6.1.
Huuuge’s Partner List includes a list of trusted advertising network companies with which Huuuge works directly or indirectly, and which may receive your personal data and further process according to their own rules. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of our partners to ensure that you understand their treatment of personal data that they may process. Please note that Huuuge may not directly work or share personal data with all of the companies listed below. From time to time, we may add partners to this list when we make new agreements with partners who are committed to protecting your personal data.
Company Name
Privacy Policy
Chartboost, Inc.
https://docs.chartboost.com/en/legal/privacy-policy
Tapjoy, Inc.
https://www.is.com/privacy-policy
AdColony, Inc.
https://www.digitalturbine.com/legal/privacy-policy
AppLovin Corporation
https://www.applovin.com/privacy/
Arsus Technologies Ltd (dba ReklamUp)
https://reklamup.com/privacy.php
Adlogic Technology Pte. Ltd
https://www.mintegral.com/en/privacy/
Unity Technologies Finland Oys
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
ironSource Ltd.
https://www.is.com/privacy-policy/
Google Ireland Limited
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
Facebook Ireland Limited
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
Twitter, Inc. (Mopub)
https://www.applovin.com/privacy/
InMobi Pte. Ltd
https://www.inmobi.com/privacy-policy/
OpenX Software Ltd.
https://www.openx.com/privacy-center/ad-exchange-privacy-policy/
Pubmatic, Inc.
https://pubmatic.com/legal/privacy-policy/
Smaato, Inc.
https://www.smaato.com/privacy/
Verizon Media EMEA Limited
https://legal.yahoo.com/us/en/yahoo/privacy/index.html
Fyber Monetization Ltd.
https://www.digitalturbine.com/legal/privacy-policy
HyprMX Mobile LLC
https://www.hyprmx.com/privacy-policy.html
Verve Group, Inc.; VGI CTV, Inc.; Verve Group Europe GmbH
https://verve.com/product-privacy-policies/
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://docs.chartboost.com/en/legal/privacy-policy:
Legal
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions Addendum
Data Sharing Addendum
Subprocessors
Tipalti Agreement
Guidelines
Advertiser & Creative Content Guidelines
Chartboost Core Contribution License Agreement
Privacy Policy
Last updated: April 19, 2024
OVERVIEW
This privacy policy (“
Privacy Policy
”) explains how information about our customers, visitors of our sites and end users is collected and utilized by Chartboost, Inc. (“
Chartboost
”, “
our
”, or “
we
”). This Privacy Policy applies to the websites provided by Chartboost, including without limitation
www.Chartboost.com
(“
Sites
”) and Chartboost’s advertising services (“
Chartboost Services
”). The Chartboost Services allow publishers of mobile applications to show ads on their applications, and advertisers to reach audiences that could be interested in their products or services. We also work with a number of partners in the ad tech ecosystem to enable the serving of ads on publisher apps. “
Customers
” refers to publishers, advertisers and other ad tech partners (current and prospective) and their employees, contractors, or agents. “
End Users
” refers to end users of our Customers’ services. “
You
” and “
your
” refer collectively to Sites visitors, Customers and End Users. If you have any concerns about this Privacy Policy you can send an email to
privacy@chartboost.com
.
1.          PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
In this Section, we outline the categories of personal information (“
Personal Information
”) we collect and how we collect it.
a) Categories of Personal Information Collected
Customers and Sites visitors:
Contact details
, such as name and email address.
Account registration information
, including the company for which you work, country of residence, password.
Technical Information
about your browser and device is automatically collected when you visit the Sites. These include IP address, the type and version of browser used to access the Sites, operating system, language of the browser and operating system, and type of device.
Information about how you
interacted with the Sites
(e.g. whether you clicked on a specific link, where you clicked, time spent on the Sites, etc.).
End Users:
Identifiers
such as Advertising ID (i.e. Google Advertising ID on Android devices, and ID For Advertising, on iOS devices), IP address and other similar identifiers. The Advertising ID is a resettable persistent identifier generated by Android or iOS that allows online advertising companies to recognize a device across apps, for advertising purposes. We can also identify an End User’s device using Chartboost’s internal device ID, which is linked to an End User’s Advertising ID. We may also create a temporary identifier on an app by app basis, which would not be linked to an End User’s Advertiser ID.
Contact Information
- If you contact our customer support team, we will collect your name and email address in order to respond to your request.
Technical device information
, including operating system name and version, device model, the name and version of the app to which the ad is served, SDK version and information about your settings (screen size, audio settings, language settings, time zone, internet connection type (e.g. WiFi), storage space, and battery status) and other similar information.
Campaign information
such as whether an ad was viewed, clicked on, and whether an app was installed and, if shared by the advertiser, actions performed within the app such as when an End User launches the app, how long the End User plays the app, and other in-app events (e.g. in-app purchases, level reached).
In addition, when an End User accesses a video ad, we and others may collect additional statistics about videos and video playback such as: start/boot-up information, amount played/session length information, memory on the device used for our video cache, videos cached on a device and complete view event.
b) How is Personal Information of Customers and Sites Visitors Collected?
We collect Customer Personal Information directly from the Customer upon:
Registration
: We collect the above listed Personal Information when a Customer signs up for the Chartboost Services.
Contact/Other requests
: On the Sites, we offer online forms to enable Customers to contact us. We also offer Customers the opportunity to request specific content, like newsletters and whitepapers we publish. We may ask for consent before we send information about the Chartboost Services in the future.
We automatically collect the Personal Information of a visitor of the Sites through
cookies and beacons
. A “cookie” is a small piece of data that is stored on your computer or mobile device. Like many websites, we use cookies and similar technologies to collect additional website usage data and to operate our Sites. We may also allow third parties to place cookies on our Sites to track use of the Sites to enable us to analyze the traffic of our marketing pages. The Sites or the emails we send may also use web beacons (also called “clear GIFs” or “pixel tags”) and similar technologies in conjunction with cookies. Our Sites also use information collected in our log files (such as Internet Protocol Address, referring URLs, etc.) about activities on the Sites to better understand how the Sites are used, resolve technical problems, and enhance the experience of Site visitors. For more information about the cookies we use, please review our
Cookie Policy Notice
.
c) How is Personal Information of End Users Collected?
Chartboost works with advertisers, publishers and other ad tech partners. For example, Chartboost helps advertisers promote their products and services by allowing them to bid on advertising inventory and serve ads to their desired audiences. Chartboost also works with publishers (e.g. mobile apps) that have advertising inventory available on their platform for advertisers to buy.  Chartboost also works as an intermediary connecting advertisers and publishers directly as well as platforms that consolidate advertiser demand and publisher supply.
When an ad is served through the Chartboost Services, we may collect the above listed Personal Information either:
directly from the End Users’ devices
when our software developer kit (SDK) is integrated into the publisher app on which the ad is displayed (for example, if you see an ad that was served by us on an app that you use, we would have collected your Personal Information directly from that app);
from the advertiser
who would decide the Personal Information they want to share with us when creating their campaign;
from other third-parties
within the ad tech ecosystem, such as third party data providers or other advertising services companies.
2.          HOW WE USE PERSONAL INFORMATION
In this Section, we outline how we process the Personal Information of our Customers, Sites visitors and of End Users, including how long we retain the Personal Information for.
a) Business and Commercial Purposes of Personal Information Collection and Use
We generally collect and use the above-listed categories of Personal Information to best serve you and deliver, support, and market the Chartboost Services.
More specifically, we collect and use the Personal Information of
Customers and Sites visitors
for the following purposes:
To provide the Sites to our Customers.
To create, maintain, customize, and secure our Customers’ accounts with us.
To provide Customers with customized content or targeted offers.
To allow Customers to offer advertising inventory and/or bid on advertising inventory and serve ads.
To report information about a Customer’s ad campaign.
With consent, to send information, newsletters, and promotional materials from us or on behalf of our group of companies and marketing partners.
We collect and use the Personal Information of
End Users
for the following purposes:
To provide the Chartboost Services to our Customers. As outlined above, Chartboost works with advertisers, publishers and ad tech partners. Chartboost helps advertisers promote their products and services by allowing them to bid on advertising inventory and serve ads to their desired audiences. Chartboost works with publishers (e.g. mobile apps) that have advertising inventory available on their platform for advertisers to buy. Chartboost also works as an intermediary connecting advertisers and publishers directly as well as platforms that consolidate advertiser demand and publisher supply. Ads can be:
personalized and based on your potential interests, the interests of users similar to you, and what you are most likely to engage with when you consent to this (taking into account the nature of ads and apps you typically engage with) - we refer to these as “personalized ads”; and/or
served based on your device technical information, the content of the publisher platform the ad will be displayed on and current or prior geolocation (if you are in a specific country, the ads would be relevant to that location) - we refer to these as “contextual ads”.
To derive inferences from the above categories of Personal Information and create a personalized profile to better identify goods and services that could be of interest to you. The information we infer, access, and collect may determine the nature of the ad that the End User sees.
To optimize Customers’ advertising campaigns, including by re-targeting End Users based on usage patterns.
To report to our Customers information about an ad campaign, including for example, when you saw or clicked on ads, whether you downloaded an advertised app and your purchases in an advertised app.
To prevent you from seeing the same ad or similar ads too many times.
If Customers do not want to expose End Users to personalized advertising campaigns, Customers can choose to opt out of personalized advertising by following the relevant instructions as set out on the Sites.
Finally, we collect and use the Personal Information of
Customers, Sites visitors and End Users
for the following purposes:
To detect and prevent fraud and unauthorized transactions.
To improve the usability and design of our Sites and the Chartboost Services by analyzing user interactions, feedback, and/or navigation patterns, which allows us to understand how our Sites and the Chartboost Services are being used and to identify areas for improvement as well as to develop new products or services within the ad tech ecosystem.
To monitor, protect, and maintain the operation, security and integrity of the Sites, the Chartboost Services and our business.
To communicate with you, including by responding to your inquiries, requesting feedback from you, and sending you updates about the Sites, the Chartboost Services, and this Privacy Policy.
To comply with applicable laws and regulations and respond to lawful requests and communications from law enforcement and other government officials.
To carry out sales and business transactions in which information held by us is among the assets transferred or is otherwise relevant to the evaluation, negotiation, or completion of the transaction.
To protect our rights, privacy, safety, property and/or those of others.
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide your Personal Information or as explained to you at the point of information collection.
b) Retention
We retain Personal Information for as long as is necessary or as permitted in light of the purpose(s) for which it was obtained and consistent with applicable law. To determine the appropriate retention period of Personal Information, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of Personal Information; the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of the Personal Information; the purpose for which we use the Personal Information; whether we can achieve the purposes through other means; and the applicable legal requirements (e.g. legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or reporting requirements).
If you are a Customer, we retain your Personal Information for as long as you have an account with us or keep using the Chartboost Services. Please refer to Section 9 to see how you can delete your account or information.
The Personal Information of Sites visitors is retained in accordance with our cookie policy.
The Personal Information of End Users is retained for a maximum of 365 days, after which it is either anonymized or destroyed.
We will store information for longer periods when complying with our legal and regulatory obligations, to defend Chartboost interests (in case of a dispute), for archiving or statistical purposes in which case we will take appropriate measures to ensure that the information is used solely for this purpose.
More information, including a description of your legal rights, can be found below in the “Privacy Rights and Requests” Section.
3.          LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING
Some jurisdictions require a legal basis for processing personal data. In this Section, we outline the different legal bases we rely on depending on the processing activity.
DATA SUBJECT
PROCESSING ACTIVITY
LEGAL BASIS
PERSONAL INFORMATION USED
End Users
Displaying personalized advertising on publisher platforms (e.g. mobile applications).
Consent obtained by the publisher
Identifiers
Technical device information
Campaign information
End Users
Displaying contextual advertising - i.e. advertising based on the content of the publisher platform you visit, technical parameters of the device or current or prior geolocation.
Legitimate Interest
IP address
Technical device information
Campaign information
End Users
Attribution - i.e. matching user conversions (e.g. purchases, app installs) to campaign events, like clicks and displays.
Legitimate Interest
Identifiers
Technical device information
Campaign information
End Users
Improvement of the Chartboost Services
Legitimate Interest
Identifiers
Technical device information
Campaign information
End Users, Customers and Sites visitors
Fraud prevention and detection
Legitimate Interest
Identifiers
Technical device information
Campaign information
Technical Information
Information about Sites interactions
End Users
Reporting
Legitimate Interest
Identifiers
Technical device information
Campaign information
End Users
Frequency capping
Legitimate Interest
Identifiers
Technical device information
Campaign information
Customers
Provision of the Chartboost Services to Customers
Performance of a contract
Contact details
Account registration information
Technical Information
Customers
Marketing communications
Consent
Contact details
Technical Information
Sites interaction
4.          INFORMATION DISCLOSURE
In this Section we outline who we may disclose your Personal Information with:
Processors and service providers.
We contract with vendors to provide some part of the Sites and the Chartboost Services or to assist us in analyzing our services or information. Chartboost may provide Personal Information to such processors and service providers, or they may collect information from you on our behalf or on behalf of our Customers.
Marketing, advertising, and analytics partners.
When we collect or receive End User data, we disclose this information to third parties with whom we have a strategic relationship with, including on behalf of our Customers, to provide the Chartboost Services. These partners include advertisers, ad networks, exchanges, demand side platforms, and ad optimization and measurement/attribution partners. The Personal Information disclosed to these partners can be used to measure how effective ads are, to track ad conversions, to offer advertising inventory, bid on advertising inventory, to serve ads, to analyze traffic and other ad activity to improve the advertising experience, for industry analysis and to create personalized profiles.
These partners may collect information about your online activities over time and across different websites and applications.
Public authorities.
We may be required to disclose information about you in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. We will disclose such information to government or law enforcement officials as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to respond to legal process (including but not limited to subpoenas), to protect the property and rights of Chartboost, our Customers, End Users, or any third party, to protect the safety of the public or any person, or to prevent or stop activity we may consider to be, or to pose a risk of being, illegal, unethical or legally actionable.
Relevant third parties as part of a corporate transaction.
In the event of a reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer, or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets, or stock (including in connection with a bankruptcy or similar proceeding), we may disclose or transfer your Personal Information to certain third parties, such as the acquiring entity and its advisers.
Our subsidiaries and affiliates.
We may transmit your Personal Information to our subsidiaries and affiliates for processing in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Other third parties.
We will disclose your Personal Information to third parties if you or our Customers direct us to do so or you consent to such sharing. In addition, we will disclose your Personal Information as we believe necessary or appropriate to: (a) comply with applicable law; (b) enforce our terms and conditions; (c) protect our operations; (d) protect our rights, privacy, safety, or property, and/or those of you or others; (e) allow us to pursue available remedies or limit damages that we may sustain; or (f) private parties in response to a subpoena or other valid legal process.
Aggregate or anonymous data.
We may disclose aggregate or anonymous information about End Users to our Customers and other advertisers, publishers, business partners, sponsors, or third parties.
5.          PRIVACY PRACTICES OF CUSTOMERS AND THIRD PARTIES
End Users should review that Customers’ privacy policies. We do not control and are not responsible for the privacy practices of any Customer or other third party, and any website or service that links to or from our Sites or the Chartboost Services. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by Chartboost.
6.          INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
Chartboost is a company based in the United States. In the context of the provision of the Chartboost Services, your Personal Information is processed, transferred and stored in the United States and other countries that may not have privacy laws equivalent to the country where you reside.
When your information is in another country, it may be accessed by the courts, law enforcement, and national security authorities pursuant to the laws of that country. If you reside in the UK, EU, EEA or Switzerland, we rely on Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission (available at:
https://commission.europa.eu/publications/standard-contractual-clauses-international-transfers_en
) and/or other approved legal mechanisms to transfer personal data from the UK, EU, EEA or Switzerland to countries located outside of these locations (as applicable).
7.          CONFIDENTIALITY AND SECURITY
We follow generally accepted industry standards and maintain appropriate safeguards to help protect the security, integrity, and privacy of the information we collect about you. These security measures are designed to protect against the accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, misuse, alteration, and unauthorized disclosure of, or access to, the information under our control. However, no system can be 100% secure and we cannot guarantee our security measures.
8.          END USER CHOICES
Sites visitors/Customers:
You can control how your browser responds to cookies by adjusting the privacy and security settings of your web browser. However, some features of our Sites, including certain features made available to Customers may not function properly if you disable cookies.
End Users:
To learn more about interest-based advertising, and to access the opt-outs of certain online advertising companies, visit the Network Advertising Initiative at
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/#completed
or Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) at
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
. For individuals from the UK, EU, EEA or Switzerland, you can visit Your Online Choices at
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
. You can opt out of interest-based advertisements by adjusting the settings on your mobile device. Each device and browser you use may have separate settings.
For iOS mobile devices, go to “Settings” from the device’s home screen; scroll down to “Privacy”; select “Advertising”; and turn on “Limit Ad Tracking.”
For Android mobile devices, go to “Google Settings” on the device; select “Ads”; and check the box labeled “Opt Out of Interest-Based Ads.”
At the app level, check the (Privacy) Settings section of the app. This setting and the language may vary by app and by where you are located. You may have to perform this action on each app.
You can review
http://www.networkadvertising.org/mobile-choices
for more information regarding how you can opt out via the mobile platform. If you would like to disable the collection of your mobile device geolocation information, you can make this selection on your mobile device.
You should complete the opt-out process for all devices and browsers you use. If you opt-out of interest-based advertising, you will still receive general advertisements but these might not be as relevant to you.
9.          PRIVACY RIGHTS AND REQUESTS
If you are a resident of the EU, Switzerland, or other jurisdictions with similar rules for data protection, Chartboost recognizes that you may have privacy rights listed below in relation to your Personal Information. Privacy rights that you may have include:
The right to obtain, at reasonable intervals and free of charge, confirmation as to what personal data about you Chartboost processes.
The right to object to the processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes or based on your particular situation.
The right to have your personal data rectified or corrected, blocked or deleted if the data are incorrect, incomplete, irrelevant, outdated or processed unlawfully.
The right to receive the personal data Chartboost processes about you in a structured and commonly used format and to transmit those data to another controller.
The right to obtain information about how your data has been shared with third-parties.
The right to revoke consent and have data processed on such a basis to be erased.
Chartboost Services interface tools.
If you are a Customer, some of your Personal Information can be changed or deleted by following the process provided in your Chartboost Services account, unless we must keep the information for legitimate business or legal reasons. If you delete certain portions of your information, your account may become deactivated.
Support requests
. If the request you wish to make is not possible through your Chartboost Services account, you can file a support request by visiting:
https://docs.chartboost.com/en/support/contact-us/
.
Identity verification.
We may request evidence of your identity for verification purposes. We will respond to your request within the applicable statutory term.
End User request.
If an End User exercises any of their rights with you with respect to the processing of their Personal Information by us, please use the tools in your Chartboost Services Account to accommodate their request, or, if this is not possible, please visit:
https://docs.chartboost.com/en/support/contact-us/
.
U.S. STATE PRIVACY RIGHTS
A.          Summary of Categories of Personal Information Collected, Sold, and Shared for End Users
Category of Personal Information Collected
Is this Category Sold or Shared?
Contact information
, including your name, email address.
No
Other identifiers
, including Advertising ID (i.e. Google Advertising ID on Android devices, and ID For Advertising, on iOS devices), IP address and other similar identifiers.
Yes
Technical app and device information
, including operating system name and version, Bundle ID, device model, the name and version of the app to which the ad is served, SDK version and information about your settings (screen size, audio settings, language settings, time zone, internet connection type (e.g. WiFi), storage space, and battery status) and other similar information.
Yes
Coarse geolocation data (derived from IP address)
, including the location of the device you use and your country.
Yes
Campaign information and statistics
, including whether you view and how you interacted with an ad and/or publisher app.
Yes
Inferences
, meaning inferences that we draw from the above categories of Personal Information to create a personalized profile so we can better identify goods and services that could  be of interest to you.
No
B.          Summary of Categories of Personal Information Collected, Sold, and Shared for Sites Visitors and Customers
Category of Personal Information Collected
Is this Category Sold or Shared?
Identifiers
, including your name, email address, IP address, or other similar identifiers.
Yes (IP address)
Internet or other electronic network activity information
, such as IP address, cookie information and how you interacted with the Sites (e.g. whether you clicked on a specific link, where you clicked, time spent on the Sites, etc.)
Yes
Technical information
, including the type and version of browser used to access the Sites, operating system, language of the browser and operating system, and type of device.
Yes
Coarse geolocation data
, including the location of the device you use and your country.
No
Professional or employment-related information
, including the company you work for.
No
As indicated in the chart, we “sell” or “share” (as such terms are defined in California law and other applicable laws) some of these categories to business partners and third parties, such as data analytics providers, advertising technology vendors, and social media platforms for marketing purposes and as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. We do not knowingly sell or share Personal Information about persons under the age of 16. Please click
here
to opt out of the sale or sharing of your Personal Information by Chartboost.
Depending on your U.S. state of residences, you may have the following rights:
Right to Know:
The right to know what Personal Information we have collected about you, including the categories of Personal Information and the categories of sources from which the Personal Information is collected, the business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, or sharing Personal Information, the categories of third parties to whom we disclose Personal Information, and the specific pieces of Personal Information we have collected about you. Please note that we may not be required to respond to your requests “to know” or access specific pieces of Personal Information more than twice in any 12-month period.
Right to Data Portability:
The right to access your Personal Information in a portable format.
Right to Delete:
The right to request that we delete Personal Information that we have collected from you, subject to certain exceptions.
Right to Correct:
The right to correct inaccurate Personal Information that we may maintain about you, subject to appropriate verification.
Right to Opt Out of Certain Types of Personal Information Uses and Disclosures:
We use and disclose to third parties’ Personal Information for analytics and advertising purposes. Accordingly, you may have the right to opt out of the “sale” or "sharing” of your Personal Information, or the use and disclosure of your Personal Information for “targeted advertising” (as these terms are defined in applicable law).
If you are interested in exercising any of the above-listed rights, please visit:
https://docs.chartboost.com/en/support/contact-us/
.
To protect your privacy, we may require the matching of up to three pieces of Personal Information provided with your request with Personal Information we maintain to verify that it is you making the request. Where applicable, we will use the requested information for verification purposes only. Please note that we can decline a request where we are unable to verify your identity and confirm the Personal Information we maintain relates to you.
Exercising Your Sale and Sharing Opt-Out Right
As detailed in the table above, we “sell” and “share” certain categories of Personal Information to and with third parties. If you are 16 years of age or older, in addition to the rights described above, you have the right to direct us to not “sell” or “share” your Personal Information at any time. To exercise your opt-out right, you can submit a request to us by clicking on the “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” link at the bottom of any of the Sites’ web pages or completing and submitting the form available
here
.
Upon receipt of your request, we will endeavor to honor it based on the information that we collect and maintain.
Authorized Agents.
Residents of certain U.S. states may also use an authorized agent to submit the requests described above. The agent will need to provide us with signed permission from you to act on your behalf. Please note that we may contact you to verify your identity and/or request from you or the agent documentation demonstrating that they have the authority to act on your behalf.
Appeals.
Depending on your U.S. state of residence, you may have the right to appeal a decision we have made in connection with your privacy rights request. To appeal a decision, please contact us at
privacy@chartboost.com
.
Complaints.
If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy or the way Chartboost processes information about you, you can also lodge a complaint to a competent supervisory authority in your country of residence.
10.          COMMUNICATIONS
We may provide notice to our Customers via e-mail, written or hard copy, or through posting on our Sites, as determined by us in our sole discretion.
11.          CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time, at our sole discretion. Any relevant changes or modifications to this Privacy Policy will be notified to you by the posting of a notice on the Sites and, if you are a Customer, you may also be notified by either e-mail or other means of communication, as set out in Section 10. If you access the Chartboost Services after the new version of the Privacy Policy is published and/or communicated to you, you agree to its new terms; should you disagree with the terms of the new version, you must cease using the Sites and the Chartboost Services. If we make any changes to this Privacy Policy, we will change the “Last Updated” date above.
12.          CONTACT
If you have any questions or suggestions regarding this Privacy Policy, or have any concerns about privacy, please contact us at:
Address: Chartboost, Inc., One Sansome Street, Floor 21, San Francisco, CA 94104
Email:
privacy@chartboost.com
Attn: Data Protection Officer
© 2025 Chartboost, LLC.
Chartboost.com
Legal
Cookie Settings
Sub-policy 1
https://www.is.com/privacy-policy:
Please note: This website includes an accessibility system. Press Control-F11 to adjust the website to the visually impaired who are using a screen reader; Press Control-F10 to open an accessibility menu.
Accessibility
Popup heading
Close
Press
‎
↵ Enter
‎
for Accessibility for blind people
who use screen readers
Press
‎
↵ Enter
‎
for Keyboard Navigation
Press
‎
↵ Enter
‎
for Accessibility menu



Platform
Monetization
Marketing
Analytics
Publishing
Products
Unity LevelPlay
Mediation
ironSource Network
Ad network
Tapjoy
Offerwall
Aura
On-device solutions
Supersonic
Publishing
Luna
Cross-channel management
Learn
Community
Blog
Case studies
LevelUp Academy
Knowledge center
Glossary
Company
About
Careers
Newsroom
Contact us
Log into Tapjoy
Login
Login
Signup
Signup
ironSource Website Privacy Policy
Last Updated: August 6th, 2024
The following policy governs how ironSource Ltd. (“ironSource“, “Company” “we” or “us“), and its subsidiaries, handle information collected from users of its websites, at the addresses
is.com/
, lunalabs.io/, bidalgo.com/, tapjoy.com/ and their subdomains (the “Sites“), including ironSource Mobile Dashboard, Tapjoy Dashboard, Luna Create Hub and the Luna Control Hub (the “Dashboards”).
Capitalized terms which are not defined herein, shall have the meaning ascribed to them in our Terms of Use available on the Site, which this Privacy Policy is incorporated thereto by reference.
Please note that this privacy policy covers our privacy practices only with respect to the Sites.
If you would like to review our privacy policies for our products and services, please see the links below:
Mobile Ad Network and Mediation Platform –
https://developers.ironsrc.com/ironsource-mobile/air/ironsource-mobile-privacy-policy/
Supersonic Studios Apps –
https://supersonic.com/privacy/
Tapjoy’s privacy policy –
https://dev.tapjoy.com/en/legal/Privacy-Policy
The Sites are accessible for individuals around the world. Accordingly, throughout the document, we try to harmonize our approach and the language of the privacy policy as much as possible. However, sometimes we refer to specific laws that require further disclosures. These disclosures cover laws and regulations applicable to the following regions:
Individuals who we deem to be located in the European Economic Area, United Kingdom, or Switzerland
– With respect to the collection and processing of their personal data, as defined by the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), and the UK Data Protection Act.
If you are a resident of California, Virginia, Connecticut, Colorado, Utah, Florida, Oregon, Texas, Montana, Delaware, Iowa, Nebraska, New Hampshire and New Jersey
– please see “State Privacy Rights” section of this privacy policy for information related to privacy laws in these states.
Your Consent (PLEASE READ CAREFULLY!)
BY ACCESSING THE SITES AND/OR USING THE SITES, YOU AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY (THE “PRIVACY POLICY“), INCLUDING TO THE COLLECTION AND PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION (AS DEFINED BELOW). IF YOU DISAGREE TO ANY TERM PROVIDED HEREIN, YOU MAY NOT USE THE SITES.
Information We Collect, and Purposes of Processing
We collect the following types of information from Users:
Information collected automatically from Users who are visiting the Sites (“Site Information”):
Technical Information
– Technical information about your browser and device is automatically collected when you visit the Sites, or the Dashboard apps. Such information consists of the device’s IP address, device ID, the type and version of browser used to access the Sites, operating system, language of the browser and operating system, and type of device.
Interaction Information
– Information about your interactions with the Sites or Dashboard apps (e.g. whether you clicked on a specific link, where you clicked, time on Sites, etc.).
Information you voluntarily provide us:
Registration Information
– When you register to our services, you will be asked to provide your email address, password, billing information, details about your apps, and payment details.
Job Application Information
– When you choose to apply for a job at ironSource via the Sites, you will be requested to provide us with your full name, email address, phone number, link to your Linkedin page, link to your website, and your CV.
Newsletter Information
– If you subscribe to our newsletter, you will be requested to provide your email address.
Event Information
– If you choose to register to an event we host, you will be requested to provide us with your full name, email address, phone number, job title, current company, and such other information necessary for attending the event.
Communication Information
– If you choose to communicate with us via an online form on the Sites, email, or automated chat service (‘chat bot’), you may provide us with information such as your name, and your email address, and any other information you choose to share with us.
Luna Create Hub Service Information
– If you use Luna Create Hub, you may permit us to upload your video creatives to your YouTube channel on your behalf, using YouTube API Services, by logging in to your YouTube account and providing us with your account’s session token. By using Luna Create Hub in that manner, you agree to be bound by the YouTube terms of service, available
here
. You may revoke our access to that information at any time via the Google security settings page
here
. You can find more information about Google’s privacy practices in the Google Privacy Policy, available
here
.
What are the Purposes of the Collection of Information?
We use the information we collect for the following purposes:
Sharing Information with Third Parties
We may share information with our subsidiaries and affiliated companies, and with vendors and service providers for the purposes set forth in this Privacy Policy. We may also disclose information if we have a good faith belief that disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to: (i) comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request; (ii) enforce our agreements and policies, including investigations of potential violations thereof; (iii) investigate, detect, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities or other wrongdoing, suspected fraud or security issues; (iv) to establish or exercise our rights to defend against legal claims; (v) prevent harm to the rights, property or safety of us, our users, yourself or any third party; (vi) for the purpose of collaborating with law enforcement agencies or in case we find it necessary in order to enforce intellectual property or other legal rights; or (vii) when we are undergoing any change in control, including by means of merger, acquisition or purchase of all or substantially all of our assets.
Deletion or Modification of Personal Information
If for any reason you wish to modify or delete your Personal Information please send us an email to website-privacy-request@ironsrc.com, and we will make reasonable efforts to modify or delete any such Personal Information pursuant to any applicable privacy laws.
Retention of Information
We store information for as long as is reasonably necessary for the purposes for which it was collected, as explained in this privacy policy. In some circumstances we may store information for longer periods of time, for instance where we are required to do so in accordance with legal, regulatory, tax, accounting requirements.
Minors
To use the Sites, you must be over the age of eighteen (18). Therefore, ironSource does not knowingly collect personal information from individuals under the age of eighteen (18) and does not wish to do so.  If you have any reason to believe that a minor has shared Personal Information with us, please contact us.
Third Party Sites
While using the Sites you may encounter links to third party websites. Please be advised that such third party websites are independent sites, and we assume no responsibility or liability whatsoever with regard to privacy matters or any other legal matter with respect to such sites. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policies and the terms of use or service of such websites.
Cookies
When you access or use the Sites, we may use industry-wide technologies such as “cookies” (or similar technologies), which store certain information on your computer and which will allow us to enable automatic activation of certain features, and make your service experience much more convenient and effortless. It is easy to prohibit certain cookies. You can do so by editing your preferences through the Site’s cookie settings link. In addition, most browsers will allow you to erase cookies from your computer’s hard drive, block acceptance of cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. However, if you block or erase cookies your online experience may be limited.
Information to Individuals Located in the European Economic Area, Switzerland, and the United Kingdom
International Transfers
– We store personal data on our Amazon Web Services servers in the United States, and on the servers of our processors, which may be located outside of the European Union, or the United Kingdom. We will transfer personal data countries which are recognized as providing an adequate level of legal protection or where we can be satisfied that alternative arrangement are in place to protect your privacy rights.
Your Rights
– Data subjects have the right to request us to access, rectify or erase personal data that we process, or to restrict or object to its processing in accordance with the provisions of the GDPR. A data subject can submit a request for exercising these rights by sending us an email to website-privacy-request@ironsrc.com. Please note that we will process the request subject to verification of the consumer’s identity.
A data subject that chooses to withdraw consent can do that by the cookie settings available on the Site.
A data subject also has the right to file a complaint with the relevant supervisory authority (e.g. of the consumer’s country or domicile) where we have not addressed the data subject’s concerns.
State Privacy Rights
California, Virginia, Connecticut, Colorado, Utah, Florida, Oregon, Texas, Montana, Delaware, Iowa, Nebraska, New Hampshire and New Jersey residents have certain rights under state privacy laws with respect to personal data we collect.  If you are a resident of such states, this section of the privacy policy contains disclosures required by law and explains rights that may be available to you.
In the past 12 months, we have collected, sold (including sharing for targeted advertising), and disclosed for business purposes the following categories of personal data. We do not knowingly sell, nor do we share or process for targeted advertising purposes, personal data about consumers under the age of 16.
Our Purposes for Processing Personal Data
– We use and disclose the personal data we collect for our commercial and business purposes, as further described above in the “Information We Collect, and Purposes of Processing” and the “Sharing Information With Third Parties” Sections.
Recipients of Personal Data
Although we do not sell personal data for monetary consideration, we do sell personal data, including sharing for targeted advertising purposes, subject to the choices you make on the Site, to the categories of third parties listed below:
– Advertising Companies; and
– Analytics Providers.
Your Rights Regarding Personal Data
– Residents of certain states have rights with respect to the personal data collected by businesses like ironSource. You may be able to exercise the following rights regarding your personal data, subject to certain exceptions and limitations:
The
right to confirm
whether we are processing personal data about you.
The
right to correct inaccuracies
in the personal data we have collected about you.
The right to know
the categories and specific pieces of personal data we collect, use, disclose, and sell about you, the categories of sources from which we collected your personal data, our purposes for collecting or selling your personal data, the categories of your personal data that we have either sold (including shared for targeted advertising purposes) or disclosed for a business purpose, and the categories of third parties with which we have disclosed personal data.
The right to request that we
delete the personal data
we have collected or maintain about the you.
The right to
opt out of our sale of your personal data and our processing (including sharing) for targeted advertising purposes
. Please note that if you opt out of certain practices, we may be unable to provide you with some services.
The right
not to receive discriminatory treatment
for the exercise of the above privacy rights.
While some states provide residents with rights related to “sensitive” personal data, ironSource does not collect this type of personal data.
Exercise Your Rights
You can submit a request by sending us an email to website-privacy-request@ironsrc.com.
In order to exercise the right to opt out of our sale or sharing of your personal data, including for targeted advertising purposes, use the cookie settings provided in the Site.
Depending on your state, if you have submitted a request that we have not fulfilled, you may contact us to appeal our decision by sending an email with the subject line “Appeal” to website-privacy-request@ironsrc.com.
You may also designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf by verifying your identity and providing the agent with a written permission to make the request on your behalf.
Verification Process and Required Information
Note that we may need to request additional information from you to verify your identity or process your request. You will not be required to create an account with us to submit a request or have it fulfilled.  We will require you to provide, at a minimum, your email address and state of residence. We may also ask you to provide us a few of your device identifiers, so that we can verify your identity. Once we verify your identity, we will request additional information necessary to authenticate the request.
Information about California resident requests: As required by California law, ironSource has provided the following information about requests it received from California residents from June 1, 2023 to May 31, 2024.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
We may revise this privacy policy from time to time. The most current version of the policy will govern our processing of information and is posted at https://www.is.com/privacy-policy/. If we make a change to this policy, we will post the revised privacy policy to this page.
Contact Us:
ironSource Ltd., located at 121 Menachem Begin Rd., Tel Aviv, Israel, is the organization responsible for collection, use, and disclosure of your Personal Information under this Privacy Policy.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at ironsource_privacy@unity3d.com.
Because email communications are not always secure, please do not include credit card or other sensitive information in your emails to us.
121 Menachem Begin Rd., Tel Aviv, Israel
Attn: Data Protection Officer
You can also contact us as follows:
DPO@unity3d.com
ironSource Ltd., 121 Menachem Begin Rd., Tel Aviv, Israel (Israel contact)
Unity Technologies, 30 3rd Street, San Francisco, CA 94103 (United States contact)
Unity Technologies ApS, Niels Hemmingsens Gade 24, 1153 Copenhagen, Denmark (European Union contact)
Unity Technologies, GINZA SIX 8F, 6-10-1 Ginza, Chuo-ku, Tokyo Japan 104-0061 (Japan Contact)
By clicking “Accept Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Cookie Settings
Reject All
Accept All Cookies
Your Opt Out Preference Signal is Honored
Your Privacy
Functional Cookies
Performance Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Targeting Cookies
Your Privacy
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Functional Cookies
Inactive
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Details‎
Performance Cookies
Inactive
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookies Details‎
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookies Details‎
Targeting Cookies
Inactive
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Some 3rd party video providers do not allow video views without targeting cookies. If you are experiencing difficulty viewing a video, you will need to set your cookie preferences for targeting to yes if you wish to view videos from these providers. Unity does not control this.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Sub-policy 2
https://www.digitalturbine.com/legal/privacy-policy:
Notice at Collection and Website
Privacy Policy
Last Updated
: October 2023.
We at Digital Turbine, Inc. (“
Digital Turbine
,” “
we
,” “
us,
” or “
our
”) put great efforts into making sure that we secure personal information related to you and use it properly.
The notice at collection (“
Notice at Collection
”) and privacy policy (“
Policy
,” and collectively: the “
Notices
”) provided on this page explain our privacy practices for processing personal information related to you when you use our website at
www.digitalturbine.com
(the “
Website
”).
The term “
personal information
” refers to information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular individual consumer or household that identifies an individual or relates to an identifiable individual. For example, personal information is your name, email address, telephone number, and other contact details that you submit to us or that we collect from your mobile device or app.
These Notices apply to visitors to our Website (“
Customers
”).
The summary of this policy will give you a quick and clear view of our practices. Please take the time to read our full policy. If you disagree with this Privacy Policy, please do not access or use our Website.
The Policy Summary below will give you a quick and clear view of our practices. The first six headings in the summary also serve as the Notice at Collection.
Notice at Collection and Summary of the Policy
Categories of personal information you provide us.
We receive and store any information you enter on our Website or give us in any other way. If you register for our newsletter blog or fill out any form on our Website, we will collect your name, company name, and work email address.
Read More
Categories of personal information that we collect
We automatically log ‘traffic/session’ information, including IP addresses and user agents. We collect session durations and additional activity information.
Read More below
Categories of sensitive personal information
The Website is not intended to collect sensitive personal information (within the meaning of US Privacy Laws), we do not knowingly collect such data, and we require that you do not provide us with such data.
Read More below
What do we do with personal information?
We maintain the Website, make it better and continue developing it, and protect us and the Website from misuse and law violations.
Read More below
Who do we disclose, share, or sell personal information with or to?
We use service providers, for example, to send email messages and to store data. We will transfer personal information when we change our corporate structure and share the information with our affiliate entities. We will also obey authorities’ orders and other lawful requirements to disclose information.
Read More below
How long do we retain personal information?
We retain personal information for the length of time required to provide the Website and/or the newsletter or blog to the extent you signed up to either one and for legitimate and lawful purposes, as further explained in the
data retention section
of this policy.
Read More below
Your choices and rights
General:
We will give you various choices about how we use and share personal information related to you, and we will respect your choices. You can stop using the Website, newsletter, or blog at any time or request that your subscription be terminated, following which we will stop collecting personal information related to you. You also have rights under applicable laws, as further detailed in the Policy.
Read More below
US Laws:
In addition to your rights under other sections of the Policy, if you are a United States resident, you have additional rights applicable to processing personal information related to you, as further detailed in the Policy.
Read More below
Exercising your rights
You can terminate your subscription to our newsletter or blog or request that your account be terminated by contacting us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
.
You can unsubscribe to our mailing lists by clicking the “Unsubscribe” link in these emails and confirming the email address for which you would like to unsubscribe.
You can request to exercise any of the rights detailed under this policy by contacting us.
Suppose you are a resident of the United States. In that case, you can also exercise your rights to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information related to you by visiting our
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Information
page.
Aggregated and analytical information.
Aggregated data is not identifiable. We use it for legitimate business purposes and standard analytical tools.
Read More below
Specific provisions for U.S. residents
Suppose you reside in the United States (U.S.). In that case, further terms apply to our processing about your rights as a data subject under U.S. state laws governing the protection of privacy and personal information, for example, the California Privacy Rights Act of 2022 (CPRA).
Read More below
Transfer of Personal information outside your territory
We keep personal information related to you in the United States and will store it at additional sites at our discretion. Our service providers provide us with adequate security and confidentiality commitments.
Read More below
Cookies and other tracking technologies
We use cookies to make it easier to log in and facilitate any website activity.
Read More below
Information Security
We implement systems, applications, and procedures to secure personal information related to you to minimize the risks of theft, damage, loss of information, or unauthorized access or use of information.
Read More below
Dispute Resolution
Contact us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
or write us for every request and complaint. We will make good-faith efforts to resolve any existing or potential dispute with you.
Read More below
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We will update our policy from time to time after giving proper notice.
Read More below
Incorporation of the Terms of Use
This policy is an integral part of the Digital Turbine’s
Terms of Use
or, if applicable, of any other Digital Turbine service subscription agreement between you (or the entity you are acting on its behalf) and us.
Read More below
Contact Us
Don’t hesitate to contact us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
for further information.
Read More below
The Digital Turbine Website Privacy Policy
Categories of Personal Information That You Provide Us
We receive and store any information you enter on our Website or give us in any other way. For example, when you contact us via the Website, we receive any information you provide.
When you contact us to apply for a job with us, you provide us with personal information related to you, which we process for recruitment and general HR purposes.
Categories of Personal Information That We Collect
Like many websites, we use “cookies” (for further information about cookies, please see our
Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies Policy
), and we obtain information when your browser accesses our Website.
We also receive information about your online activity from third-party analytics services when you use the Website. For more information, please see this policy’s “Aggregated and Analytical Information” section.
Examples of such information we collect and analyze include the Internet Protocol (IP) address, login, e-mail address, device and connection information such as browser type, version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system, and platform.
What Do We Do with Personal Information?
We use personal information related to you for the following purposes:
To provide you with the Website, newsletter, or blog you may have registered to or to contact you if you filled out a form requesting us to do so;
to provide you with notifications related to your use of the Website, such as electronic newsletters, blogs, or promotional emails;
to solicit your feedback and provide support;
to maintain the Website and to continue developing and making it better;
We obey the law and expect you to do the same. If necessary, we will use personal information related to you to enforce our terms, policies, and legal agreements, to comply with court orders and warrants, and assist law enforcement agencies, to collect debts, prevent fraud, misappropriation, infringements, identity thefts and any other misuse of our Website, and to take any action in any legal dispute and proceeding.
We commit to process personal information related to you solely for the purposes described in this policy.
Who do we Disclose, Share, or Sell Personal Information related to you with?
We do not sell, rent, or lease personal information related to you.
Personal information related to you is shared with certain employees, external consultants, and our affiliates, who are all governed by this Policy.
We also share personal information related to you with our vendors worldwide and third-party service providers that process your personal information on our behalf. Such vendors and service providers are contractually bound to keep personal information related to you confidential and appropriately secure.
A merger, acquisition, or any other structural change will require us to transfer personal information related to you to another entity as part of the structural change, provided that the receiving entity will comply with this policy.
We will share personal information related to you only subject to the terms of this policy or subject to your prior consent.
We will need to disclose personal information related to you in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
How__Long
How Long Do We Retain Personal Information?
We retain different types of personal information related to you for different periods, depending on the purposes for processing the information, our legitimate business purposes, and pursuant to legal requirements under applicable law.
We will maintain your contact details to help us stay in contact with you. You can contact our privacy team at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
and request to delete your contact details. Note that we will keep your details without using them if necessary and for the necessary period of time for legal requirements and proceedings.
We will retain personal information related to you after you have left our Website if retention is reasonably necessary to resolve disputes between our users, to prevent fraud and abuse, or to enforce this Privacy Policy and our
Terms of Use
. We will keep aggregated non-identifiable information without limitation, and to the extent reasonable, we will delete or de-identify potentially identifiable information when we no longer need to process the information.
In any case, we will keep information about you for as long as you use our Website unless applicable law requires us to delete it or if we decide to remove it at our discretion, according to the terms of this policy and our
Terms of Use
.
Your Choices and Rights
General
‍
The section below applies to all Users, regardless of which laws apply to processing personal information related to them.
We will give you choices about how we use and share personal information related to you, and we will respect your choices.
We will send newsletters or promotional communications to our users. To unsubscribe to these communications, you must click an “Unsubscribe” link in these emails and confirm the email address for which you would like to unsubscribe.
We collect and receive personal information related to you that we need for the purposes described in this policy. You can stop using our Website at any time; thereafter, we will stop collecting personal information related to you. However, as detailed above, we will store and continue to use or make available certain personal information related to you.
You may request that your account be terminated and that personal information related to you be deleted by contacting us. Any termination of your account will involve deleting your account information from our live databases and storing all the information and data for such an account.
You may request a copy of the personal information related to you that we store about you by contacting us. You may also request that we transfer personal information related to you or provide you with copies of such personal information to enable its transfer to a third party.
When we delete personal information related to you that we have collected from or about you, it will be deleted from our active databases. Still, we will keep a reasonable number of copies in our archives. Although we will deactivate your account, we will continue to retain the personal information related to you for legitimate business purposes as set forth above.
Web browsers offer a “Do Not Track” (“
DNT
”) signal. A DNT signal is an HTTP header field indicating your preference for tracking your activities on our Website or through cross-site user tracking. Our Website does not respond to DNT signals.
Additional Rights Applicable to United States Residents
In addition to your rights under the general section above, if you are a resident of the United States (“
US
”), you are also entitled to the following specific rights under federal and state laws and regulations governing the protection of personal information and Privacy (“
US Privacy Laws
”), regarding personal information related to you:
Access and Data Portability
. You have the right to request that we disclose certain information about our collection and use of personal information related to you over the past 12 months. Upon verification of your request, we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you;
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you;
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting that personal information;
The categories of personal information that we disclosed for a business purpose and the categories of third parties with whom we disclosed that particular category of personal information;
The specific pieces of personal information that we collected about you;
Suppose we disclose personal information related to you for a business purpose. In that case, we will provide you with a list identifying the personal information categories each recipient obtained.
Correction
. You have the right to request that we correct inaccurate personal information that we maintain about you.
Deletion
. You have the right to request that we delete any personal information related to you. Upon confirmation of your request, we will delete personal information related to you from our records unless an exception applies. Note that when we delete personal information related to you that we have collected from or about you, it will be deleted from our active databases. Still, we will keep a reasonable number of copies in our archives. We will continue to retain your personal information for legitimate business purposes, as set forth under the section titled
“Specific Provisions for US Residents”
in this policy.
Opt-out of Selling or Sharing
. You have the right to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information related to you or otherwise the use of such data for targeted advertising or profiling for the purpose of making decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you. As detailed above, we do not sell or share personal information. Still, we do engage third parties that collect personal information on our Website to provide us with services that, although they do not pay us for collecting information, the right granted to them may be considered as disclosure for the purpose of sale or sharing. You can opt out of such processing at any time by contacting us or visiting our
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Information
.
Non-discrimination
. You also have a right not to be discriminated against for exercising your rights under US Privacy Laws.
Exercising Your Rights
If you wish to exercise any of your rights in relation to personal information related to you, please send us an email to
privacy@digitalturbine.com
.
You can stop using the Website at any time.
You may also control what personal information we collect from your device by changing the permissions settings on your browser or mobile device.
You may request to exercise the rights detailed under this section by submitting your request to us by emailing
privacy@digitalturbine.com.
Note that only you or a person authorized to act on your behalf may make a request related to personal information related to you. A request for access can be made by you only twice within a 12-month period.
Also note that your request must provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative and describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to understand, evaluate, and respond to it properly.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with the requested personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information related to you. We will only use the personal information provided in your request to verify your identity or authority to make the request.
We will do our best to respond to your request within 30 days of receipt. If we require more time (up to 30 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. We will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding receipt of your request. Our response will also explain why we cannot comply with a request, if applicable.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If the request warrants a fee, we will inform you of the reasons for such a decision and provide a cost estimate before completing your request.
We will not require that you create an account to exercise your rights under this Policy, and we will not increase the cost or decrease the availability of our Website based solely on the fact that you have chosen to exercise one of your rights.
After receiving our reply, you can appeal against our decision by contacting us. We will review your appeal and provide you with our answer and our explanation of the reasons for our decision(s) within 60 days of receiving it. We will also provide you with a link (to the extent available) where you can submit a complaint with the relevant Attorney General or Supervisory Authority, as applicable.
Aggregated and Analytical Information
We use standard analytics tools. The privacy practices of these tools are subject to their own privacy policies, and they use their own cookies to provide their service (for further information about cookies, please see our
Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies Policy
).
We use the standard analytics tools of Google Analytics, and we will use additional or other analytics tools from time to time to learn how you and other users use our Website to support its related activities and operations.
The privacy practices of these tools are subject to their own privacy policies. See Google Analytics Privacy Policy at
Privacy Policy – Privacy & Terms – Google
.
We use anonymous, statistical, or aggregated information and will share it with our partners for legitimate business purposes. It has no effect on your privacy because there is no reasonable way to extract data from the aggregated information that we or others can associate specifically with you.
Specific Provisions for United States Residents
This section applies solely to all visitors, users, and others who reside in the US.
Any terms defined under US Privacy Laws have the same meaning when used in this section.
Additionally, as used under this section and the rest of this Policy, personal information is defined under applicable US Privacy Laws.
This chapter supersedes any contradicting provisions under the other sections of this policy.
We have collected the personal information related to you described above under the sections titled “
Categories of Personal Information You Provide Us
” and “
Categories of Personal Information that We Collect
” of this Policy. Such Information consists of the following categories:
Identifiers and personal information categories are listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding your interaction with the Website.
Commercial information, including products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Geolocation data, namely your physical location or movements.
Inferences are drawn from any of the above-mentioned information.
We obtain the categories of personal information related to you listed above from the following categories of sources:
Directly and indirectly from you and your activity on the Website.
Third parties such as reliable service providers.
We use the personal information related to you that we collect or receive for the purposes mentioned under the section “
What Do We Do With Personal Information
?” of this Policy.
We disclose personal information related to you to third parties for business purposes as described above under the section titled “
Who Do We Disclose, Share, or Sell Personal Information With?
”.
We do not sell personal information related to you.
Categories of Sensitive Personal Information
The Website is not intended to collect sensitive personal information (within the meaning of US Privacy Laws). We do not knowingly collect or allow others to collect sensitive personal information about you, and we require you not to provide us with any such data.
Selling and Sharing Personal Information
We do not sell or share personal information. However, we engage third parties to provide services such as analytics, marketing automation, and user experience and allow them to collect personal information on our Website.
We do not knowingly sell or share consumers’ personal information of children under 16 years of age.
The categories of personal information collected by these third parties in the preceding 12 months include identifiers, online activities, and inferences drawn from such activities.
These third parties do not pay us for collecting such information. Still, the right granted to them to collect personal information may be considered as disclosure for the purpose of sale or sharing for cross-context behavioral advertising. At any time, you can opt out of collecting personal information from our service providers by contacting us or visiting our
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Information
page.
Storing of Personal Information in the United States
In the United States, we store and process information from our Website, including personal information, either directly or using third parties, such as data hosting service providers. Digital Turbine has data centers in the United States.
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to ensure our Website is continuously improved and meets your needs. Please view our
Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies Policy
for more information on our use of cookies.
Information Security
Digital Turbine is committed to ensuring the security of personal information. We and our hosting services implement systems, applications, and procedures to secure personal information related to you to minimize the risks of theft, damage, loss of information, or unauthorized access or use of information. These measures provide sound industry-standard security.
However, please understand that no security system is impenetrable. Although we make efforts to protect your privacy, we cannot guarantee that the Website will be immune from any wrongdoings, malfunctions, unlawful interceptions or access, or other kinds of abuse and misuse.
Dispute Resolution
We do periodical assessments of our data processing and privacy practices to ensure that we comply with this policy, update the policy when we believe that we need to, and verify that we display the policy properly and in an accessible manner. If you have any concerns about how we process personal information related to you, you are welcome to contact our privacy team at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
or write to us.
We will look into your query and make good-faith efforts to resolve any existing or potential dispute with you.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
From time to time, we will update this policy. If the updates have minor, if any, consequences, they will take effect 14 days after we post a notice on the Website. Substantial changes will be effective 30 days after we initially posted the notice.
Until the new policy takes effect, if it materially reduces the protection of your privacy right under the then-existing policy, you can choose not to accept it and stop using our Website. Continuing to use the Website after the new policy takes effect means that you agree to the new policy. Note that if we need to adapt the policy to legal requirements, the new policy will become effective immediately or as required by law.
Incorporation to the Terms of Use
This policy is an integral part of the Digital Turbine
Terms of Use
or, if applicable, of any other service agreement between you (or the entity you are acting on its behalf) and us or any of our corporate affiliates.
Contact Us
Don’t hesitate to get in touch with us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
Sub-policy 3
https://www.applovin.com/privacy/:
Products
Axon
AI-powered recommendation engine
AppDiscovery
Acquire your ideal users
MAX
Monetize your app
SparkLabs
Create ads that perform
AppLovin Exchange
Reach your audience
Array
Increase value across customer’s lifecycle
Adjust
Measure your marketing
Wurl
Our streaming TV solution
Solutions
Increase ARPDAU
Grow Ad Inventory
Acquire App Users
Increase IAPs
Resources
Success Stories
Blog
Video Library
Guides and Reports
Glossary
Events
View all resources
More about us
Partners
Jobs
NEW
Press
About Us
Sign Up
Sign In
ENG
中文
日本語
한국어
Privacy Policy
Overview
Policies
Privacy Policy
隐私政策
Datenschutzerklärung
プライバシーポリシー
개인정보 보호 정책
Política de Privacidade
Politique de confidentialité
AppLovin Partners
AppLovin Policies for Publishers
AppLovin Policies for Demand Partners
AppLovin Array Privacy Policy
Terms
Terms of Use
使用协议条款
Vereinbarung über die Nutzungsbedingungen
利用規約
이용 약관 계약
Contrato de Termos de Uso
Accord sur les Conditions d’utilisation
DMCA Notice
End User License Agreement — Software
AppLovin Array Terms of Service
APPLOVIN PLATFORM DATA PROCESSING AGREEMENT
AppLovin Demand Partner Data Processing Agreement
Effective Date
: October 30, 2024
You can find the prior version
here
.
AppLovin Corporation (“we,” “us,” “our,” or “AppLovin”) operates a suite of tools for app developers and other businesses to automate and optimize the marketing and monetization of their platforms, products, or services by enabling the placement of different types of advertisements on digital properties including mobile apps, websites, and connected TV devices (collectively, the “Advertising Services” or “Services”).  As explained below, consumers interact with us in a few ways, primarily through advertisements served by AppLovin on behalf of advertisers.
The AppLovin Privacy Policy (this “Privacy Policy”) explains how we collect, use, and share information through our Services and advertising platform, and our corporate website at www.applovin.com (the “Website”), as well as your choices related to that information.
Contents
Our Advertising Services
Our Website
Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
Policy Changes
Contact Us
Our Advertising Services
This section describes the information we collect, use, and share through our Advertising Services.
General Information Collection and Use
If you are a consumer who downloads and uses an application which contains the AppLovin SDK or otherwise interacts with the Services through advertisements served within a digital property, we may collect certain information, including the following:
Device, App, and Browser Data
Device make, model, and operating system;
Device properties related to screen size, orientation, audio, battery, device memory usage, settings, and boot time;
Device settings related to accessibility features, font size, and theme;
Carrier;
Name and properties of mobile application through which a consumer interacts with the Services;
Country, time zone, and locale settings (country and preferred language);
Network connection type and speed;
IP Address;
Internet browser user-agent used to access the Services;
HTTP header information;
Advertising IDs (IDFA/GAID/Amazon FOSAID);
Vendor IDs (IDFV);
App Set IDs; and
Advertising and tracking preferences and restrictions.
Application publishers may choose to share with us additional information including your age or year of birth, gender, email, phone number, and interest segments for purposes of their own direct ad serving.  We do not retain this data or pass it downstream to advertising partners.  Please see the applicable publisher’s privacy policy for more information about their use of first party data.
Advertisers (through the advertiser itself or through a third party service provider on behalf of such advertiser) may also share transactional or “event” data related to a consumer’s interaction with an application, such as information about the actions taken in an application like purchases or application installations.
Information Collection and Use Specific
to
e-Commerce Ads Only
If you are a consumer who interacts with the Services through an e-commerce platform or a merchant website, we may collect certain additional information (that you provided to the e-commerce platform or merchant, through a third party’s API, our SDK, pixel, or other similar technologies), including the following:
User IDs;
Shopping browsing behavior (e.g., views) and search history;
Records of products purchased or considered (e.g., added to cart, check out);
Purchasing histories; and
Information regarding user interactions with advertising partners and their merchant partners’ sites and advertisements.
How We Collect Your Information
This information may be collected automatically across mobile apps and devices or received from third-parties across different technologies over time. We may also combine information we collect with other information we derive through analytical techniques, and we will use that combined information to offer the Services.
How We Use Your Information
We generally use the information we collect to:
Deliver the Services, maintain, and improve them, including our AI-powered advertising technology, and research and develop new ones;
Promote safety, security, and integrity of Services;
Provide measurement, analytics, and reporting; and
Comply with legal and regulatory obligations.
We use AI-powered advertising technology (sometimes referred to as “automated decision-making”) to help us improve our advertising products and Services and serve ads that are relevant and interesting to you. We use it in ways that do not produce legal or similarly significant effects on you (for example, by reordering how advertisements might appear when you visit a digital property such as a mobile app or a website).
Information Sharing
We may share information we collect or derive with third parties in the following contexts:
Service Providers.
We transfer information to service providers, and other partners who support our business, such as providing technical infrastructure services, analyzing how our Services are used, measuring the effectiveness of ads and services, providing customer service, or facilitating payments. These partners must adhere to strict confidentiality obligations in a way that is consistent with this Privacy Policy and the agreements we enter into with them.
Affiliates.
We may share information within the AppLovin family of companies for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Advertising Partners.
We share information with our third-party advertising partners, including advertisers, ad networks, exchanges, demand side platforms, merchants, other advertising partners (who aggregate their own demand sources), and ad optimization and measurement/attribution partners (e.g., mobile measurement partners or “MMPs”) to provide our clients with Advertising Services. This information may be used by such third-party partners to measure how effective ads are, show advertisements to end users for products and services that are more likely to appeal to them (a practice known as interest-based advertising or behavioral advertising), and to undertake web analytics to analyze traffic and other ad activity to improve the advertising experience.
Unless otherwise noted in our partner list, each AppLovin advertising partner is an independent controller of your data. You can view a list of AppLovin advertising partners with whom we share your data
here
, current as of the date listed at the top of that page.
If you do not want to receive interest-based advertisements, please see the
“Manage Your Privacy Choices”
section below. If you are located in the European Union, UK, or Switzerland, you may also see the
“Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals”
section below for more options. If you are an individual resident of the U.S. states that have enacted comprehensive consumer privacy laws, you may also review the “
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
” section below for more options.
Please note that the practices of our third-party advertising partners delivering advertisements through our Services are subject to those partners’ own privacy policies.
Regulatory or Legal Requirements.
We may disclose information to governmental regulatory authorities as required by law, including for tax or accounting purposes, in response to their requests for such information or to assist in investigations. We may also disclose personal information to third parties in connection with claims, disputes, or litigation, when otherwise required by law or court order.
Safety and Terms Enforcement.
We may disclose information if we determine, in our sole discretion, that its disclosure is necessary to protect the health, safety, or rights of you or any other person, protect against fraud, or enforce our legal rights, including contractual commitments made to us by third parties.
Business Transfers.
We may disclose personal information as part of an organizational business transaction, such as a merger, acquisition, joint venture, financing, or sale of organizational assets and may transfer personal information to a third party as one of the business assets in such a transaction. We may also disclose personal information in the event of insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership.
Manage Your Privacy Choices:
To limit collection of information from mobile devices, please visit your device’s settings to set the “Limit Ad Track” or other similar features on your device. Additionally, you may opt-out of interest-based advertising within ads served by AppLovin. For detailed instructions, see
How AppLovin Shows You Ads
. You can also make choices about data collection for certain companies by visiting an industry consumer choice platform such as the NAI (
https://optout.networkadvertising.org/
) or DAA (
https://optout.aboutads.info/
).  You may still receive ads after limiting processing of information for interest-based advertising, but those ads may be less relevant to your interests.
To see or manage the data collected by AppLovin from your device, you may download the AppLovin Privacy Management Application from the Apple or Google Play Stores:
By navigating through the tabs in the AppLovin Privacy Management Application, you can erase the personal information that AppLovin may have collected about you or request a copy of that personal information.
Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect personal information from, or serve advertisements to, children as defined and required by applicable laws. If you believe we have served an advertisement to a child or might have any personal information from or about a child, or if you believe a mobile application in which an AppLovin-served advertisement appeared may be designed for, directed to, or pass personal information knowingly from, children in violation of our policies, please contact us via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Data Security and Retention
We implement reasonable measures to help secure the information we collect through the Services. We retain the data we collect through the Services for up to 2 years. Information is automatically purged from our system if the Services do not receive any updated information for a device in the last 2 years. Note that we will retain information in our systems for as long as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
[END OF ADVERTISING SERVICES-SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
Our Website
This section describes the information we collect, use, and share through our Website.
Cookies and Other Similar Technology
The Website uses cookies, web beacons, or other similar technology to collect information for various purposes, including interest-based advertising. This information may include your IP address, device identifier, browser type, device type, the date and time of your visit, and the areas of the Website you visit. To learn more about and manage the cookies on this Website, please click “Cookie Settings” in our Website footer. You may also be able to limit the use of cookies through your browser settings. Note that certain parts of the Website may not function properly without cookies. Additionally, you may still receive ads after limiting processing of information for interest-based advertising, but those ads may be less relevant to your interests. If you erase your cookies, reset your device identifier, or use different browsers or devices, you may need to make your choices again.
We partner with Google Analytics to learn more about how you use our Website. For more information about how Google Analytics works you can visit
here
. To opt-out of Google Analytics, you can visit
here
and follow the instructions.
Additional Information Collection for Business Account Owners
When you register with AppLovin to use our Services, you may provide us with personal information such as your name, email address, phone number, mailing address, user name, and password. You may also provide us with payment information when you submit or receive a payment, or other information when you complete the online forms available on the Website. We may also acquire information from other trusted sources to update or supplement the information that you voluntarily provide to us or that we collect automatically.
How We Use Your Information
We may use the information we collect or you provide to us through the Website for various purposes, including:
To communicate with you, for example through newsletters or with other information about our products and services;
To operate and improve the Website and our Services;
To customize the Website;
For analytics and research;
For marketing purposes; and
For purposes disclosed at the time of collection.
Information Sharing
We may share information we collect through the Website in the following contexts:
With your consent;
For advertising and marketing purposes;
In response to a subpoena, court order, or other legal process;
To protect our rights and the rights of others;
With our affiliates;
With service providers that help us operate the Website and Services;
As part of a sale, merger, or acquisition, including at bankruptcy; and
For purposes disclosed at the time of collection.
Links to Other Websites
The Website may provide links to other websites or other digital properties that we do not control. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of those digital properties that you may visit.
Updating Information
You can update the personal information you provide to us by correcting, updating, or deleting the information associated with you via your AppLovin account. To add, modify, remove, or request access to the personal information about you that we hold, please see the
“Contact Us”
section below.
Your Marketing Choices
If you no longer wish to receive marketing-related emails from us on a going-forward basis, you may opt out of receiving these emails by clicking “Unsubscribe” at the bottom of any marketing email you receive from us or by emailing us at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Children
Our Website is not intended for use by children as defined and required by applicable law. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children through the Website. If you believe we might have any personal information from or about a child, please contact us via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Data Security and Retention
We have implemented reasonable physical, technical, and administrative security measures for the Website to help protect information we collect and store.
For detailed information regarding retention associated with cookies on the applovin.com domain, please click “Cookie Settings” in our Website footer to learn more.
We retain other information such as customer contact and payment information in our systems for as long as necessary as permitted by law to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
[END OF WEBSITE-SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals
If you are located in the European Union, United Kingdom, or Switzerland, the following additional provisions apply to you.
Data Privacy Framework
AppLovin complies with the EU-U.S Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.
AppLovin has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.  AppLovin has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
If you are an EU, UK, or Swiss individual, where we transfer your personal data to third party servicer providers (see above) who perform services for us or on our behalf, we are responsible for the processing of that data by them and shall remain liable if they process your personal data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Data Privacy Framework, AppLovin is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, AppLovin may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, AppLovin commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact AppLovin at
dataprotection@applovin.com
. AppLovin refers unresolved complaints to TRUSTe, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
for more information or to file a complaint.  These dispute resolution services are provided at no cost to you.
For complaints regarding DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms, you have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration. Further information can be found on the official DPF website.
Lawful Basis for Processing
On certain occasions, we process your personal data when it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party, such as to provide services to you. We may also process your personal data to respond to your inquiries concerning our products and services.
On other occasions, we process your personal data where required by law. We may also process your personal data if necessary to protect your interests or the interests of a third party.
Additionally, we process your personal data when necessary to do so for fraud prevention, improving our network and services, and marketing our services to advertisers and publishers, where these interests are not overridden by your data protection rights.
If the processing of your personal data is necessary, we will generally ensure that consent has been obtained from you if there is no other lawful basis for such processing. You have the right to withdraw your consent to processing of personal data at any time.
If personal data covered by this Privacy Policy is to be used for a new purpose that is materially different from that for which the personal data was originally collected or subsequently authorized, or is to be disclosed to a non-agent third party in a manner not specified in this Privacy Policy, we will provide you with an opportunity to choose whether to have your personal data so used or disclosed. Requests to opt out of such uses or disclosures of personal data should be sent to us as specified in the “Contact” section below. Certain personal data, such as information about medical or health conditions, racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, is considered “Sensitive Information”. AppLovin does not collect or seek to elicit “Sensitive Information”.
For questions about data processing, please contact our Data Protection Officer. Visit the “Contact” section below for contact information.
Your Rights
If you are an individual in the EU, UK, or Switzerland, you are able:
To request access to the personal data we hold about you;
To request that we rectify or erase your personal data;
To request that we restrict or block the processing of your personal data;
Under certain circumstances, to receive personal data about you that we store and transmit to another without hindrance from us, including requesting that we provide your personal data directly to another, i.e., a right to data portability; and
Where we previously obtained your consent, to withdraw consent to processing your personal data.
To exercise these rights, please contact us at the email address set forth in the
“Contact Us”
section below.  Our Data Protection Officer can also be reached at this email address.  Please be aware that we may be unable to afford these rights to you under certain circumstances, such as if we are legally prevented from doing so.
In certain circumstances, you may appoint an authorized agent to exercise any rights that you may have on your behalf.  If you choose to exercise any rights through an authorized agent, you will need to verify your identity directly with us before we can process any requests.  In addition, we will need written documentation demonstrating the authorized agent’s authority to act on your behalf.
Additionally, you have the right to lodge a complaint against us. To do so, contact the supervisory authority in your country of residence.
EU and UK Privacy Representatives
We have appointed
Prighter Group
as our privacy representatives in the EU and UK.  You can contact us through our privacy representatives at the following addresses:
For residents of the EU
:
PrighterGDPR-Rep by Maetzler Rechtsanwalts GmbH & Co KG
c/o AppLovin Corporation
Kriegerstraße 44
30161 Hannover
Germany
For residents of the UK
:
PrighterUK-Rep by Prighter Ltd.
c/o AppLovin Corporation
20 Mortlake Mortlake High Street
London, SW14 8JN
United Kingdom
Additional information regarding our privacy representatives can be found at the following link:
https://prighter.com/q/19826057144
.
[END OF EU/UK/SWISS SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
Additional provisions for individual residents of the U.S. states that have enacted comprehensive consumer privacy laws are included in our
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
, which explains how those residents may exercise their privacy rights.
Policy Changes
We may, in our sole discretion, make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time in order to accommodate new technologies, industry practices, regulatory requirements, or for other purposes. If we make any changes, we will update the “Effective Date” posted at the top of this Privacy Policy. If we make any material changes, we may notify you by email (sent to the email address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on the Website prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically to ensure that you understand how we collect, use, and share information.
Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when the revised Privacy Policy is posted on the Website. By continuing to use the Website or Advertising Services following such changes, you are agreeing to accept the terms of the revised Privacy Policy.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please write to us at:
Data Protection Officer
AppLovin Corporation
1100 Page Mill Road
Palo Alto, CA 94304
You can also contact us or our Data Protection Officer via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Please be sure to include your relevant account information in any correspondence to us.  This will help ensure that we can respond to your inquiry in a timely manner.
If you have a customer care issue, please visit
AppLovin Support
.
Sub-policy 4
https://reklamup.com/privacy.php:
Privacy Policy
Arsus Technologies Ltd (“ReklamUp”, “we”, “us” or “our”) is a Google MCM (Multiple Customer Management) partner ad network that 
provides monetization services to websites and mobile apps.
ReklamUp is committed to being transparent about its data processes and the data collects.
Any data we collect is processed in accordance with regional privacy laws, including GDPR in Europe.
We provide website or app ads via Google Ad Exchange by using Google Ad Manager. See Google Ad Manager and AdX program policies
here
.
Data Collection and Use
If you are a visitor of the apps and websites that we monetize, we may collect certain non-personal, anonymized and 
aggregated information:
- Device model
- Operating system
- Name of website or mobile app
- Country
- City
- Internet connection type
- Internet browser
By collecting these information, we are able to deliver our services and improve them.
We do not collect nor process any personal data.
Data Sharing
We may share information we collect with:
- We may transfer information to our service providers, and other partners who support our business, such as providing 
technical infrastructure services, analyzing how our Services are used, measuring the effectiveness of ads and services, 
providing customer service, or facilitating payments.
- We may share your information to governmental regulatory authorities as required by law.
Manage Your Data
To limit collection of information and interest based advertising, you can opt out
here
.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection
We do not collect any personal data for children under the age of 13 (or 16 in some EU countries).
We may collect non-personal data such as device type or browser.
Security
We take all precautions to keep your information safe. We may keep your information for up to 2 years unless you want it to be deleted.
ReklamUp Website Privacy Policy
- We may collect personal information about you through our Service when you register for an account, such as your name, phone number, email address and payment information.
- We may also collect certain types of technical and usage information automatically, including through cookies and other similar tracking technologies. This information allows us to optimize our website.
- We collect this information with your explicit consent in accordance with GDPR article 6(1)(a) .
- We may use the information we collect through our website to communicate with you, to make payments and provide support.
- We only share your information with your consent or for legal purposes.
Cookies
Our website does not use cookies.
Your Rights
You can request the data we collect about you, request us to delete or update your data by contacting us.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about our privacy policy, please contact us at support@reklamup.com
Sub-policy 5
https://www.mintegral.com/en/privacy/:
PRIVACY POLICY
Privacy Policy of the Mintegral Services
Privacy Policy of Mintegral Website
PRIVACY POLICY
September 14
th
2024
Mintegral entities (for purpose of applicable data protection laws, Mintegral entities providing Mintegral Service which are subject to applicable disclosure requirements can be viewed
HERE
collectively, “Mintegral”, or “we”, “us”, “our”) provide this privacy policy to explain how we collect, use, and share information. This privacy policy (“Policy”) covers Mintegral’s handling of two types of information:
(1)Information we receive when we provide our service, including (i) device information about end users we collect through our software development kit (“SDK”), application programming interface (“API”), our platforms, services or technologies from traffic supply partners such as mobile app developer, ad exchange platform, supply-side platform, mediation platform; (ii) information about end users’ interaction with ads collect through our SDK, API or other technologies, or collected and transferred to us by our Business Partners (e.g. mobile app developers, advertisers, hereinafter referred to as “Business Partners”) or any third party designated by them; (iii) device information generated during end users’ use of our Business Partners’ mobile apps, websites, platforms or services and information collected and transferred to us by our Business Partners or any third party designated by them; (iv) information provided by Business Partners when they use Mintegral’s platforms, technologies, services. In the Privacy Policy of the Mintegral Services, the end users mentioned in this section are collectively referred to as “User”, “you” or “your”; the SDK, API, any technology, platform or service provided by Mintegral mentioned in this section are referred to as “Mintegral Service”.
Please click on the following link to access detail about
Protection for Minors
under the process of collecting this type of information
.
(2)Information we receive through the following websites from website visitors (hereinafter referred to as “Visitors”, “you” or “your”) in the Privacy Policy of Mintegral Website: (i) our website at:
www.mintegral.com
www.mintegral.net
or any other website on which this Policy is posted, as well as (ii) any website we provide to Business Partners or potential clients in order to provide our services.
Please click on the following link to access detail about
Protection of Minors
under the process of collecting this type of information.
This Policy is subject to any service agreement between Mintegral and you. By using the Mintegral Service or Mintegral Site, you acknowledge that you have read, understood and agreed to this Policy. Please review this Policy before using the Mintegral Service or the Mintegral Site.
We evaluate this Policy and procedures to implement improvements and refinements from time to time.We will review and update this Privacy Policy as necessary at least every 12 months.
Data protection and ensuring our Business Partners’ and your trust is at the core of Mintegral’s business principles. Accordingly, being compliance with applicable data protection laws is our top priority and this Policy is updated to be compliance with the applicable data protection laws, including but not limited to the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”),
the Brazilian General Data Protection Law (Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais) (“LGPD”), the any personal information protection law announced by Chinese governments
(“PIPL”)
, and
the US States Privacy Laws
(
“
US States Privacy Laws
”
)
including
California Customer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act ("VCDPA")
,
the Colorado Privacy Act
(
“CPA”
), t
he Utah Consumer Privacy Act
(
“UCPA”
),
the Connecticut Data Protection Act
(
“CDPA”
),
the
Oregon Consumer Privacy Act (“OCPA”)
, and
the Texas Data Privacy and Security Act (“TDPSA”)
.
For the purpose of this Policy, “Processor” means an “entrusted handler” under the PIPL, a “processor” under the
US States Privacy Laws, excluding CCPA
, and a “service provider” under the CCPA. “Controller” means a “personal information handler” under the PIPL, a “controller” under the
US States Privacy Laws, excluding CCPA
, and a “business” under the CCPA.
Privacy Policy of the Mintegral Services
1. Introduction
This Policy describes Mintegral’s information collection and use while (i) Users view ads served by the Mintegral Services or interact with Mintegral’s Services in any manner; (ii) Users interact with platforms, applications, websites or other services provided by Business Partners; (iii) Business Partners interact with Mintegral’s Service.
Except as explicitly stated in this Policy, Mintegral acts as a Controller under the GDPR when processing Users' personal information in the provision of Mintegral Services.
Our technology enables our partners to show Users more relevant advertising that is based on Users’ interests and behaviors. In order to provide Mintegral Services, we may collect and use certain information about User activity and preferences. We understand how important it is to keep such User’s personal information confidential and discrete, especially in today’s online world. To this end, we have designed this Policy in a format that is easy to navigate and read so that our privacy practices can be clearly understood.
The Mintegral Services may link to third party websites, Apps or other third party content. Please note that we cannot control the treatment of a User’s information by such third parties, and that the privacy practices of third parties likely differ from those described in this Policy.
2. How We Collect Users’ Information
Depending on the nature of a User’s interaction with the Mintegral Services, or any service provided by Mintegral’s Business Partners, we may collect information directly from such User or from our Business Partners (e.g. mobile application developers, ad exchange platforms, supply-side platform and advertisers). For example, (1) we may collect user information through SDK embedded in mobile apps; (2) our Business Partners such as ad exchange platform and supply-side platform may share user information with us when they initiates an ad request to our DSP; (3) our advertisers or their third-party attribution platforms may share user information with us.
Therefore, in the process of providing Mintegral's services, we have no direct contact with users. We will obtain authorized consent from users regarding the collection and use of personal information through Mintegral's business partners (e.g., mobile application developers or advertisers). In our cooperation agreements with Mintegral's business partners, we have required them to commit to and guarantee the legitimacy of the data source, and they will inform users of the specifics of our processing of personal information as required by applicable law and obtain valid consent from users (obtaining separate consent as required by applicable law if necessary), and guarantee that users can revoke such consent at any time.
3. Information We May Collect From Users
When you view ads served by Mintegral Service or interact with services provided by Mintegral’s Business Partners, we and/or our Business Partners may collect your information.
(1) The information we collect through our SDK may include the following types：
①
Location Information:
IP, Country, Time Zone and Locale Setting (include country information and preferred language).
②
Device ID/ Avertising ID:
IMEI, Android ID, OAID, IDFV, GAID
,
Ama
zon
ID
or MAC address
. We will not collect such information if you restrict your device or the app from acquiring device ID or advertising ID according to Article 7 of this Policy.
③
Device Information:
device make, device model, information of operating system, device type, information of screen, information of battery, device volume and font size, whether the it is an emulator, information of network, information of hardware, information of device sensor, Limited Ad Tracking (LAT) status, system boot time, device user name, information of storage capacity;
④
Application Information:
package name of the app of Mintegral’s Business Partners, whether it is downloaded from App Store, version and characteristic of the app used by you when you interact with Mintegral’s Service, SDK version, list of installed apps*;
Notes: For Users of Android device in Mainland China, after our SDK receives an ad offer from Advertisers/DSPs, we may check if you have installed the app promoted by our ad before showing this ad to you, and if you have already installed the app, we will not show this ad to you (“Impression-Filter”), and we will inform the service end not to serve this ad when the ad request is sent by your device in the future. Mintegral only collects information related to the ad which is Impression-Filtered, and Mintegral does not collect any other information related to any installed application.
⑤
Interactive Information:
when you view ads served by us or have other interaction with ads served by us, we may collect information about your interaction with such ads, for example, information that you have viewed or clicked an ad.
⑥
Others:
timestamp, device event information such as crashes, system activity, the date and time of your request and referral URL, user-agent.
(2)
When you install and use the product (e.g. app) after you view and click an ad served by us, we may collect information
f
rom a
dvertis
ers o
r
the
ir
att
rib
ution
mea
s
urem
ent
partn
ers
in
clu
ding
the fol
l
owin
g t
y
pes:
① Location information: IP address, country, city;
② Device/advertising ID: IMEI, OAID, IDFV, IDFA, GAID,
A
mazon
I
D
,
MAC address;
③ Device information: device manufacturer, device model, device operating system information, device language, device type, device network information, device operator;
④ Application information: application version;
⑤ Usage data: timestamp of when the installation event other other event occurred;
⑥ Other information: user agent.
TCF string.
Special note: The TCF string is a machine-readable string defined by IAB Europe that encodes your consent choices regarding the processing of your personal information by us. For more information about the TCF string, you can visit the
IAB Europe website
. Please note that we only collect your TCF string information when you are located in the European Economic Area (“EEA”).
We may also collect the following information from the mediation platforms that the advertiser works with:
① Location information: IP address, country, city;
② Device/advertising ID: IMEI, OAID, IDFV, IDFA, GAID,
A
mazon
I
D
,
MAC address;
③ Device information: device manufacturer, device model, device operating system information, device language, device type, device network information, device operator;
④ Application information: application package name;
⑤ Usage data: timestamp of the occurrence of the monetization event;
⑥ Other information: user agent.
(3) Where Mintegral acts as Demand Side Platform (“DSP”), the ad exchange platform or supply-side platform may share with us your personal information through API may include the following:
①
Location Information:
IP, Country, Time Zone and Locale Setting (include country information and preferred language).
②
Device ID/ Advertising ID:
IMEI, Android ID, OAID, IDFV, Mobile Ad Identifier such as Apple IDFA or Google Advertising ID,
A
mazon
I
D
,
MAC address.
③
Device Information:
device make, device model, information of operating system, device type, information of screen, information of network, Limited Ad Tracking (LAT) status;
④
Application Information:
version and characteristic of the app used by you when you interact with the Mintegral Services, user-agent;
⑤
Interactive Information:
we may also collect information about your interaction with ads served by us, such as information that you have viewed or clicked an ad;
⑥
Others:
other information transferred by the ad exchange platform or supply-side platform.
We cooperates with reputational ad exchange platforms and supply-side platform including Google Doubleclick Ad Exchange. The ad exchange platforms or the supply-side platform may receive an ad request containing your personal information and, to the extent permitted by applicable law or with User’s valid consent, transfer to Mintegral to build your profile, personalize your ad experience, and serve future ads you may see on the internet.
(4) As we provide Mintegral Service for our Business Partners, we may collect name, job title, email address, contact address and the account name and password used to access Mintegral websites, IP address of the individuals using Mintegral services on behalf of such Business Partners.
ABOUT SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION
Sensitive Personal Information refers to personal information that, once leaked or illegally used, will easily lead to infringement of the human dignity or harm to the personal or property safety of a natural person. The scope of sensitive personal information may vary pursuant to different applicable data protection law.
We will not collect your sensitive personal information without your consent. Our Business Partner will transmit or authorize us to process your sensitive personal information after notifying you the necessity of processing your sensitive personal information and the impact of your rights and interests with your consent.
4. How We Use Users’ Personal Information
We use your personal information for the following purpose:
Type
o
f Personal Information
Usage
Device Information
Including all types of personal information described in paragraphs (1) to (3) of Article 3 of this Policy
Basic business functions:
Your device might be distinguished from other devices based on information it automatically send. We use your personal information to display ads on your device through automatic decision making process. We use de-identification techniques and algorithms based on machine learning, model prediction, and more. Ads may be shown to you based on information we legally collected such as the content you’re viewing, the app you’re using, your approximate location, your device type and your device status. We may create tag, features and build profile about you and your interest. According to the calculation results of the recommendation algorithm based on the profile, we may show you personalized ads or behavioral ads which are relevant to you and customized to your inferred interests, preferences, approximate locations and other features. Our recommendation algorithm does not identify the true identity of a particular natural person.
We also perform secondary processing of aggregated data in accordance with data security technologies such as de-identification and anonymization, which are commonly implemented in the industry, to form a database of features and tags that cannot identify the true identity of a specific natural person, conduct group analysis, and optimize algorithm training models to better understand and analyze your usage trends and preferences in order to improve the quality of our Mintegral Services and develop our new products.
Extended Business Functions: Your device information will be used to collect information about the cause of application crashes for later crash problem solving.
Contact Information
Including all types of personal information described in paragraphs（4）of Article 3 of this Policy
We may collect and use personal information of Users who are representing our Business Partners to use Mintegral Service (e.g. employees of publishers or advertisers) for purpose of business contact and direct marking (e.g. sending marketing emails).
Sensitive Personal Information
/
We will not collect your sensitive personal information without your consent. Our Business Partners will transmit or authorize us to process your sensitive personal information after notifying you the necessity of processing your sensitive personal information and the impact of your rights and interests with your consent.
5. The Legal Basis for Our Processing of Users' Personal Information
(1) Where required by applicable laws, We have contractually agreed that our Business Partners (e.g. developer of mobile app integrated with Mintegral’s SDK, advertisers) will obtain consent of a user or their employees for and on our behalf for our processing of his/her personal information described in this Privacy Policy. A data subject can withdraw their consent at any time.
(2) According to the laws and regulations, the following are exceptions to obtaining the consent of the user:
① Necessary for the conclusion and performance of a contract with the data subject;
② Necessary to fulfill our legal obligations;
③ Necessary to respond to a public health emergency, or to protect the life, health, and property of the data subject in an emergency;
④For the implementation of news reporting, public opinion monitoring and other acts in the public interest, within a reasonable range of the handling of end-user personal information;
⑤In accordance with the provisions of applicable laws within a reasonable range to process the personal information disclosed by the data subject himself/herself or other personal information which has been lawfully disclosed.
(3) If you are located in the European Economic Area, we may use your personal information based on the "legitimate interests" set forth in the GDPR, in necessary cases. Our legitimate interests include: monitoring and preventing fraudulent activity, remove technical obstacles to system operation and ensuring systems and processes work properly and securely.
6. How We Share, Entrust the Processing, Transfer, Disclose And Transmit Users’ Personal Information
(1)
Sharing
We may share personal information collected by us with third parties for the following purposes and scenarios：
<
vertising agencies, ad attribution service providers, ad demand-side platforms
No.
Type of Third Parties
Information of Third Parties
Type of Information
Processing Purpose and Processing Method
1
Advertisers, advertising agencies, ad attribution service providers, ad demand-side platforms
See the list of Third Parties for details
①
Location Information:
IP, Country, Time Zone and Locale Setting (include country information and preferred language).
②
Device ID/ Avertising ID:
IMEI, IMSI, Android ID, OAID, IDFV, IDFA，GAID，Amazon ID  or MAC address. We will not collect such information if you restrict your device or the app from acquiring device ID or advertising ID according to Article 7 of this Policy.
③
Device Information:
device make, device model, information of operating system, device type, information of screen, information of battery, device volume and font size, whether the it is an emulator, information of network, information of hardware, information of device sensor, Limited Ad Tracking (LAT) status, system boot time, device user name, information of storage capacity;
④
Application Information:
package name of the app of Mintegral’s Business Partners, whether it is downloaded from App Store, version and characteristic of the app used by you when you interact with Mintegral’s Service, SDK version, list of installed apps*;
⑤
Interactive
Information:
when you view ads served by us or have other interaction with ads served by us, we may collect information about your interaction with such ads, for example, information that you have viewed or clicked an ad.
⑥
Others:
user-agent.
①for conducting advertising attribution and settlement with advertisers/advertising agencies. In relation to such processing activities of personal information, Mintegral acts as a Processor on behalf of the advertisers/advertising agencies to process Users' personal information;
②for monitoring the quality of advertising delivery;
③
for performing precise targeting.
2
Mintegral Affiliates
See the list of
Mintegral Affiliates
for details
including all types of personal information described in items (1) to (3) of Article 3 of this Policy
for internal data analysis among our affiliates to improve service quality and provide their clients with analytical services based on aggregate data;
3
See the list of
Mintegral Affiliates
for details
including all types of personal information described in items (4) of Article 3 of this Policy
for promoting the products or services of our affiliates to users.
Except as expressly stated in this Policy, we will not disclose User’s personal information to any third party without User’s consent.
We have agreed with the partners who have direct access to the user that the partner will inform the user of the above-mentioned third party information and obtain the user's separate consent.
We may also share aggregate or anonymous information with other third parties in accordance with the terms of this Policy.
(2)
Entrusted Processing
Type of Third Parties
Information of Third Parties
Type of Information
Processing Purpose and Processing Method
cloud service providers
See the cloud service providers
Including all types of personal information described in Article 3 of this Policy
① for responding to advertising requests;
② for ensuring systems and processes work properly and securely;
③ for purpose of data storage.
Except as expressly stated in this Privacy Policy, we do not entrust other third parties with the processing of Users' personal information.
(3)Assignmenet:
We will not transfer the user's personal information to any company, organization or individual, except in the following cases:
① W
e inform the user in advance of the type, purpose, manner and scope of the transfer of personal information and obtain the user's separate consent;
② In the event of a merger, separation, dissolution, bankruptcy, etc. that requires the transfer of personal information, we will inform the user of the name and contact information of the recipient and request the recipient to continue to perform the obligations of the processor of personal information. If the recipient changes the original purpose or method of processing, we will ask the recipient to obtain the user's consent again.
(4)Public Disclosure
We do not publicly disclose the personal information of end users, except in the following cases:
① After informing the user of the type, purpose, manner and scope of the personal information to be publicly disclosed and obtaining the user's separate consent;
② When compelled by laws, regulations, legal proceedings, litigation or government authorities.
(5) International Transfers
When you are located in the European Econocim Area (“EEA”), personal information collected about you will be transferred to recipients in countries located outside the EEA or can be remotely accessed in countries located outside the EEA, including in countries which may not be decided by the European Commission that it provides an adequate level of protection to personal information. We have followed requirements as set out in applicable law to provide adequate protection to your personal data. To the extent as required by applicable law, our Business Partner will obtain your valid consent to the extent for us to transfer your personal information to recipients including Mintegral’s affiliates and any other recipients as described in this Policy, which are located outside the EEA. You are entitled to withdraw your consent at any time.
Mintegral has entered into EU standard contractual clauses (“Model Contracts”) for intra-group transfers of personal information to its affiliates. You can request a copy of these Model Contracts by submitting your request via email to privacy@mintegral.com
If you are located in the mainland of the People's Republic of China, the personal information we collect about you under this Privacy Policy will be stored in the mainland of the People's Republic of China.
We will not transfer your personal information outside of the mainland of the People's Republic of China. If our business partners transfer your personal information overseas, they shall be solely responsible for fulfilling the compliance obligations related to data transfer. They should inform you of the name or identity, contact information, processing purposes, processing methods, types of personal information, and the ways and procedures for exercising your legal rights towards the overseas recipients. They should obtain your separate consent, fulfill the evaluation process as required by laws and regulations, and meet other conditions specified by applicable laws and regulations.
7. Your Data Rights
If you are in the EEA, you have a right to (subject to a limited number of exceptions as permitted by GDPR): (i) request access to and rectification or erasure of your personal information; (ii) obtain restriction of processing or to object to processing of your personal information; and (iii) ask for a copy of your personal information to be provided to them, or a third party, in a digital format. You also have the right to lodge a complaint about the processing of your personal information with your local data protection authority in the EEA.
If you are residents of the State of California in the United States, you can request the following information about how we have collected and used your personal information during the past 12 months:
The categories of Personal Information we have collected.
The categories of sources from which we collected the Personal Information.
The business or commercial purpose for collecting,  selling or sharing Personal Information.
The categories of third parties with whom we disclose the Personal Information.
The categories of Personal Information that we sold, shared or disclosed for a business purpose.
The categories of third parties to whom the Personal Information was sold, shared or disclosed for a business purpose.
Access. You can request a copy of the Personal Information that we have collected about you during the past 12 months.
You can ask us to delete the Personal Information that we have collected from you.
You can ask us to correct inaccuracies of your Personal Information.
You are entitled to exercise the rights described above free from discrimination as prohibited by the CCPA.You may (i) submit requests to exercise your California privacy rights described above by writing to us at:
privacy@mintegral.com
or send a written document to the following address: Legal Department, Room 4312, No. 222-3 Xingmin Road, Tianhe District, Guangzhou City, Guangdong Province, China; (ii) o
pt out of selling or sharing of your data by clicking on the following link:
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY DATA
and (iii) submit requests to restrict the use of your sensitive Personal Information by writing to us at:
privacy@mintegral.com
.
When you submit a request we will verify your request by the information you provide (e.g. device ID, company email) according to our internal guidelines. You may designate an authorized agent to make a request to know or a request to delete your personal information by providing the authorized agent written permission to do so; and by verifying your own identity with us directly.  We will deny any requests from agents that do not submit proof of authorization. For request metrics as designated by the CCPA, please see
here
.
We have sold (as defined under the CCPA) the following categories of Personal Information to the following categories of third parties: please see column “Type of Information” and column “Type of Third Parties” of the 1
st
line under Article 6(1) (“Sharing”) of this Policy. We do not sell Personal Information of minors under the age of 16 without affirmative authorization.
You can also find a list of the categories of Personal Information that we collect in the
“Information We May Collect From Users”
section above. For details regarding the sources from which we obtain personal information, please see the
“How We Collect Users’ Information”
section above. We collect and use personal information for the business or commercial purposes described in the
“How We Use Users’ Personal Information”
section above.
If you are
(i)
a resident of the State of Virginia in the United States, effective January 1, 2023,
(ii)
a resident of the State of Colorado
in the
United States, effective July 1, 2023,
(iii)
a resident of the State of Connecticut
in the
United States, effective July 1, 2023
,
or
(
iv
)
a resident of the State of
Texas in the
United States, effective July 1, 202
4,
you may exercise the following personal information rights with us.
to confirm whether we are processing your personal information and to access that personal information;
to correct any inaccuracies in your personal information;
to delete your personal information;
to obtain a copy of the personal information you have provided to us; and
to request a refusal to allow us to process your personal information for the purposes of (i) personalized advertising, (ii) selling your personal information, or (iii) user profiling that has significant legal or similar implications for you.
As set forth in the VCDPA,
CPA, CDPA
, and
TDPSA
you have the right to exercise the above rights without discrimination.
You may (i) exercise your rights to personal information as described above by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com
and (ii) click on this
link
to refuse personalized advertising, refuse the sale of your personal information, and refuse user profiles that have a significant legal or similar impact on you. If you fail to provide valid information for our effective feedback, etc. when exercising your rights as described above, we may deny your right to exercise your rights. If you have any dispute on such denial, you may raise such dispute by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com
.
If you are a resident of the State of Utah in the United States, effective December 31, 2023, you may exercise the following personal information rights with us.
to confirm whether we are processing your personal information and to access that personal information;
to delete your personal information;
to obtain a copy of the personal information you have provided to us; and
to request a refusal to allow us to process your personal information for the purposes of (i) personalized advertising, or (ii) selling your personal information.
As set forth in the UCPA you have the right to exercise the above rights without discrimination.
You may exercise your rights to personal information as described above by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com
. If you fail to provide valid information for our effective feedback, etc. when exercising your rights as described above, we may deny your right to exercise your rights. If you have any dispute on such denial, you may raise such dispute by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com
.
If you are a resident of the State of Oregon in the United States, effective July 1, 2024, you may exercise the following personal information rights with us.
a. to confirm whether we are processing your personal information and to access that personal information;
b. to obtain a list of third parties to whom we disclose personal information;
c. to correct any inaccuracies in your personal information;
d. to delete your personal information;
e. to obtain a copy of the personal information you have provided to us; and
f. to request a refusal to allow us to process your personal information for the purposes of (i) personalized advertising, (ii) selling your personal information, or (iii) user profiling that has significant legal or similar implications for you.
As set forth in the OCPA you have the right to exercise the above rights without discrimination.
You may (i) exercise your rights to personal information as described above by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com
and (ii) click on this
link
to refuse personalized advertising, refuse the sale of your personal information, and refuse user profiles that have a significant legal or similar impact on you. If you fail to provide valid information for our effective feedback, etc. when exercising your rights as described above, we may deny your right to exercise your rights. If you have any dispute on such denial, you may raise such dispute by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com
.
If you are in the mainland areas of China, you have the following rights related to your personal information except when laws and administrative regulations otherwise provide.
(1)Right to be informed, right to decide and right to restrict or refuse processing of your personal information.
(2)Right to access and copy your personal information except in special circumstance provided by law.
(3)Right to request to transfer your personal information to another data handler.
(4)Right to request to revise and supplement your personal information when you notice that the personal information we process is inaccurate or incomplete.
(5)Right to delete your personal information in the following circumstances:
Where the purpose of processing has been achieved or is unable to be achieved, or the personal information is no longer necessary for achieving the purpose of processing;
Where Mintegral ceases the provision of its product or service involved, or the retention period has expired;
Where consent is withdrawn by the User;
Where the processing of personal information by Mintegral is in violation of any law, administrative regulations or any agreement; or
Any other circumstance as provided by law or administrative regulations.
If it is technically difficult to delete the personal information, Mintegral shall cease the processing of the personal information, except for the storage and any necessary measure taken for security protection.
(6)For the algorithmic services we provide, you have the right to select or delete user tags for your personal characteristics used for such services.
(7)You have the right to request an explanation of this Policy.
You can contact us via
privacy@mintegral.com
and request your data rights.
Setting about Personalized Ads
If you are in the mainland areas of China, you can manage Mintegral’s ads your see and set for the personalized ads by clicking
here
.
No matter you are in which country or region, you can opt out personalized ads in the following way:
Guidance of Opt out
You can opt-out from receiving interest-based advertising or behavioural advertising from Mintegral on supported devices following the guideline below.
On an iOS device, if you are using iOS 14.5 or above, you can click on "Ask the App Not to Track" in the app's asking pop-up window or manage your "Tracking" settings in [Settings] - [Privacy] . If you ask the App not to track, Mintegral will not access your advertising identifiers and will not use advertising identifiers to infer your interests or serve advertisements to target devices based on your inferred interests.
On Android devices, your settings may allow you to “Opt out of Interest-Based Ads.” When you opt out using this setting on a device, Mintegral will not use information collected from that device to infer your interests or serve ads to that device that are targeted based on your inferred interests.
You can also manage your personalized advertising settings by clicking on the [Settings] section of the mobile app you have downloaded to find privacy-related settings. If you choose not to allow personalized advertising, Mintegral will not use information collected from your device to infer your interests or serve ads to target devices based on inferred interests.
Your mobile web browser may also provide a “Do Not Track” browser setting. When you have enabled this setting in your browser, Mintegral will not use mobile web browsing information from that browser to infer your interests or serve ads to that device that are targeting based on your inferred interests.
8. Security of Users’ Personal Information
The security of User’s information is our utmost priority, and we take strict measures in order to protect our data from unauthorized access, use, disclosure or destruction of data. We have implemented physical, technical and administrative security measures for the Services that comply with applicable laws and industry standards. For example, we use firewalls, encryption technology and other automated software designed to protect against fraud and identity theft; our data is only stored in centers that provide high-level security for User’s information. Physical access is strictly controlled both at the perimeter and at building ingress points by our staff utilizing video surveillance and other electronic means. We will establish a dedicated security team, security management system, and data security process to safeguard the security of your personal information. We adopt a strict data use and access system to ensure that only authorized personnel have access to your personal information, and conduct security audits of data and technology when appropriate. We will develop emergency handling plans and activate them immediately in the event of a user information security incident, in an effort to prevent the expansion of the impact and consequences of such security incidents. Once a user information security incident (leakage, loss, etc.) has occurred, we will promptly inform you in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations.
We also protect User’s privacy by seeking to minimize the amount of sensitive data that we store on our servers in the first place. We also seek appropriate contractual protection from our partners regarding their treatment of user data.
At present, Mintegral programmatic interactive advertising platform has passed the national information security level protection (Level 3) assessment and record, and passed the international authoritative ISO27001 information security certification and SOC 2 Type 1 and Type 2 audits. mintegral also passed the ePrivacy privacy protection certification of the famous European privacy protection certification agency Mintegral has also been certified by the kidSAFE Seal Program under the U.S. Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, which means that Mintegral's programmatic interactive advertising platform is certified as compliant with GDPR regulations and effective in safeguarding user privacy. Mintegral has been certified by TrustArc, an authoritative privacy and security certification authority, as compliant with CPPA requirements for Mintegral's handling of customer and end-user personal data, further demonstrating that Mintegral's services provide comprehensive privacy protection for customers and end-device users. Users provide comprehensive privacy protection.
Mintegral participates in the IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework and complies with its Specifications and Policies, Mintegral’s identification number within the framework is [Vendor ID: 867].
Mintegral may retain the information relating to you collected from our Business Partners as necessary for the provision of the services, internal analytical purposes, or to comply with its legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce agreements (e.g. settlement). We will only keep your personal information for as long as necessary and in any event in relation to personal information collected by us according to this Policy we will only keep this personal information for no more than two (2) years. The criteria used to determine the retention periods include: (i) how long the personal data is needed to provide the services and operate the business; (ii) the type of personal data collected; and (iii) whether we are subject to a legal, contractual or similar obligation to retain the data (e.g., mandatory data retention laws, government orders to preserve data relevant to an investigation, or data that must be retained for the purposes of litigation or disputes).
9. Protection for Minors
Mintegral’s service is not mainly for minors. If a User is deemed as minor under applicable law, please make sure that before the use of the application which integrates Mintegral’s product or service or the application of an advertiser that partners with Mintegral for delivering its ads, parents or other guardian and such User have together read the application’s privacy policy with the guardianship and guiding of parents or other guardian, and their consent have been provided for processing of personal information.
We process minor’s personal information according to requirements of related laws and regulations. Except as otherwise provided by law, we will only collect, use, store, disclose, or make available to the public the personal information where permitted by law, with consent of parents or other guardians, or for the necessity of protection of the minors. If we notice the collection of personal information of minors without verifiable consent of parents, we will take measures to delete related information as soon as possible.
If you are parents or other guardian of minors, please contact us via the email we provide in this Policy when you have any question regarding to the protection of minors.
If you are Users in the U.S., we ensure that we comply with COPPA. If our business partners (such as Publishers) operate apps directed to children under the age of thirteen (13) or knowingly collect, use or disclose personal information of children under the age of thirteen (13) during our cooperation, they will obtain verifiable parental consent for Mintegral to collect, use or disclose such personal information according to this Policy. Further, such business partners must enable the COPPA settings when using the Mintegral Services. This allows Mintegral to ensure that any persistent identifiers collected about Users of apps that are flagged as “child-directed” will be processed according to the requirements of COPPA, including not being used to serve behaviorally-targeted ads or track users for such purposes in violation of COPPA. In addition, we will not knowingly collect any other personal information (such as the precise geo-location of Users’ devices) from Users of Apps that we know to be directed to children under the age of thirteen (13).
If you are Users in California U.S.,we ensure that we comply with CCPA. We will not sell or conduct targeted advertising with the data of consumers under the age of 16, unless there is explicit opt-in consent. If the request for consent is declined, we will not ask again for 12 months. Minors under the age of 13 must get permission from a parent or guardian to opt-in.
If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should promptly contact us and we take reasonable steps to ensure that such information is deleted from our files.
10. Marketing
If you are our Business Partners, we or our affiliates may contact you periodically by e-mail to provide information regarding our products, services and content that may be of interest to you. If applicable law requires that we receive your consent before we send you certain types of marketing communications, we will only send you those types of communications after receiving your consent.
If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such communications from us, you may follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the communications or request to be opted-out of receiving such communications via email to
privacy@mintegral.com
11. Contact Us
If you are located in mainland China, you can (i) send a written request to privacy@mintegral.com or send written documents to the following address: Legal Department, Room 4312, No. 222 Xingmin Road, Tianhe District, Guangzhou, Guangdong Province, China.
If you are located outside mainland China, you can (i) contact our DPO by sending a written request to privacy@mintegral.com. You can also contact our data protection representative in the EEA, Eurocore B.V., with address: Hullenbergweg 278, 1101BV Amsterdam.
Privacy Policy of Mintegral Website
1. Introduction
This Privacy Policy of Mintegral Website applies to information collection and use including while you are visiting and using the Mintegral Site. According to the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), Mintegral is the data controller of your personal information.
2. What Information We Collect
As you navigate through this Mintegral Site, we may collect information include:
(1)
personal information you voluntarily provide (for example, names, birth dates, numbers or copies of your personal ID card/passport/social security card/driver's license/other license, addresses, telephone numbers, E-mail addresses, occupations, education, work experience, account log-in information, debit or credit card or other payment account information and related information).
Among them, numbers or copies of your personal ID card/passport/social security card/driver's license/other license may constitute sensitive personal information under the definition of CCPA; debit or credit card or other collection account information may constitute sensitive personal information under the definition of CCPA and China Personal Information Protection Law.
(2) s
ome information that are not voluntarily provided such as your browser type, domain name, IP address, pages visited, and the length of your user session using various technologies and means, such as Internet Protocol Address, cookies, Internet Tags and navigational data collection.
Mintegral is entitled to take measures to validate the authenticity of personal information you provide.
If you give us personal information of somebody else, you should warrant that you have gained their permission to do so.
If you are located in mainland China, we may use the Baidu Statistics Service provided by Baidu.com to help us analyze our website usage and help improve the quality of our website services. For more information about the information collected by Baidu's statistical services and its data processing activities, please visit:
Here
If you are located outside of mainland China, We may also use Google Analysis that assists us with analysing the usage of our website and help to improve the service quality of our website. For the personal information that may be collected by Google Analysis and its processing activities, please visit:
Here
3. How We Use Your Information
Based on your consent or based on our legitimate interests, we may use your personal information for the following purposes: (i) to provide you with Mintegral’s products or services or information; (ii) to sign you up for an event or training; (iii) to contact you and respond to your requests and enquiries; (iv) for business administration, including statistical analysis; (v) to personalize your visit to the Mintegral Site and to assist you while you use the Site; (vi) to improve the Mintegral Site by helping us understand who uses the Site; or (vii) to periodically provide you with information about our products and services and content that may be of interest to you by email.
If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such communications from us, you may follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the emails or request to be opted-out of receiving such communications via email to
privacy@mintegral.com
4. Disclosure of Your Personal Information
Subject to compliance with applicable laws and regulations, we may disclose User’s personal information to
Mintegral’s Affiliates
and other third parties.
We may use
Third-party Technology Service Providers
to provide us with services who may have access to your personal information, including
companies
that assist with technical aspects of hosting and operating the Mintegral Site, technical service provider  that assists with analyzing the usage of our website, or email service provider.
(please see our
Cookies Policy
for details).
Except as expressly stated in this Policy, according to the Personal Information Protection Law of the People's Republic of China, we will not disclose User’s personal information to any third party without User’s consent.
We may also share aggregate or anonymous information with other third parties in accordance with the terms of this Policy.
We may disclose users' personal information to our affiliates for the purposes set out in this Policy or to promote the products or services of our affiliates to users.
The servers used in the operation of the Mintegral Site automatically identify a computer by its IP address. Although, we will not be able to identify the computer using its IP address once you have left the Mintegral Site. If we, in good faith, determine that you have or are attempting to misuse or harm the Site, we may investigate and cooperate with appropriate law enforcement agencies to protect our rights or property.
Similarly, we may share your personal information as required or permitted by law to comply with a subpoena or similar legal process or government request, or when we believe in good faith that disclosure is legally required or otherwise necessary to protect our rights and property, or the rights, property or safety of others, including to advisers, law enforcement agencies, judicial and regulatory authorities. We may also transfer your personal information to a third party that acquires all or part of our assets or shares, or that succeeds us in carrying on all or a part of our business, whether by merger, acquisition, reorganization or otherwise.
5. International Transfers
When you are located in the European Econocim Area (“EEA”), personal information collected about you will be transferred to recipients in countries located outside the EEA or can be remotely accessed in countries located outside the EEA, including in countries which may not be decided by the European Commission that it provides an adequate level of protection to personal information. We have followed requirements as set out in applicable law to provide adequate protection to your personal data. To the extent as required by applicable law, our Business Partner will obtain your valid consent
to the extent for us to transfer your personal information to recipients including Mintegral’s affiliates and any other recipients as described in this Policy, which are located outside the EEA.
You are entitled to withdraw your consent at any time.
Mintegral has entered into EU standard contractual clauses (
“Model Contracts”
) for intra-group transfers of personal information to its affiliates. You can request a copy of these Model Contracts by submitting your request via email to
privacy@mintegral.com
If you are located in the mainland areas of China, we store your personal information inside the mainland areas of China.
We will not transfer your personal information outside of the mainland areas of China.
6. Your Data Rights
You have the right to access, modify, correct or delete any personal data which we may have collected. To exercise this right please contact privacy
privacy@mintegral.com
If you are in the EEA, you have a right to (subject to a limited number of exceptions): (i) request access to and rectification or erasure of your personal information; (ii) obtain restriction of processing or to object to processing of your personal information; and (iii) ask for a copy of your personal information to be provided to them, or a third party, in a digital format. You also have the right to lodge a complaint about the processing of your personal information with your local data protection authority in the EEA.
If you are residents of the State of California in the United States, you can request the following information about how we have collected and used your personal information during the past 12 months:
The categories of Personal Information we have collected.
The categories of sources from which we collected the Personal Information.
The business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling or sharing Personal Information.
The categories of third parties with whom we disclose the Personal Information.
The categories of Personal Information that we sold, shared or disclosed for a business purpose.
The categories of third parties to whom the Personal Information was sold, shared or disclosed for a business purpose.
Access. You can request a copy of the Personal Information that we have collected about you during the past 12 months.
You can ask us to delete the Personal Information that we have collected from you.
You can ask us to correct inaccuracies of your Personal Information.
You are entitled to exercise the rights described above free from discrimination as prohibited by the CCPA.You may (i) submit requests to exercise your California privacy rights described above by writing to us at:
privacy@mintegral.com
or send a written document to the following address: Legal Department, Room 4312, No. 222-3 Xingmin Road, Tianhe District, Guangzhou City, Guangdong Province, China; (ii) opt out of selling
or sharing
of your data by clicking on the following link:
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY DATA
and (iii) submit requests to restrict the use of your sensitive Personal Information by writing to us at:
privacy@mintegral.com
.
When you submit a request we will verify your request by the information you provide (e.g. device ID, company email) according to our internal guidelines. You may designate an authorized agent to make a request to know or a request to delete your personal information by providing the authorized agent written permission to do so; and by verifying your own identity with us directly.  We will deny any requests from agents that do not submit proof of authorization. For request metrics as designated by the CCPA, please see
here
.
For clarity, we do not sell or share (as defined under the CCPA) your Personal Information.
You can also find a list of the categories of Personal Information that we collect and details regarding the sources from which we obtain Personal Information in the “
What Information We Collect
” section above. We collect and use personal information for the business or commercial purposes described in the “
How We Use Your Personal Information
” section above.
If you are (i) a resident of the State of Virginia in the United States, effective January 1, 2023, (ii) a resident of the State of Colorado in the United States, effective July 1, 2023, (iii) a resident of the State of Connecticut in the United States, effective July 1, 2023, or (iv) a resident of the State of Texas in the United States, effective July 1, 2024, you may exercise the following personal information rights with us:
to confirm whether we are processing your personal information and to access that personal information;
to correct any inaccuracies in your personal information;
to delete your personal information;
to obtain a copy of the personal information you have provided to us; and
to request a refusal to allow us to process your personal information for the purposes of (i) personalized advertising, (ii) selling your personal information, or (iii) user profiling that has significant legal or similar implications for you.
As set forth in the VCDPA,
CPA, CDPA
, and
TDPSA
you have the right to exercise the above rights without discrimination.
You may (i) exercise your rights to personal information as described above by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com
and (ii) click on this
link
to refuse personalized advertising, refuse the sale of your personal information, and refuse user profiles that have a significant legal or similar impact on you. If you fail to provide valid information for our effective feedback, etc. when exercising your rights as described above, we may deny your right to exercise your rights. If you have any dispute on such denial, you may raise such dispute by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com
.
If you are a resident of the State of Utah in the United States, effective December 31, 2023, you may exercise the following personal information rights with us.
to confirm whether we are processing your personal information and to access that personal information;
to delete your personal information;
to obtain a copy of the personal information you have provided to us; and
to request a refusal to allow us to process your personal information for the purposes of (i) personalized advertising, or (ii) selling your personal information.
As set forth in the UCPA you have the right to exercise the above rights without discrimination.
You may exercise your rights to personal information as described above by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com.
If you fail to provide valid information for our effective feedback, etc. when exercising your rights as described above, we may deny your right to exercise your rights. If you have any dispute on such denial, you may raise such dispute by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com.
If you are a resident of the State of Oregon in the United States, effective July 1, 2024, you may exercise the following personal information rights with us.
to confirm whether we are processing your personal information and to access that personal information;
to obtain a list of third parties to whom we disclose personal information;
to correct any inaccuracies in your personal information;
to delete your personal information;
to obtain a copy of the personal information you have provided to us; and
to request a refusal to allow us to process your personal information for the purposes of (i) personalized advertising, (ii) selling your personal information, or (iii) user profiling that has significant legal or similar implications for you.
As set forth in the OCPA you have the right to exercise the above rights without discrimination.
You may (i) exercise your rights to personal information as described above by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com
and (ii) click on this
link
to refuse personalized advertising, refuse the sale of your personal information, and refuse user profiles that have a significant legal or similar impact on you. If you fail to provide valid information for our effective feedback, etc. when exercising your rights as described above, we may deny your right to exercise your rights. If you have any dispute on such denial, you may raise such dispute by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com
.
If you are in the mainland areas of China, you have the following rights related to your personal information except when laws and administrative regulations otherwise provide.
(1)Right to be informed, right to decide and right to restrict or refuse processing of your personal information.(2)Right to access and copy your personal information except in special circumstance provided by law.(3)Right to request to transfer your personal information to another data handler.(4)Right to request to revise and supplement your personal information when you notice that the personal information we process is inaccurate or incomplete.(5)Right to delete your personal information in the following circumstances:
Where the purpose of processing has been achieved or is unable to be achieved, or the personal information is no longer necessary for achieving the purpose of processing;
Where Mintegral ceases the provision of its product or service involved, or the retention period has expired;
Where consent is withdrawn by the User;
Where the processing of personal information by Mintegral is in violation of any law, administrative regulations or any agreement; or
Any other circumstance as provided by law or administrative regulations.
If it is technically difficult to delete the personal information, Mintegral shall cease the processing of the personal information, except for the storage and any necessary measure taken for security protection.
(6)You have the right to request an explain of this Policy.
You can contact us via
privacy@mintegral.com
and request your data rights.
7. Security of Your Personal Information
The security of User’s information is our utmost priority, and we take strict measures in order to protect our data from unauthorized access, use, disclosure or destruction of data. We have implemented physical, technical and administrative security measures for the Services that comply with applicable laws and industry standards. For example, we use firewalls, encryption technology and other automated software designed to protect against fraud and identity theft; our data is only stored in centers that provide high-level security for User’s information. Physical access is strictly controlled both at the perimeter and at building ingress points by our staff utilizing video surveillance and other electronic means.
We also protect User’s privacy by seeking to minimize the amount of sensitive data that we store on our servers in the first place. We also seek appropriate contractual protection from our partners regarding their treatment of user data.
We will only keep your personal information for as long as necessary and in any event in relation to personal information collected by us on the Site we will only keep this personal information for one (1) year. For personal information collected via Google Analytics the following retention periods apply:
Here
8. Protection of Minors
The Site does not knowingly collect any personal information from minors. The personal information of any minor you provide shall be agreed by the minor’s parent or guardian in advance. Minor is defined in accordance with the laws applicable to this Policy of Mintegral Website.
We process minor’s personal information according to requirements of related laws and regulations. Except as otherwise provided by law, we will only collect, use, store, disclose, or make available to the public the personal information where permitted by law, with consent of parents or other guardians, or for the necessity of protection of the minors. If we notice the collection of personal information of minors without verifiable consent of parents, we will take measures to delete related information as soon as possible.
If you are parents or other guardian of minors, please contact us via the email we provide in this Policy when you have any question regarding to the protection of minors.
If you are Users in the U.S., we ensure that we comply with COPPA. If our business partners (such as Publishers) operate apps directed to children under the age of thirteen (13) or knowingly collect, use or disclose personal information of children under the age of thirteen (13) during our cooperation, they will obtain verifiable parental consent for Mintegral to collect, use or disclose such personal information according to this Policy. Further, such business partners must enable the COPPA settings when using the Mintegral Services. This allows Mintegral to ensure that any persistent identifiers collected about Users of apps that are flagged as “child-directed” will be processed according to the requirements of COPPA, including not being used to serve behaviorally-targeted ads or track users for such purposes in violation of COPPA. In addition, we will not knowingly collect any other personal information (such as the precise geo-location of Users’ devices) from Users of Apps that we know to be directed to children under the age of thirteen (13).
If you are Users in California U.S.,we ensure that we comply with CCPA. We will not sell or conduct targeted advertising with the data of consumers under the age of 16, unless there is explicit opt-in consent. If the request for consent is declined, we will not ask again for 12 months. Minors under the age of 13 must get permission from a parent or guardian to opt-in.
If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should promptly contact us and we take reasonable steps to ensure that such information is deleted from our files.
9. Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Mintegral may use cookies or other technology (collectively “Cookies”) to collect certain information about you when you are visiting the Site. Please read our
Cookies Policy
for more details.
10. Outside Sites and Linking
The Site may contain links and pointers to other sites on the Internet that are owned or operated by third party vendors and other third parties (the “
Outside Sites
“). Mintegral is not responsible for the availability of, or the content located on or through, any Outside Site, including any webcasting or other form of transmission received from any Outside Sites. You should contact the site administrator or Webmaster for those Outside Sites if you have any concerns regarding such links or the content located on such Outside Sites. Mintegral permits certain third party links to the home page of its Site, provided that Mintegral is provided with notice of such links and does not thereafter object to such linking. Mintegral a reserves the right to revoke unilaterally any consent that it may at any time give to any linkage, including linkages to the home page. The Outside Sites are being provided to you only as a convenience and any link or pointer contained on this Site does not imply endorsement of the Outside Sites.
11. Copyright
All Site content, design, text, graphics, images, logos, buttons, icons, interfaces, audio and video clips, and the selection and arrangements thereof are the exclusive property of Mintegral, or its respective content providers, and are protected by Hong Kong SAR and international copyright laws. All software used on the Site is the property of Mintegral or its respective software suppliers, and such software is protected by Hong Kong SAR and international copyright laws and other applicable laws and treaties. Users of this Site shall not transmit/post any information to this Site that infringes the copyright or other intellectual property rights of others.
12. Trademarks
All trademarks, service marks and trade names used on the Site (collectively the “Marks“) are solely owned by Mintegral. The Marks may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not a product or service of Mintegral or that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or that in any manner disparages or discredits Mintegral.
13. Online Conduct
Any conduct by a person that in Mintegral ‘s sole discretion restricts or inhibits any other person from using or enjoying the Site, is prohibited. You agree to use the Site only for lawful purposes and in accordance with that prohibition. You agree that you will not post on the Site or transmit any unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, sexually explicit, profane, hateful, racially, ethnically, or otherwise objectionable material of any kind, including, but not limited to, any material that encourages conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any applicable local, state, national, or international law.
14. Termination of Usage
Mintegral may, without incurring any liability to you, terminate access by you or suspend any access to all or part of the Site, without notice, for any conduct that Mintegral, in its sole discretion, believes is in violation of any applicable law or this Agreement, or is harmful to the interests of another user, a third-party, a merchant, a sponsor, a licensor, a service provider, or the Site.
Due to the rapidly evolving technologies on the Internet, we may occasionally update this Policy. All revisions will be posted to this website
www.mintegral.com
15. Contact Us
If you are located in mainland China, you can (i) send a written request to privacy@mintegral.com or send written documents to the following address: Legal Department, Room 4312, No. 222 Xingmin Road, Tianhe District, Guangzhou, Guangdong Province, China.
If you are located outside mainland China, you can (i) contact our DPO by sending a written request to privacy@mintegral.com. You can also contact our data protection representative in the EEA, Eurocore B.V., with address: Hullenbergweg 278, 1101BV Amsterdam.
Contact Mintegral
boost your mobile growth
如您是中国大陆用户，请点击按钮切换网页站点，以获得更好的浏览体验
确定
By clicking “Agree”, you agree to our use of tools to send you marketing information and to record and analyse your browsing behaviors. For more details, please see "Customise Settings".
Agree
Customise Settings
Sub-policy 6
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy:
Legal Information
Privacy Policy Hub
Privacy Policy Hub
Developer Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs our information practices for our Developer Services, which includes any websites, where a link to this Policy is provided. Developer Services means products and services intended for a party that develops and/or distributes a game or other app made with and/or using Unity Services.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Developer Privacy Policy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Developer Privacy Policy
. They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Customers should understand that Unity does not provide legal advice, therefore the information on this page is not a substitute for seeking your own legal counsel to determine the legal requirements of your business and processes, and how to address them.
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy will provide you with information on how Unity Technologies will collect, use, store, share or otherwise handle your Personal Information that we are responsible for and collect or receive through your use of applications which are owned by third parties but utilize Unity’s technology.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Game Player and App User Privacy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
.They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Unity Educational Products for Schools Privacy Notice
This sets forth Unity’s policies and procedures regarding the Unity software products in schools.
Privacy Supplement Statement for Unity MARS Companion App
This sets forth special privacy terms regarding use of the Unity MARS Companion App.
Unity Data Processing Addendum (“DPA”)
This Data Processing Addendum (this “DPA”) is incorporated into and forms an integral part of the Unity Terms of Service. This agreement determines the rights and obligations of each party when processing personal information.
DPA Amendment for EU, UK, and Swiss SCCs
In 2021, the European Commission and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commission issued new Standard Contractual Clauses ("2021 SCCs"). Additionally, in 2022, the UK Parliament approved the UK International Data Transfer Addendum to the EU SCCs (“UK Addendum”). The 2021 SCCs and UK Addendum replace the Standard Contractual Clauses enacted in 2010 (“2010 SCCs”). This is a pre-signed copy of this document which you may download, execute on your side, and return to DPA@unity3d.com.
Technical and Organisational Measures including Technical and Organisational Measure to ensure the Security of the Data
Technical and Organisational Measures (TOMs) are strategic safeguards designed to protect data security and ensure adherence to data protection regulations. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum.
Sub-Processors
Sub-processors are third-party companies that assist Unity by handling personal data on Unity's behalf. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum
.
GENERATIVE AI SUPPLEMENTAL PRIVACY NOTICE
This notice explains Unity's processing activities with respect to Personal Information collected through users of Generative AI Tools
Sub-policy 7
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 8
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation:
Facebook
Email or phone
Password
Forgot account?
Create new account
It looks like you were misusing this feature by going too fast. You’ve been temporarily blocked from using it.
Back
English (US)
Gaeilge
Polski
Lietuvių
Português (Brasil)
Русский
Română
Español
Français (France)
Deutsch
Italiano
Meta © 2025
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to help provide and improve content on
Meta Products
. We also use them to provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and to provide and improve Meta Products for people who have an account.
Essential cookies: These cookies are required to use Meta Products and are necessary for our sites to work as intended.
Cookies from other companies: We use these cookies to show you ads off of Meta Products and to provide features like maps and videos on Meta Products. These cookies are optional.
You have control over the optional cookies we use. Learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choices at any time in our
Cookies Policy
.
About cookies
What are cookies?
Learn more
Why do we use cookies?
Learn more
What are Meta Products?
Learn more
Your cookie choices
Learn more
Cookies from other companies
We use cookies from
other companies
in order to show you ads off of our Products, and provide features like maps, payment services and video.
Choose cookies by category
How we use these cookies
If you allow these cookies
If you don't allow these cookies
Other ways you can control your information
Manage your ad experience in Accounts Center
More information about online advertising
Controlling cookies with browser settings
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Sub-policy 9
https://www.inmobi.com/privacy-policy/:
We use necessary and (optional) analytics cookies on our websites to analyze traffic and personalize content. You can read our
cookie policy
to understand how we use cookies. You may press 'decline' if you do not want us to use optional cookies. We will set a cookie on your device to remember and honor your preference.
Accept
Decline
We use third-party cookies to measure website performance, analytics, personalize content and ads for you. Read our
cookie policy
for more details.
Decline
Customize
Accept All
General
Content Guidelines Advertisers
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
COPPA
Security
Trust and Safety
Opt-Out
Publisher Policy
InMobi CMP Terms of Service
Content Guidelines Publishers
InMobi Sanctions Compliance
GDPR
Privacy Policy for EEA
Data Subject / Consumer Request Policy
Privacy Policy
English
English
Spanish
Portuguese
Bahasa
Japanese
Chinese
LAST UPDATED: FEBRUARY 2024
EFFECTIVE: FEBRUARY 2024
1. INTRODUCTION
InMobi runs a marketing platform solution which provides advertising and monetization services/products (whether owned or through its partners) to marketers and supply partners including through digital media, sites, surveys, owned or operated application(s)/widgets, exchange(s) for demand/supply, marketing automation solutions and other services, such as, fraud detection, reporting, audiences, attribution, analytics, modelling, segments, measurement (“Marketing Platform”).
2. SCOPE OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY
2.1 APPLICABILITY
This Privacy Policy explains how InMobi collects, uses and shares information from individuals that interact with its services, offering or platforms comprising its Marketing Platform (“Marketing Platform Services”) and its website, respectively. (“InMobi” means InMobi Pte. Ltd. and its subsidiaries). InMobi is the controller for the personal information we process, unless otherwise stated. InMobi Pte. Ltd. is an NAI (Network Advertising Initiative) member, and we adhere to the NAI Code of Conduct.
2.2 NON-APPLICABILITY
InMobi may offer independent mobile applications, web content services, lock-screen platforms, social entertainment platform(s), widgets, and/or other software features to consumers through smart devices which may be preloaded on the devices, downloadable, hosted on web or made available through other digital media (“Consumer Offering”). This Privacy Policy does not apply to the collection by or processing practices of each of the foregoing services, respectively. If you are a consumer of any such Consumer Offering, the applicable privacy policy should be available to you through such services. Please refer to the respective privacy policies of each Consumer Offering for a description of its data collection and data use practices.
To the extent that foregoing Consumer Offering promotes any interest-based advertising using the Marketing Platform Services, the terms of this policy would apply to the data processing practices for such Marketing Platform Services.
Marketing Platform Services and Consumer Offering are collectively referred to as “Services”.
3. INMOBI MARKETING PLATFORM SERVICES
InMobi engages with third party site/app publishers and app developers to serve ads on their digital properties on behalf of its demand side advertising partners through various channels of advertising solutions including exchanges, network, off-network etc. InMobi may also serve ads on Consumer Offerings. InMobi also engages in campaign planning, measurement (e.g. whether an advertisement was viewed, its timestamp etc.) and attribution of advertisements, whether by itself or through third party measurement partners.
InMobi provides Marketing Platform Services, including optimization of advertising campaigns, data analytics/enrichment, segment creation, user acquisition, re-engagement, remarketing or retargeting through various digital advertising channels. InMobi receives data into its Marketing Platform from various sources, including end user information collected by our systems, applications/offerings, partners, data/cookie vendors or customers (“Sources”), which may include third party apps, sites and services that you use. Please refer to the privacy policies of the apps, sites, and services you use to understand how those apps, sites and services collect, use, and share data from your interactions with them. InMobi is not responsible for how those third-party apps, sites and services collect and use data.
4. WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
When you view an advertisement distributed through InMobi on a site, app or other digital media, we may collect information on your device and your interaction with the advertisement. This information enables us to serve advertisements to you, improve our Services including to recognize your device when you use other sites and applications that have partnered with us. InMobi may also collect information about you when you elect to interact with our surveys or opinion-based applications. Information we may collect includes:
(a) Device identifiers. Device identifiers are alphanumeric strings that are unique to your device. These include:
iOS devices’ Identifier for Advertising (IDFA) and iOS Identifier for Vendors (IDFV)
Google Advertising ID (GAID), or Android ID for Android devices
Identifier for Advertising on OTT and CTV platforms
International mobile equipment identity (IMEI), in certain jurisdiction as permitted by applicable law
Cookie IDs
(b) Location information, including:
Geo-location or precise location of your device if you have given the app or site permission to collect your location information
Location information we infer based on data collected through a WiFi identifier that your device is connected to, in accordance with applicable law and provided location access is permitted
Location information we infer from your device’s IP address, provided that we will not infer location from an IP address to a more precise than city-level of accuracy unless you have given the app or site permission to collect your location information
(c) Network information, including:
Mobile carrier
Network provider or ISP
Network type (e.g., WiFi or cellular)
IP address
IDs of WiFi access points to which your device is connected
Date and time of connection
(d) Information about apps or sites and our Software Development Kit (SDK), including:
App or site name or version
App identifier
SDK version
API key identifier
Other information about/on your device, including:
Device type (e.g., make and model)
Device startup time and update time
Device name
Screen size
Memory and hard drive capacity
Operating system and version (e.g., iOS 14, Android, Windows, Blackberry)
Mobile browser used (e.g., Chrome, Safari, Firefox)
Language settings (including country code) and time zone
App usage
Device sensor signals (Accelerometer, Gyroscope, Proximity sensor, Orientation/Rotation Vector, Audio Controls Integration)
Advertisement information. We collect information about the ad presented on your device, including:
The content type of the ad (the advertiser and category, e.g. games, finance, entertainment, news)
The ad type (e.g. whether the ad is a text, image, video or other format based)
Where the ad is being served (e.g. the site, digital media or app on which the ad appears)
Whether you viewed, clicked or otherwise interacted with the ad
Survey information. We may ask users to voluntarily participate in online surveys. These surveys help brands improve their products and services offered to you. If you fill out a survey, we may collect your device information described above and information you provide, including your:
Age
Name
Email address
Phone number
Gender
Occupation and income range
Family size and other demographic information
Preference for brands, modes of travel, and other consumer choices.
Other marketing information:
In the context of our Marketing Platform Services, our customers, partners or vendors may also disclose to us certain personal or non-personal information they have separately collected about you during your interaction with their apps, sites or services so that we can effectively provide our Services. This may in the context of websites, including mobile websites, include cookies, other technologies, or other aggregated characteristics or other identifiers related to your device to understand your interaction with such site and to serve certain types of ads relevant to your interests.
These parties serve you cookies in accordance with their own specific privacy/cookie policies and subject to their own applicable legal requirements. We do not use the information they provide to us for any purpose other than as permitted by such third parties or for providing or improving our Services.
Notably, one of our media partners is Google. Please see the link below which describes Google's collection/use of data:
How Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps
We do not collect any sensitive data such as racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, genetic data, biometric data, data concerning health. We may show targeted advertisements to fitness enthusiasts.
5. HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We use the information that we collect about your device to:
Display advertisements on your device, which may include interest-based advertising customized to your interests, preferences, locations
For remarketing or retargeting i.e. to display relevant ads if you have previously visited/accessed/downloaded a site or mobile application that we partner with
For bidding to serve advertisements and to determine which ads are most effective
Analyze and provide our demand partners or advertisers reports on the effectiveness of advertisements and campaigns, including across different types of devices based on our determination of devices that are related to the same person. We, or third parties whom we engage to provide this service, may use cross-device data to provide interest-based advertising services and to deliver tailored ads to users across multiple mobile devices including over the top applications and smart televisions
Avoid showing you the same ads too many times
Build custom audience segments to enable our customers and partners better target their advertisements and offers
Improve our Services and assist our customers and partners in improving their products and services
Detect, deter and prevent fraud, fraudulent traffic or to protect the security of our systems
We may process your survey responses and share the response data with the brands who are our customers/marketers
6. WHO DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION WITH?
InMobi may share the information we collect or receive about you as described in this Policy as follows:
Publishers and Supply Partners. We may share your information with publishers (the app or site publishers) to help them understand how users interact with their apps and sites and advertisements on their apps and sites
Demand Partners and Advertisers. We may share your information with demand partners, brands and advertisers who use our Marketing Platform, to allow them to understand the performance of their campaigns; and to help them better target their campaigns, products or offerings
Marketing Partners. We may share your information with data partners who help us with better understanding your preferences by providing data enrichment, analytics and identification services and measurement companies who help us with attribution and tracking of advertisements distributed through us (“Marketing Partners”)
Service Providers. We may share personal information we collect about you with our third-party service providers. The categories of service providers to whom we entrust personal information include: IT and related services; fraud detection, information and services; payment processors; customer service providers; and vendors to support the provision of the Services
Group. We may share personal information with the Group so that the Services of InMobi and/or the Group may be improved and otherwise to serve you and/or our customers better with all our offerings including effective content management “Group” as used in this policy, means, with respect to InMobi, its affiliates and group entities listed
here
.
Disclosures to Protect Us or Others. We may access, preserve, and disclose any information we store associated with you to external parties if we, in good faith, believe doing so is required or appropriate to: comply with law enforcement or national security requests and legal process, such as a court order or subpoena; protect your, our or others’ rights, property, or safety; enforce our policies or contracts; collect amounts owed to us; or assist with an investigation or prosecution of suspected or actual illegal activity
Disclosures in the Event of Merger, Sale, or Other Asset Transfers. If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, purchase or sale of assets, or transition of service to another provider, then your information may be sold or transferred as part of such a transaction, as permitted by law and/or contract<,/li>
International Data Transfers. Where applicable, we will protect information through other legally valid methods, including international data transfer agreements. You agree that all information processed by us may be transferred, processed, and stored anywhere in the world, including but not limited to, the United States or other countries, which may have data protection laws that are different from the laws where you live. We have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your personal information will remain protected and require our third-party service providers and partners to have appropriate safeguards as well. Further details can be provided upon request.
7. HOW DO WE KEEP PERSONAL INFORMATION SECURE?
InMobi uses reasonable technical and organizational measures to protect the information it collects about you in compliance with its legal and privacy requirements and contractual obligations. We also seek appropriate contractual protection from our partners regarding their collection, use or treatment of user data. Unfortunately, no system is 100% secure, and we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you provide to us. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, we do not accept liability for unauthorized disclosure.
By using our Services or providing personal information to us, you agree that we may communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of our Services. If we learn of a security system’s breach, we may attempt to notify you electronically by posting a notice on our Services, by mail or by sending an email to you.
8. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
InMobi retains information collected in the context of our Marketing Platform for a period of up to thirteen (13) months, unless otherwise required by law or applicable contract.
InMobi may retain the information it obtains about you as per the instructions of its customers or partners who provide such information or as required to fulfil our contractual obligations. In case any information is provided by you in participation of a survey or opinion-based application by InMobi, we will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for.
After the applicable retention period, InMobi will only retain and may only use your data: (i) in an aggregated or anonymized format; (ii) to comply with its legal obligations; and (iii) to resolve disputes and enforce agreements. Please note that the use cases stated in this provision will apply as an exception to your data subject or consumer rights related requests.
9. OPTING OUT OF INTEREST BASED ADS
Opting out of interest-based advertising:
If you prefer not to receive interest-based advertising from InMobi, you can opt out at any time by going to the InMobi
Opt Out
page and submitting your device ID or any other listed identifier. If you opt-out of interest-based advertising, you will still receive "generic" ads from InMobi. To opt-out of our cross-device ad targeting, you must opt-out on every device browser and device using the appropriate opt-out methods.
Opting out of surveys:
Each survey that you participate in will provide opt-out instructions, including an option to skip questions, which if elected will ensure that we do not include your device for that survey. Please note that if you opt-out of a survey you may still receive other survey requests. If we reach out to you through marketing communication modes such as emails, you will have the option to unsubscribe from such marketing communications through links provided in such emails.
Opting out of Connected TV:
If you opt-out of interest-based ads on your connected TV device, your advertising ID will not be used to build profiles or target you with interest-based ads and it is likely that you will get irrelevant ads which are not tailored to your interest. To disable interest-based ads, please use the Opt-Out on your Connected TV device as shown below.
On your device, visit Operating System (OS) Privacy Settings. Select Limit Ad Tracking (for iOS/tvOS devices), Opt-out of Interest-Based Ads (for Android devices), Limit Ad Tracking (for Roku devices), or similar setting offered by your OS. Please go through your device manufacturer’s privacy policy for more information.
You may also opt out of interest-based advertising via NAI. Please visit
Mobile Choices | NAI: Network Advertising Initiative
for opting out of interest-based ad on mobile devices and
Internet Connected TV Choices | NAI: Network Advertising Initiative
on TV.
10. PRIVACY RIGHTS
InMobi provides consumers with data subject or consumer rights as and when and to the extent required under such applicable laws.
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR):
If you are an EEA data subject, kindly refer our EEA Privacy Policy
https://advertising.inmobi.com/privacy-policy-for-eea/
to see your data subject rights under GDPR
California:
The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended (“CCPA”) provides California residents with the right to know what categories of personal information InMobi has collected about them and whether InMobi disclosed that personal information for a business purpose (e.g., to a service provider) in the preceding 12 months. The categories of sources from which we collect personal information and our business and commercial purposes for using personal information are set forth in “4. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?” and “5. HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?” above, respectively. The categories of third parties with whom we may share your information are listed in “6. WHO DO WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION WITH?” above.
California residents have the right to opt out of the “sale” of their personal information. Under the CCPA, “sale” is defined broadly and includes the transfer of personal information by a business to a third party for valuable consideration (even if there is no exchange of money). InMobi may be deemed to be “selling” personal information. The categories of personal information we have “sold” and the categories of third parties we have “sold” personal information to in the preceding twelve months are listed in “6. WHO DO WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION WITH?” above.
Residents of the State of California (in the United States) have the following additional privacy rights:
You have a right to exercise certain consumer rights such as request to know/ disclose/ access/ delete your data, collected in the last 12 months, by writing to us at
privacy@inmobi.com
.
You have the right to opt out of selling of your data by clicking on the following link:
Do not sell my data
.
Non-Discrimination.
California residents have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of their rights conferred by the CCPA.
Authorized Agent.
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child. To designate an authorized agent, please contact us as set forth in “17. CONTACT US” below and provide written authorization signed by you and your designated agent.
Verification.
To protect your privacy, we will take steps the following steps to verify your identity before fulfilling your request. When you make a request, we will ask you to provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative, which may include information about your device.
Additional Privacy Rights for Residents of Colorado, Connecticut, Virginia and Utah
InMobi does not “sell” your personal information. We process your personal information for the purposes of “targeted advertising” ('interest based advertising' for the purposes of this Privacy Policy) as that term is defined under the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act, Colorado Privacy Act, Connecticut Data Privacy Act and Utah Consumer Privacy Act.
Residents of Colorado, Connecticut, and Virginia can opt out of interest based advertising by going to the InMobi
Opt Out
page.
InMobi does not engage in profiling of consumers in furtherance of automated decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects, as those terms are defined under the Colorado Privacy Act.
The privacy laws of your country may grant you the following additional privacy rights relating to their personal information: right to access, request correction, request deletion/anonymization/blocking, restrict/object to processing, withdraw your consent, request data portability, be informed about third parties with whom your data has been shared, and request review of decisions taken exclusively based on automated processing. To exercise these rights, please write to us at
privacy@inmobi.com
.
11. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
InMobi may share your information with clients, customers, partners, the Group and other third parties described above who are based in countries outside of your country of residence (for example, if you are an EEA resident, we may share your information with our non-EEA clients or the Group), subject to any contractual or legal requirements. You agree that all information processed by us may be transferred, processed, and stored anywhere in the world.
While some countries may not have data protection laws that are equivalent to those of the country in which you reside, we will take reasonable measures to protect your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
12. LEAD GENERATION CAMPAIGNS
InMobi may offer form-based advertising solutions to marketers that include the collection of voluntary information from you as part of an advertisement that contains a questionnaire. Such information may consist of personal data, non-personal information or data, or both. All the information that you voluntarily provide in response to such form or questionnaire is typically forwarded directly to the relevant marketer’s servers or their landing page and in such cases will be governed by such marketer's privacy policies in place at the time of transfer.
In the event any personal data is directly processed by InMobi, you acknowledge that InMobi may be required to store such information for the period during which it continues to manage the applicable lead-generation campaign for its marketer on whose behalf the information is collected. This information may be temporarily stored by InMobi solely for running such form-based campaigns and will be used only for the purpose of optimization of such campaigns, subject to applicable legal/privacy and contractual requirements. InMobi has implemented internal safeguards to protect the temporary storage of this information and uses reasonable technical and organizational measures to protect the same. InMobi has mechanisms to delete or anonymize any personal data after the said campaign is concluded or within a period thirty (30) days from the same. Pursuant to the conclusion of the applicable campaign, InMobi may retain and use your Information only to the extent necessary for it to create reports for its client, comply with its legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce agreements and no other purpose. Any non-personal information or data submitted by you may be used for improving our Services.
If you have any questions about InMobi lead generation campaigns, please contact us at:
privacy@inmobi.com
. InMobi will refer any enquiries or complaints to the relevant marketer responsible for the processing of data provided as part of lead generation campaigns.
13. COOKIES
We use cookies and beacons to help us collect some of the information we have described above. This may be done when you interact with us or our third-party partners who enable InMobi to collect data related to your interaction with their apps or sites for the purpose of serving relevant Ads to you and/or improve our services. We may also use cookies on our and our advertiser’s websites to provide website functionality and advertising to you respectively, and to save you having to provide the information you have already given us on subsequent visits to our site.
For more detailed information about the technologies we use and your ability to control those cookies, please visit our
cookie policy
. We recommend that you review the privacy policies of the third-party apps, services or sites that you directly interact with to learn how those third parties use cookies.
14. PRIVACY OF CHILDREN
InMobi complies with the age-gating requirements under applicable privacy laws such as Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) and California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended (CCPA) in the U.S., Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais (LGPD), General law of personal data protection in Brazil and GDPR in the EEA and does not knowingly collect personal data about users of sites or apps directed to children. Please also visit our
COPPA Policy
.
15. OTHER WEBSITES
Our website and the ads we service may contain links to other websites. You should be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other websites as those may have different privacy policies and terms of use and are not associated with us. You agree that we cannot control these links and we shall not be responsible for any use of such websites.
16. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time. The amended Privacy Policy will be displayed on our site. If we make any material changes, we will notify you by means of a notice on this site prior to the change becoming effective. Please check our Privacy Policy regularly to ensure you have read the latest version.
17. CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
privacy@inmobi.com
.
We have appointed a representative in the EU. You can contact them by post at Taylor Vinters Europe Limited, Clifton House, Fitzwilliam Street Lower, Dublin, D02 XT91, Ireland, or by email at
representative@taylorvinters.com
.
To check the previous version of the privacy policy, please
click here
.
First name
*
Last name
*
Email
*
Company name
*
Country
*
- Please Select -
Afghanistan
Aland Islands
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua & Barbuda
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Asia/Pacific Region
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
British Virgin Islands
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Caribbean Netherlands
Cayman Islands
Central African Rep
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote d'Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Curaçao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Democratic Republic of the Congo
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Europe
Falkland Islands
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern and Antarctic Lands
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Ivory Coast
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kosovo
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Macedonia (FYROM)
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Myanmar (Burma)
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
North Korea
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Occupied Palestinian Territory
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestine
Palistinian Territory
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn Islands
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Republic of Costa Rica
Romania
Russia
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Réunion
Saint Barthélemy
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent & the Grenadines
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome & Principe
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Scotland
Senegal
Serbia and Montenegro
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Maarten
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
South Korea
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
St Kitts & Nevis
St Lucia
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad & Tobago
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
U.S. Virgin Islands
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City
Venezuela
Vietnam
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Åland Islands
I am
*
Please Select
Ad Tech Provider
Agency
App Marketer
Brand Marketer
Game Marketer
Other
Publisher
Retailer
I am interested in
*
Please Select
Learning more about InMobi
Advertising my brand with InMobi
Advertising my app with InMobi
Monetizing my app with InMobi
Running programmatic campaigns with InMobi on behalf of my clients
Learning more about InMobi's mediation solutions
Something else
Job title
*
Anything else you'd like to tell us?
Lead Source
By checking here, you agree to receive marketing emails about our products and services. You can unsubscribe via a link in the email.
*
The information you provide will be used in accordance with the terms of our
privacy policy
.
Sub-policy 10
https://www.openx.com/privacy-center/ad-exchange-privacy-policy/:
Learn more about our path to Net-Zero at
openx.com/sustainability
Home
»
Privacy Center
»
OpenX Ad Exchange Privacy Policy
OpenX Ad Exchange Privacy Policy
Last updated: February 11, 2025
Introduction
What personal data do we collect?
Why do we collect, use, and store this personal data?
How and to whom do we share your personal data?
How can you opt out of interest-based advertising?
What are cookies and how do we use them?
What choices and rights do you have with respect to the data we process?
How long do we retain your personal data?
What if we update this privacy policy?
How can you contact us?
1. Introduction
OpenX (“
OpenX
“, “
we
“, “
us
” or “
our
“) runs an advertising exchange (the “
Ad Exchange
”).  This means that we connect companies that offer advertising space on their websites, mobile applications, or connected television applications (called “
Publishers
” in this Privacy Policy) with brands, advertising agencies, and demand side platforms (called “
Advertising Partners
” in this Privacy Policy) looking to purchase that advertising space in order to advertise their products or services to consumers like you.
We know you may have questions and concerns about who is collecting your data, how your data is used, and how Publishers and Advertising Partners seem to know which products and services you may be interested in as you engage online.  We’ve designed this Privacy Policy to help answer those questions with respect to the data that flows through our systems, and to make sure you know how to take action to prevent or limit our collection and use of your data for interest-based advertising (sometimes called “targeted advertising” or “cross-context behavioral advertising”) if you choose to do so by clicking
here
.
We encourage you to read the whole Privacy Policy, because it provides important information about how we may process your data, and the choices or rights you may have with respect to our processing of your data.  In the meantime, here are some key takeaways:
We collect data about you from Publishers, Advertising Partners, and third party data providers.
This data may include personal information about you such as your device identifiers, location, browsing history, and specific interests, and it may be collected from a variety of partners, such as Publishers operating websites and apps.
We use this data to understand your online activity and interests over time so we can serve you relevant ads.
Using cookies and other persistent identifiers that track your online activity, we collect data about you across different websites and apps, and across different devices. So, we may know you visited a website on Monday from your desktop computer to look at a product, returned to the website on Tuesday from your mobile phone to add the product to your check-out basket, and finally completed your purchase of the product on Wednesday from your tablet. We use this data to learn about your interests over time and understand what products and services may be most relevant to you.
We share this data with third parties.
We share the data we collect about you, and the information we learn from it, with the Advertising Partners that use our Ad Exchange to help them decide whether, where, and how to serve (or re-serve) advertisements for particular products or services to you. We may also share some of your data with trusted third party data providers and service providers.
We don’t know your name, but we do know your online identifier.
None of the data we collect or share about you via our Ad Exchange is connected to your clear-text name, contact information, or other information that could directly identify you as an individual.  But, it is connected to the cookies and other persistent identifiers that are affiliated with your unique online activity.  So, while we (and the partners who use our Ad Exchange) may know about the interests and online activity of device ABC123 and use it to serve that device ads as described above, we don’t know that device ABC123 is used by a person with your name.
You can opt out of interest-based advertising.
While we strongly believe that our services help foster a healthy Internet, grow a strong economy, and enhance your online experience, we understand that not everyone wants to receive interest-based (i.e., “targeted” or “cross-context behavioral”) advertisements. You can opt out by clicking
here
or by following the instructions in
this section
.
If you do opt out, you should understand that you may still receive the same amount of advertisements from Advertising Partners using our Ad Exchange (or other ad exchanges) as you engage online.  But, at least for advertisements served via our Ad Exchange to your opted out device(s) or browser(s), none of those advertisements will be tailored to your specific interests over time.
To learn more about our collection, use, and disclosure of your data, and your choices or rights with respect to our processing of your data, please scroll down to read the rest of this Privacy Policy.  If you have any questions as you do, you can always contact us
here
.
As you read our Privacy Policy, please also remember that the Publishers and Advertising Partners you interact with as you engage online and in the real world may have their own privacy policies that govern how they collect and use your data, including when they may share your data with advertising partners like us. These policies and practices may differ from what you read in our Privacy Policy. To fully understand how your data is being collected, used, and shared, you should always carefully read the privacy policy of any website you access, any app you use, and any social network page through which you share information.
2.
What personal data do we collect?
Unless you contact us directly, we do not knowingly collect information that directly identifies you, such as your clear-text (i.e., unhashed) name, physical address, email address, phone number, online usernames, or user passwords. But, we may collect the following categories of personal data about you from Publishers, Advertising Partners, and third party data providers that partner with us to serve you advertisements:
Unique online identifiers
These are persistent identifiers that help us identify you across devices and over time, such as your IP address, cookie ID, mobile advertising ID, hashed email address, and user agent string
Online and offline activity and interests (including inferences)
This includes information about your online activity and interests, such as your browsing history and online behavior
This may also include information about your offline activity and interests, such as your purchase history
And, this may include information derived or inferred from your online and offline activity and interests, such as your likelihood to be interested in buying a particular product, using a particular service, or visiting a particular website
Geolocation information
This is information about your or your device’s location, such as your country, region, metro, zip, or postal code, or geographic coordinates, typically as inferred from your IP address
Browser, device, and service information
This is information about the devices you are using to engage online, such as your browser or device type (e.g., Google Chrome, iPhone), screen dimensions, operating system, and preferred language
Ad reporting and delivery information
This is information about the advertisements you have been served and how you interacted with them, such as the size and format of advertisements you were served and whether you clicked on them
As described above, we collect this information primarily using cookies and other persistent identifiers that track your online activity. You can learn more about these technologies in
this section
.
We will also collect your personal data if you visit our website or contact us for any reason, although we will not use this data for advertising via our Ad Exchange. Please view our
Website Privacy Policy
to learn more.
3.
Why do we collect, use, and store this personal data?
Depending on where you live, we may need a valid legal basis to collect, use, and store your personal data. If we do, depending on the circumstances, our valid legal basis may be: (i) that you have given us permission to process your data by consenting to our processing or by choosing not to opt out of our processing after receiving notice of our processing activities (we’ll collectively refer to this legal basis below as “consent”), in which case you can always withdraw your consent or opt out of our processing by contacting us
here
(note, though, that withdrawing or opting out will not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before a withdrawal or opt out); (ii) that it is in our legitimate interests to process your data, taking into consideration your interests, rights, and expectations (we’ll refer to this legal basis below as “legitimate interest”); or (iii) that we are legally required to process your data (we’ll refer to this legal basis below as “legal requirement”).
When we are legally allowed to process your personal data, we may do so for the following purposes, with the caveat that some of our processing activities vary depending on where you live:
To facilitate non-interest based advertising
We may help serve you an ad on one of our Publisher’s online properties based solely on information you have provided directly to that Publisher
Our legal basis for this purpose is legitimate interest
To facilitate interest-based advertising
We may help serve you an ad on one of our Publisher’s online properties based on information you have provided to that Publisher, in addition to information we have collected independently or from third parties, including other Publishers, Advertising Partners, and third party data providers
You can opt out of interest-based advertising (sometimes called “cross-context behavioral” or “targeted” advertising) by clicking
here
Our legal basis for this purpose is consent
To understand your activity and preferences over time
We may use the data we collect (whether directly or from our partners) to learn about your online activity across sites, apps, and devices over time and infer information about your online and real-world preferences (e.g., we may infer that device ABC123 is used by a female in the New York Metro area interested in buying new shoes)
We only maintain information about your activity and preferences for the last 90 days (at most), and we use this information only to improve our ability to serve interest-based advertisements
Although we can’t control our partners’ actions, we also include restrictions in our agreements with our Advertising Partners and third party data providers requiring them to limit their use of this information, to the extent it is shared with them
You can opt out of this kind of data processing, which facilitates interest-based advertising, by clicking
here
Our legal basis for this purpose is consent
To control the content and frequency of ads
Whenever we help serve you an ad, we may use real-time information about the context in which it will be shown to help make sure the ad is relevant to you and delivered in a format that will work on your device
We also take steps designed to make sure that you are being shown a reasonable amount of ads, that those ads do not contain malware and otherwise meet our ad standards, and that you are not receiving the same ads too frequently
Our legal basis for this processing is consent or legitimate interest, depending on the circumstances
To measure ad performance
Whenever we help serve you an ad, we may measure the delivery and performance of the ad to understand whether it displayed correctly; how long you had the opportunity to see it; and how, if at all, you interacted with it
We use this information to provide reporting to our Publishers and Advertising Partners so that they can understand how their ad campaigns are working or can be improved
Our legal basis for this processing is consent or legitimate interest, depending on the circumstances
To build and improve our products, features, and models
We use data to build and improve our products and features, including by building and improving models and algorithms through machine learning
Our legal basis for this processing is legitimate interest
To respond to valid legal requests and protect our legal interests
In rare instances, we may be required to produce your data in response to a valid legal request from a governmental, law enforcement, or other legal entity
It is also possible, although unlikely, that we may need to produce your data to protect our rights and property, or to protect someone’s safety
If we are required to produce your data in either of these circumstances (or any similar circumstances), we will limit our response to the information required to resolve the legal request or situation
Our legal basis for this processing is legitimate interest or legal requirement, depending on the circumstances
When we process your personal data for one of these purposes, we do so in accordance with our robust privacy program, including by taking measures to securely store and transmit your data and by adhering to our
retention limits
.
4.
How and to whom do we share your personal data?
We may disclose the information that we collect about you to the following third parties, for the following reasons:
Advertising Partners and third party data providers
As described throughout this Privacy Policy, we pass data to our Advertising Partners, subject to data use restrictions, so that they can combine this information with other information they have independently collected to determine whether to serve (or re-serve) you an ad, and so that they can understand how well their advertising campaigns are working
We may also pass data to trusted third party data aggregators or data partners, subject to data use restrictions, so that they can combine this information with other information they have independently collected to understand, and in some cases help us understand, your online activity and preferences across sites, apps, and devices over time
Some of these transfers of data may considered “sales” or “sharing” of data under privacy laws applicable to you; you can opt out of any “sales” or “sharing” of data by clicking
here
Service providers
We share certain data with contracted vendors, subject to data use restrictions, so that they can perform functions on our behalf, such as fraud and malware prevention, identification of invalid traffic, and data storage and hosting; a list of our service providers is available
here
Affiliates and potential acquirers
We may share data amongst affiliate companies in the OpenX group for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy; a  list of our affiliates is available
here
We may also share data in connection with an actual or proposed sale or transfer of all or a part of our business or assets, corporate merger, consolidation, or bankruptcy, including with our advisers and any prospective purchaser’s advisers and with the new owners of the business
Regulators, law enforcement entities, and other legal actors
In rare instances, we may share data with regulatory, governmental, law enforcement, courts with competent jurisdictions, emergency services, or other legal entities or public authorities in response to a valid legal request, to protect our rights or property, to protect someone’s safety, or to meet national security or law enforcement requirements
If we are required to produce your data to these entities, we will limit our response to the information required to resolve the legal request or situation
International transfers
OpenX complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. OpenX has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. OpenX has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, OpenX commits to cooperate and comply respectively with the advice of the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs) and the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning our handling of human resources data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF in the context of the employment relationship.
If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the applicable Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit the
Data Privacy Framework website
.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over OpenX’s compliance with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF).
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge)
here
.
Under certain conditions, more fully described on the DPF website
here
, you may be entitled to invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted. In cases of onward transfer to third parties (e.g., instances where OpenX transfers personal data to a third party partner, service provider or an agent which processes such data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles), OpenX is generally liable for the acts of the third party that are in violation of the DPF Principles.
In parallel to adhering to Data Privacy Framework, in the event that personal data collected from a UK or EEA data subject is transferred outside of the UK or the EEA to an organization in a country which is not subject to an adequacy decision by the EU Commission or considered adequate as determined by applicable data protection laws, we take additional steps to ensure your personal data is adequately protected (e.g., by way of EU Commission-approved Standard Contractual Clauses or by relying on other data transfer mechanisms approved under applicable data protection laws). We are also committed to conducting data transfer impact assessments and adopting any supplementary measures required to mitigate any risks to you identified in such an assessment. A copy of the relevant mechanism can be obtained for your review on request by contacting us
here
.
We regularly monitor updates to the Data Privacy Framework and other relevant international data protection standards to ensure continued compliance and promptly implement any required adjustments to our data transfer practices.
5.
How can you opt out of interest-based advertising?
OpenX adheres to the Digital Advertising Alliance (“
DAA
”) Self-Regulatory Principles in the United States (“U.S.”), the European Digital Advertising Alliance (“
EDAA
”) Principles in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), and the IAB Europe OBA Framework.  These principles and framework address interest-based advertising, also called “cross-context behavioral” or “targeted” advertising, which our services facilitate.  As described throughout this Privacy Policy, OpenX collects the types of data described in
Section 2
across multiple devices and across websites and apps over time, in order to use and transfer such data to our partners to facilitate  interest-based advertising.
You can request to opt out of our interest-based advertising services – and the interest-based advertising services of other companies that adhere to the principles and framework listed above – by taking the steps listed below. Please remember that even if you take some or all of these steps, some information may still be collected about you as you engage online, and you may still receive the same number of advertisements. But we will not collect or use data collected from your opted out browser or device to tailor the online ads you receive based on data collected over time from different websites, apps, and devices (at least for data collected and advertisements received via our Ad Exchange).
You’ll see that there are multiple steps listed. That’s because, as described throughout this Privacy Policy, interest-based advertising services involve the collection of your data across multiple devices and via multiple mechanisms. As a result, because cookies and other persistent identifiers cannot be read between different browsers or devices, you will need to opt out on each device and browser you use, and may need to take special steps to opt out of the collection of certain kinds of data.
To opt out on a browser (e.g., as you engage on websites):
Cookies and Similar Technologies.
Cookies and similar technologies, like web beacons and pixels, may be used to collect data about you as you browse the web.  If you live in the EEA, you can learn more about and opt out of this kind of data collection by companies, including OpenX, that adhere to the European DAA Principles at
www.youronlinechoices.com
.  If you live outside of the EEA, you can learn more about and opt out of this kind of data collection by companies, including OpenX, that adhere to the DAA’s self-regulatory programs at
https://youradchoices.com/control
. As an opt out alternative, you can also download a browser or extension that supports the Global Privacy Control by visiting
this website
.
Please note
that in order for your opt-out choice to be effective using the DAA’s tools, you must ensure that your browser is first set to accept third-party cookies such as the OpenX opt-out cookie. Some browsers block third-party cookies by default, and you may need to change your browser settings to accept third-party cookies before opting out. Additionally, if you later use a different device or browser, or erase cookies from your browser, you may need to renew your opt-out choice.
Local Storage or Cache.
Companies may use the local storage or cache in your browser to collect information about you as you browse the Internet. You can opt-out of this kind of data collection by (1) using any tools provided by your browser to clear local storage and the browser cache, and (2) turning on any “Do Not Track” header setting offered by your browser. Please note that you must complete both of these steps in order to complete the opt out process. As an opt out alternative, you can also download a browser or extension that supports the Global Privacy Control by visiting
this website
.
To opt out on a cell phone or mobile device (as you use mobile apps):
You can opt out of the collection of data for interest-based advertising on your mobile device, for OpenX and other companies participating in industry self-regulation, by downloading the DAA’s AppChoices application from the Android or iOS app store. Alternatively, or if you live outside of the United States (in which case you may not have access to this application), you can turn off the “Allow Apps to Request to Track” setting in your iOS settings or turn on the “opt out of interest-based ads” setting in your Android settings to limit the collection of your data for interest-based advertising. You can find additional information and more detailed instructions
here
.
To opt out of the collection of precise location data (as you use your mobile device):
You may wish to opt out of the collection of your precise location data, to the extent Publishers collect and share such data with advertising partners.  This would mean that certain data related to your online activity and general location (such as your city) could be collected, but data indicating your precise location (such as your precise GPS coordinates) could not be collected. You can do this by using the “location services” controls in your mobile device’s settings.
To opt out on a connected television (as you watch TV on apps):
You may be able to opt out of the collection of data for interest-based advertising on your connected or “smart” TV or set top box by visiting your device’s settings menu. You can find additional information and more detailed instructions
here
.
6.
What are cookies and how do we use them?
What are cookies?
A cookie is a very small text document, containing a string of characters that uniquely identifies your web browser. Cookies are created when your browser loads a particular website. The website sends information to the browser which then creates a text file. This allows the browser to remember the websites you visit, and that information is shared with other parties such as our Advertising Partners. This also allows us to collect information about your browsing habits over time in order to facilitate interest-based advertising and make advertising more relevant to you and your interests, as described throughout this Privacy Policy.
In other words, when you visit a Publisher’s website or a digital property, we may assign a random, unique identifier, specific to OpenX, to your browser or device.  Using that OpenX identifier, our Ad Exchange can automatically recognize your browser or device the next time it visits another website or digital property owned by a Publisher we work with.  This means that, over time, our Ad Exchange can track your online activity to learn about your online browsing behavior and preferences. The Publishers and Advertising Partners we work with can also map their own unique identifiers against our OpenX identifier via a process called “cookie syncing,” so that they can use data they have collected independently on our Ad Exchange. In the case of Advertising Partners, the aggregated insights cookie syncing facilitates may influence their decision to bid (or not bid) on opportunities to advertise products or services to you. For example, certain Advertising Partners may be more willing to serve you an advertisement for a particular product if they know, via insights learned from cookie syncing, that you have seen and clicked on advertisements for the same or similar products in the past.
We also use cookies for frequency capping, meaning that we may use data they collect to limit the number of times you see an advertisement, as well as to help measure the effectiveness of our Advertising Partners’ advertising campaigns. Find out more about the use of cookies on
https://www.aboutidentifiers.org
.
What cookies do we use?
Cookie ‘i’
–
this is the user / market cookie. It includes a random string created to recognize your device for the purpose of delivering advertisements, as well as the timestamp of the string’s creation. By matching this cookie with data collected by Advertising Partners, we and our Advertising Partners can deliver more relevant ads to you. This cookie is stored on your device for 1 year and is refreshed for the next year on each bid request.
Cookie ‘pd’
–
this cookie stores information about which other third parties the user cookie (‘i’ cookie) has been synced with to reduce the amount of user matching done on your device.
This cookie is stored on your device for 15 days.
Cookie ‘OX_dnt’
– this cookie acts as a flag which we set if you indicate that you want to opt-out of interest-based advertising. Please see the information above on opting out of interest-based advertising. This cookie is stored on your device for 5 years.
Third parties
Third parties, such as our Publishers and Advertising Partners, may also serve cookies on your computer or mobile device to facilitate advertising, analytics, and other functions. They may also use information about your visits to different online properties to provide you with more relevant advertisements and measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns. We do not have access to or control over these cookies and encourage you to review the privacy and cookie policies of any companies you engage with online to find out about their data collection practices, including how they may use cookies.
7.
What choices and rights do you have with respect to the data we process?
Depending on the country or state where you live, you have different legal rights with respect to your personal data and how we may process it. We’ve provided more detail on these rights for consumers in the UK/EEA and certain U.S. states below, but you can always contact us
here
to learn more.
UK/EEA based individuals
UK- and EEA-based individuals have the right to ask us for a copy of your personal data; to correct, delete or restrict our processing of your personal data; and to obtain the personal data we have collected from you in a structured, machine readable format. In addition, you can object to the processing of your personal data in some circumstances (in particular, where we don’t have to process the data to meet a contractual or other legal requirement).
These rights may be limited, for example if fulfilling your request would reveal personal data about another person, or if you ask us to delete information which we are required by law or have compelling legitimate interests to keep. If you have unresolved concerns, you have the right to complain to a data protection authority where you live, work or believe a breach has taken place. You’ll find contact details for your data protection authority
here
if you are an EEA based individual or
here
if you are a UK based individual.
If you would like to exercise any of the rights listed above, please reach us
here
.
U.S. based individuals
Residents of certain U.S. states may exercise one or more of the following rights regarding your personal data, subject to certain exceptions and limitations:
The right to confirm whether we have processed your personal data.
The
right to know and access, in a portable format that is accessible to you, the categories and specific pieces of personal data we collect, use, share, and sell about you, the categories of sources from which we collected your personal data, our purposes for collecting, using, sharing, and selling your personal data, the categories of your personal data that we have shared or sold for a business purpose, and the categories of third parties with which we have shared or sold your personal data. Oregon residents also have the right to obtain a list of third parties (other than our service providers) to which we have disclosed personal data.
The right to correct inaccuracies related to the personal data we have collected from or about you.
The right to request that we delete the personal data we have collected from or about you.
The right to opt out of our processing and sharing of your personal data for purposes of interest-based advertising, also called “cross-context behavioral advertising” or “targeted advertising,” which our services facilitate, as well as the right to opt out of our sales of your personal data.
The right not to be discriminated or retaliated against for exercising any of these data rights.
Certain states provide residents with additional rights related to “sensitive” personal data. OpenX may process limited personal data related to children within our Child-Safe Marketplace, and this data may be considered “sensitive” in certain states. You can learn more about data processing within our Child-Safe Marketplace in our
Child-Safe Marketplace Privacy Policy
. Other than as detailed in our Child-Safe Marketplace Privacy Policy, OpenX does not knowingly collect sensitive personal data as a business, data controller, or equivalent entity.
To exercise any of the above rights, please reach us
here
or call us at (855) 231-3834 . You may be asked to submit verifying information in certain circumstances, as described below. Depending on your state, if you have submitted a request that we have not fulfilled, you may appeal our decision by contacting us
here
.
Verification Process and Required Information
:
Because most of the information we store is linked only to online identifiers, and cannot identify your name or contact information, we may need to request additional information from you to verify your identity or understand the scope of your request. Such additional information may include your online identifier (e.g., your cookie or mobile advertising ID), your state of residence, and some proof that the devices that have the cookie or mobile advertising ID you provide are yours, such as a screenshot of the applicable cookie or of a screen that displays the mobile advertising ID or other documentation that can verify you.
Authorized Agent
:
You may designate an authorized agent to make a data subject request on your behalf by verifying your identity and providing written permission to your agent to make the request for you.
Minors’ Personal Data
:
We do not sell the personal data of consumers that we know to be under 18 years of age or share such data for purposes of interest-based advertising (also known as “targeted” or “cross-context behavioral” advertising).
Collection, Sharing, and Sale of Personal Data:
In the last 12 months, we collected the categories of personal data described above in the “
What personal data do we collect?
” section of this Privacy Policy, which correspond to the following categories of personal data under California law: (1) personal and online identifiers; (2) commercial or transactions information; (3) Internet or other electronic network activity information; (4) geolocation information; (4) inferences about your predicted characteristics and preferences; and (5) other information about you that is linked to the “personal information” or “personal data” we collect.
In the last 12 months, we collected these categories of personal data from Publishers, Advertising Partners, service providers (e.g., fraud prevention services), and third party data providers (e.g., consumer data resellers).
In the last 12 months, we collected personal data for our commercial and business purposes, as described in more detail above in the “
Why do we collect, use, and store this personal data?
” section of this Privacy Policy. As described in that section, we sell and share personal data for interest-based advertising purposes (also known as “cross-context behavioral” or “targeted” advertising). However, we do not sell or use personal data for profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects on you.
In the last 12 months, we sold, shared, or disclosed personal data we collected to the categories of third parties described above in the “
How and to whom do we share your personal data?
” section of this Privacy Policy. In particular, we “sold” (as a “sale” is defined under state privacy laws) or shared for interest-based advertising purposes each category of personal data we collected to Advertising Partners and third party data providers (e.g., consumer data resellers). We also disclosed each category of personal data we collected with our service providers and affiliates as well as, in limited instances, governmental entities for our business purposes.
In the last 12 months, we stored and retained personal data in accordance with the retention periods described below in the “
How long do we retain your personal data
” section of this Privacy Policy.
Information About Past Year’s California Requests:
In 2023, with respect to requests from California residents submitted under the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended (“
CCPA
”), OpenX:
Received 26 requests to know or access, complied with all of them in an average of 34 days and a median of 42 days, and denied none of them.
Received 32 requests to delete, complied with all of them in an average of 18 days and a median of 23 days, and denied none of them.
Received 58 unique requests to opt-out, complied with all of them in an average of 15 days and a median of 15 days, and denied none of them.
Received 8 requests that did not provide a specific type of request, responded to all of them in an average of 17 days and a median of 17 days, and denied none of them.
In some instances, although we have not denied a request, we cannot fully complete the data subject’s requested action due to an inability to connect the data in our systems to the data provided by the data subject. In such instances, we request additional information from the data subject to attempt to verify the request.
8.
How long do we retain your personal data?
We may keep each data point we collect about you for a maximum of 90 days from the last date that we received it.  For example, if we collect data indicating that you visited a particular website on day 0, we may keep that data until day 90 (at the latest) unless we collect data indicating that you visited that particular website again within that initial 90 day period (in which case, the 90 day clock would reset). For most categories of data, this is limited to 14 days.
Additionally, we’ve set retention limits on the cookies that may be set on your devices. In particular, the market cookie (“i”) used for OpenX’s device recognition is set to remain on your device for a maximum of one year, while the cookie implemented to recognize your opt-out from interest-based advertising is set to last for five years, should you choose to opt out.
9.
What if we update this privacy policy?
We reserve the right to update this Privacy Policy at any time.  If we do so, we will post the updated policy here and update the “Last Updated” date. We may also notify you in other ways from time to time about the processing of your personal data.
10.
How can you contact us?
If you are a UK or EEA based individual, the data controller for your personal data is OpenX Poland Sp. z o.o.
If you are a U.S. based individual, the business, data controller, or equivalent entity that controls how your data may be processed is OpenX Technologies Inc.
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy or wish to contact us for any reason in relation to our personal data processing, you can contact us
here
.
If you are a UK or EEA based individual, you can also reach us at:
OpenX Poland sp. z o.o.
Attention: Legal Department
Aleja 29 Listopada 20
31-401 Krakow
Poland
If you are an U.S. based individual, you can also reach us at:
OpenX Technologies Inc.
Attention: Legal Department
177 E. Colorado Blvd., #3039
Pasadena, CA 91105
United States
You may also contact our data protection officer at
dpo@openx.com
or by calling us at (855) 231-3834.
Sub-policy 11
https://pubmatic.com/legal/privacy-policy/:
PubMatic Platform Privacy Policy
This page is about the privacy practices on PubMatic’s Advertising Platform and the personal information it uses to deliver advertising and perform related activities.
Last Updated: November 21, 2024
PubMatic is an advertising technology company that provides a variety of online advertising-related services (see “
Who We Are
“). Any reference to
“you”, “your”, “user(s)”, “individual(s)”, “data subject(s)”,
implies the
“End User(s)”
who accesses websites, apps, or other digital properties that are being monetized through our Ad Services (defined below) so that we may deliver advertising and perform related activities (see “
About Us and Our Services
”). We want you to be familiar with how we collect, use, and share personal information and how you can exercise the privacy rights and choices available to you. This privacy policy (“
Policy
” or the “
Platform Privacy Policy”
) covers the personal information that we may process about you. If you are interested in our corporate and website privacy policy, which governs the personal information PubMatic collects about individuals when they visit, use, or interact with: (i) www.pubmatic.com and other websites operated by us, including PubMatic’s Client interfaces (the “
Websites
”); (ii) our social media pages (our “
Social Media Pages
”) and (iii) our events, sales and marketing activities (collectively, “
PubMatic Properties
”), please review our
Website Privacy Policy
. If you are interested in our applicant privacy practices, please review our
Careers Privacy Policy
.
Your Privacy Choices
Please visit
https://pubmatic.com/legal/opt-out/
to go directly to the interest-based advertising opt-outs we offer.
TABLE OF CONTENTS:
We recognize that reading and understanding privacy practices can be difficult and time-consuming. While we recommend that you read this document in its entirety, to make this process easier for you, we have taken steps to simplify it and provide the following quick links to make it easier to navigate.
WHO WE ARE
ABOUT US AND OUR AD SERVICES
PUBMATIC’S AD SERVICES & PRIVACY
AT A GLANCE
PUBMATIC’S AD SERVICES & PRIVACY – FULL POLICY
USER INFORMATION WE COLLECT
HOW WE USE THE USER INFORMATION
HOW WE DISCLOSE USER INFORMATION
YOUR CHOICES AND DATA PROTECTION RIGHTS
YOUR PRIVACY CHOICES
YOUR DATA RIGHTS
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION FOR RESIDENTS SUBJECT TO STATE PRIVACY
LAWS
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION FOR DATA SUBJECTS IN THE EEA, UK, AND
SWITZERLAND
INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS
DATA PRIVACY FRAMEWORK
RETENTION OF USER INFORMATION
SECURITY
UPDATES TO THIS POLICY
CONTACTING US
—
WHO WE ARE
Any reference to
“PubMatic
” “
we
”,
“us”
or “
our
” means PubMatic, Inc. and its global subsidiaries including, as of the effective date of this Platform Privacy Policy, PubMatic Limited, PubMatic GmbH, PubMatic India Private Limited, パブ ティック株式会社 (PubMatic KK), PubMatic Pte. Ltd. and 据翼软件科技有限公司 (PubMatic Software (Shanghai)) Limited.
To get in touch with us, please see the “
Contacting Us
” section of this document.
ABOUT US AND OUR AD SERVICES
PubMatic provides technology via our advertising platform (the “
Platform
”) and related advertising tools (collectively the “
Ad Services
”) that allow Publishers to make space on their websites, mobile apps, internet-connected or over-the-top TV (known as ‘CTV’ and ‘OTT TV,’ respectively), or other digital properties available to show ads in order to generate revenue (what the advertising industry refers to as a ‘Supply Side Platform’ or ‘SSP’) and buyers to purchase the available space to display ads on these digital properties. In this Policy, we refer to those involved in selling ad space collectively as “
Publishers
”, those looking to buy ad space collectively as “
Media Buyers
” (including, for example advertisers, ad agencies, Demand-Side partners) and Media Buyers and Publishers together as “
Clients.
” Our Ad Services help Clients display relevant online advertising to the End Users who interact with Publishers’ digital properties and engage in planning and measurement to understand how these ads perform. This Policy applies only when we act as a “data controller” and not when we are a processor or service provider acting on behalf of our Clients.
PUBMATIC’S AD SERVICES & PRIVACY
AT A GLANCE
This section serves as a summary of our personal information handling practices and does not replace our full Policy found below.
Please note the following terms that are used in this summary:
Pseudonymous user data
– personal data that can no longer be attributed to a specific data subject without further technical processing or the use of additional data.
ID syncing
– the matching of two or more unique identifiers linked to the same individual.
Cookies and online identifiers
– cookies are small text files that are stored on a user’s browser; online identifiers are often used in lieu of cookies. Similar technologies such as pixels and web beacons, device fingerprinting technologies, local storage, and eTags (collectively
, ”Cookies”
) also allow access to, or storage of, information on a user’s browser or device. These technologies enable various online functionalities (including recognizing and tracking browsing behavior).
What We Do:
Provide Advertising technology for managing digital advertising campaigns and for monetizing digital properties.
User Information We Collect:
Pseudonymous User Information such as:
Unique online and device identifiers
Mobile device advertising identifiers
IP addresses
Browser and device information
Web browsing history from advertising impressions
Information about an individual’s engagement with ads
Information about an individual’s behavior on Digital Properties
Data We May Receive From Partners For Use in Connection With Our Ad
Services:
User Information such as:
Demographic data
Geolocation Information, including precise geolocation data
Obfuscated user identifiers such as hashed email addresses
Pseudonymous personal information (see “
User Information We Collect
” above)
ID Syncing data
How The Ad Services Collect Data:
Some of the ways our Ad Services collect User Information:
from Publishers passing us information so that we can help them monetize ad inventory space on their digital properties
from Clients uploading data onto our platform
from Clients using our technology (including Cookies) to gather data
through the process of serving ads (including how you interact with an ad)
Data Our Ad Services Do Not Collect:
PubMatic’s Ad Services do not collect directly identifiable personal information, including, for example:
PubMatic does not collect your email address
PubMatic does not collect your physical address
PubMatic does not collect your phone number
PubMatic does not collect your social security number
PubMatic does not collect your name
How We Use the Data We Collect:
The Ad Services processes the User Information we collect for advertising purposes, including:
Personalizing ads
Delivering ads
Limiting the number of times you see an ad (called “frequency capping”)
Measuring the effectiveness of ads and ad campaigns
Reporting on ad campaigns to our Clients
Maintaining records or transactions, user actions and conversions
Attributing purchases or other actions taken by a user to ads
Associating devices or identifiers that may be related to each other
Preventing malicious or fraudulent activity
Improving our Ad Services
Location based advertising
Service support and diagnostics
Administration of our business
How We Disclose the Data We Collect:
We disclose User Information that we collect to:
Media Buyers, as a way of informing them about the potential audience for their ads if they purchase a Publisher’s advertising inventory
Clients, to help them improve the effectiveness of their – and their client’s – ads
Service providers, Vendors, and Subprocessors
Where we think we’re required to by law or where we have determined that we need to
in order to defend or bring a legal claim.
PUBMATIC’S AD SERVICES &
PRIVACY – FULL POLICY
USER INFORMATION WE COLLECT
When you visit or use a digital property that uses our technology, we (and our Clients) use and deploy Cookies to automatically collect certain information about you and your computer or other devices, such as your mobile device, CTV, or OTT TV device. While none of this technology provides us with directly identifiable information (meaning, it doesn’t include your name, clear text email address, phone number), it may be considered “
personal data
” or “
personal information”
in some jurisdictions. Altogether, the personal data or personal information discussed in this policy shall be “
User Information.
” PubMatic collects or assigns pseudonymous identifiers (“
Online Identifiers”)
to your browser or other devices to enable our Ad Services to determine within a reasonable level of confidence that a browser or device is the same with which our Ad Services have previously interacted. These identifiers include:
cookie IDs (a unique ID randomly assigned by PubMatic to a browser);
unique online IDs (“
UUID
”) created by identity providers and used by our Clients;
mobile advertising IDs (a unique ID assigned by the mobile operating system (e.g., Apple ID for Advertising or Android Advertising ID)); or
CTV or OTT TV device identifier for advertising (a unique ID assigned by the OTT or CTV publisher).
If we (or our Media Buyers) can identify a browser or device, it increases the value of that advertisement to provide more content for you to enjoy. To opt out of our use of such technologies for interest-based advertising purposes, please follow the instructions for opting out, as described in “
Your Opt-Out Choices
” below. See PubMatic’s
Platform Cookie and Other Similar Technologies Policy
for more information on how PubMatic uses cookies and other similar technologies.
Our Ad Services may also automatically collect the following information and associate it with one of the identifiers described above (also User Information:
Browser and Device Information
, such as the IP address you use to connect to an online service; device type and model; manufacturer; operating system type and version (e.g. iOS or Android); web browser type and version (e.g., Chrome or Safari); user-agent; carrier name; time zone; network connection type (e.g., Wi-Fi or cellular); and information about our Publisher’s apps and versions currently active on a device.
Information about an End User’s behavior on our Publishers digital properties
(“
Behavioral Information
“), such as information about how you interact with the pages of those digital properties, session start/stop time, and precise geolocation (including latitude and longitude coordinates, but only if the Publisher’s digital property has enabled location services on the device and the End User has granted the Publisher permission to collect and share this information for advertising purposes).
Information about ads serviced, viewed, or clicked on
, such as the type of ad, where the ad was served, whether the End User interacted with the ad, the number of times an End User has seen the ad, and whether the End User visited the Media Buyer’s website or relevant app store and/or purchased or installed the product or service advertised (“
Ad Interaction
“).
Information about your location,
which we may derive from the approximate location of your device via your IP address (
“Geolocation Information”).
User Information we receive from third parties
We may also combine, merge and/or augment the User Information we collect about you with information received from Publishers and other Clients (such as our data providers) and may include:
Demographic or interest data, obfuscated user identifiers such as UUIDs, hashed email addresses and/or hashed phone numbers, and content viewed (“
Partner Provided Information
“). We do not intentionally collect or process sensitive User Information (e.g., social security numbers) and attempt to prohibit our Clients and partners from passing any such information to PubMatic.
Precise geolocation information collected through Digital Properties. We will not use precise geolocation information for interest-based advertising without your opt-in consent (“
Geolocation”).
We use this Geolocation to derive regions for ad performance reporting.
We work with Clients to help create or obtain groupings of End Users by one or more attributes (e.g., ‘cycling enthusiast’) for advertising purposes (“
Audience Segments”)
.
HOW WE USE THE USER INFORMATION
We process and/or disclose User Information for various business purposes, including to provide the Ad Services and to operate our business. This section will describe those purposes in detail and includes our data processing practices.
Numerous states within the United States have enacted consumer privacy laws that grant their residents certain rights and require additional disclosures (“
State Privacy Laws
”). If you are a resident of one of these states, this section applies to you.
Likewise, those located in the EEA or UK are also afforded various rights, including additional disclosures (
“UK & Europe Privacy Laws
”). Under UK & Europe Privacy Laws, we have established a legal basis for processing your personal information. In most instances, consent is the basis for PubMatic’s processing of User Information. If you do not consent with respect to PubMatic’s SSP, PubMatic may still solicit bids for advertising to be displayed to you but will not process your personal information. In some circumstances we may rely on our legitimate interest to collect and use your personal information, except where such interests are overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. For example, we may use any of the data described in this Policy for the secondary purpose of detecting, preventing or otherwise addressing fraud, security, or technical issues, as well as to protect against harm to our rights, property, or safety, or that of the public. This is necessary for us to pursue our, your and our partners’ legitimate interests. If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us using the contact details provided under the “
Contacting Us
” heading below. Please note that we take appropriate measures to ensure that any processing of User Information is done in accordance with applicable privacy laws and regulations, and with care for protecting your privacy and User Information.
Serve and Deliver Ads (Ad Services).
Generally, we process User Information to provide our products and services (including the Ad Services) as described in this Platform Privacy Policy. This is what allows Publishers to offer advertising inventory in their Digital Properties and Media Buyers to bid on and fill that inventory with relevant ads, as well as to determine inventory value and to inform bid decisions (i.e., whether to purchase an ad impression or not, for creating segments for End Users matching, targeting of lookalike audiences or retargeting users). For example, when a Publisher has potential ad inventory to offer, we will send a “bid request” to Media Buyers which includes the information detailed in this privacy policy so that Media Buyers can determine if they want to purchase the ad impression.
Ad Reporting.
Provide information and reports to Media Buyers about when and how End Users have been exposed to their ads, clicked on their ads, or visited their Digital Property (including whether an advertised app has been installed). This information is used to analyze an advertising campaign’s performance.
Frequency Capping.
Using information from our Ad Services to prevent seeing the same ad too many times.
Targeted Advertising.
The method by which we predict likely commercial interests (e.g., sports or travel) based on activities across websites, mobile apps, and other Digital Properties over time. We will also supplement User Information with additional information we receive from third parties, such as third-party advertising segments or audiences, to allow us to customize and more effectively tailor the ads we display to End Users and to optimize the display of ads (including limiting exposure to less relevant ads).
Location Based Advertising.
Location-based advertising, services, and content delivered in real-time using your device’s physical location (where permitted by law).
ID Syncs.
We may disclose cookie values to other advertising technology platforms so that they may match their identifier to our identifier.
Fraud Detection & Prevention (Security).
Identify invalid ad impressions, clicks, installs, or ad queries, protect us and our Publishers from fraudulent behavior, and protect the security of the Ad Services.
Business Operations & Improving the Ad Services.
These purposes include several processing activities supporting our ability to run the business for our Clients, such as to:
Facilitate navigation, display information more effectively, and to personalize your experience while using the Ad Services, as well as auditing, researching, and analyzing information to provide, protect, manage, and improve our Ad Services, develop new services, and ensure that our technologies function properly.
Calculate Ad Services usage levels, help diagnose server problems and administer the Ad Services.
Operate our business, such as billing, support, accounting, improving our internal operations, securing our systems, detecting fraudulent or illegal activity, and meeting our legal obligations.
We may disclose User Information to our service providers that store or process the User Information in furtherance of the services we offer via our Ad Services and on our behalf.
The following table illustrates the categories of User Information processed for each business purpose, the lawful basis under which we process User Information, and the categories of recipients of User Information where we engage third parties to augment our ability to provide the Ad Services.
Purpose of Use
Serve & Deliver Ads (Ad Services)
Ad Reporting
Frequency Capping
Targeted Advertising
Location Based Advertising
ID Syncs
Fraud Detection & Prevention (Security)
Business Operations & Improving the Ad Services
Categories of Personal Data
Online Identifiers
x
x
x
x
Demographic Information
x
x
x
Browser and Device Information
x
x
x
x
x
x
x
x
Behavioral Information
x
x
x
x
x
Ad Interaction
x
x
x
x
x
Partner Provided Information
x
x
x
Geolocation Information & Geolocation
x
x
x
x
Audience Segments
x
x
x
Lawful Basis (UK / EEA)
Consent
Consent
Legitimate Interest
Consent
Consent
Consent
Legitimate Interest
Legitimate Interest
Categories of Recipients
Affiliates
x
x
x
x
x
x
x
x
Clients
x
x
x
x
x
Attribution & Analytics Partners
x
x
x
x
Service Providers/
Sub processors & Consultants
x
x
x
x
x
x
x
x
We may disclose User Information in accordance with applicable laws, both within and outside of an individual’s country of residence for specific situations which include:
Where we need to comply with legal obligations or respond to requests from public and government authorities, even if they are outside your country of residence.
To enforce our terms and conditions, protect our operations or the operations of our affiliates, safeguard our rights, privacy, safety, or property, as well as the rights, privacy, safety, or property of our affiliates, you, or others;
When necessary to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims; and
In connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, sale of assets, bankruptcy, or other corporate change.
Cross-device and Cross-app targeting
Cross-device and cross-app targeting are strategies employed in digital advertising to effectively connect and interact with individuals across multiple devices and different mobile applications. These strategies aim to enhance the advertising experience by delivering more relevant and personalized ads to you, regardless of the devices or mobile apps you use.
Our Publishers, Media Buyers, and Clients may use information that we share with them to establish connections among related devices (such as smartphones, tablets, and computers) for targeted advertising, analytics, and reporting purposes. They may create a match between your devices if you log into the same online service on multiple devices or web browsers, or if your devices share similar attributes that support an inference that they are used by you or someone in your household. For example, Media Buyers may deliver ads on a tablet based on activities you engaged in on your smartphone. To opt out of cross-device targeting practices, please follow the instructions located at “
Opting Out of Cross-Device Targeting
.”
Our Publishers and Clients also may use information about your activity across multiple, unaffiliated third-party mobile applications for targeted advertising, analytics, and reporting purposes. For example, if you use a travel app, these third parties may display travel-related ads to you on other, unrelated apps.
To opt out of cross-app targeting practices, please follow the instructions located at “
Opting Out of Interest-Based Advertising for Mobile Advertising Identifiers
” in the “
Your Privacy Choices
” section of the
Opt Out webpage
.
HOW WE DISCLOSE USER INFORMATION
Because of the role that PubMatic plays in the advertising ecosystem, many of the use cases described above involve a transfer of data to third parties – often to a Publisher or a Media Buyer. For example, when a Publisher works with us to fill an ad on one of their digital properties, we share information with Media Buyers so that they can determine whether they want to show an ad on that property, how much they want to spend on that ad impression, and what ad to show. More detail on these disclosures is provided below. For the purposes described in this Policy, we share your User Information with the following categories of recipients:
Our affiliates
: We may disclose your information to our affiliates (see “
Who We Are
“) who provide data processing and business administration support for the purposes described in this Policy. PubMatic, Inc., is the party responsible for the management of your User Information jointly used by it and its affiliates.
Third party service providers and partners
: We may disclose your information to our third party service providers and partners who provide data processing services to support the delivery of our Ad Services, or who have a key function in the online advertising ecosystem and with whom it is necessary for PubMatic to exchange information in order to deliver the Ad Services, in each case for purposes described in this Policy.
The following table lists the main categories third party service providers we engage to process your User Information and partners with whom information is exchanged, the nature of the services or role they provide, and the types of User Information they receive in order to provide these services / fulfill their role.
Category of Service Provider or Partner
Nature of Services / Information Sharing
User Information
Publishers
We may disclose data collected through our Ad Services to our Publishers to allow them to analyse the effectiveness and performance of our Ad Services and to offer targeted ad inventory to our Media Buyer Clients.
Browser and Device Information; Behavioral Information; Ad Interaction; Geolocation; Audience Segments; ID Sync Data
Media Buyers
We may share data we collect in connection with our Ad Services with our Media Buyer Clients for purposes relevant to our business relationships with them, such as for billing purposes, dispute resolution, or fraud prevention. This data is also allows them to make decisions regarding buying advertising inventory on Publishers’ Digital Properties and other websites and applications; to analyze the effectiveness and performance of their advertising campaigns via our services; and to enable our Media Buyer Clients to provide you with more personalized content.
Browser and Device Information; Behavioral Information; Ad Interaction; Partner Provided Information; Geolocation; Audience Segments; ID Sync Data; Business Administration Information.
Other Clients
We may share certain data we collect in connection with our Ad Services with brands, agencies and other interested third parties to help them better identify and validate commercial opportunities, promote transparency, and protect against fraud.
Browser and Device Information; Behavioral Information; Ad Interaction; Publisher Provided Information; Geolocation; Audience Segments; ID Sync Data
Attribution and Analytics Partners
We may share data (such as cookie ID, mobile device ID, or other unique identifier) with our (or our Publisher or Media Buyer’s) attribution and analytics partners to validate and measure the success and effectiveness of ads delivered via the Platform.
Browser and Device Information; Behavioral Information; Ad Interaction; Partner Provided Information; Geolocation; Audience Segments; ID Sync Data
IT service providers
IT service providers work on behalf of or with us to allow us to operate the Ad Services, and typically provide services such as data storage, data processing services, hosting services, and technical support.
Browser and Device Information; Behavioral Information; Ad Interaction; Publisher Provided Information; Geolocation; Audience Segments; ID Sync Data
Professional service providers
Professional service providers may be persons, companies or professional firms providing us with advice and consulting in areas such as lead management, campaign management, legal services, accountancy services, and fraud prevention.
Potentially all data types.
Other third parties
:
Buyers of some or part of our business
: We may share your information with a third party in the event of a contemplated or actual reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer, or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets, or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
For legal purposes
: We may share your information as we believe to be necessary or appropriate: (a) under applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence; (b) to comply with subpoenas, warrants, or other legal process; (c) to respond to requests from public and government authorities including public and government authorities outside your country of residence; (d) to enforce our terms and conditions; (e) to protect our operations or those of any of our affiliates; (f) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others; and (g) to allow us to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims.
With consent
: We may disclose an individual’s information to others with the individual’s consent to such disclosure.
YOUR PRIVACY CHOICES AND DATA RIGHTS
Your Privacy Choices
Cookies
To opt out of receiving advertising targeted to your interests (including retargeting) from our Ad Services through the use of cookies in your current browser, and for more information on what it means to opt out, please go to
https://pubmatic.com/legal/opt-out/
. Your opt-out choice will be linked to your browser only; therefore, you will need to renew your opt-out choice if you use a new device or browser, or if you clear your browser’s cookies. See PubMatic’s
Ad Services or “Platform Cookie Policy”
for more information on how PubMatic uses cookies and other similar technologies.
Mobile Apps
Your device may also include a feature that allows you to opt in to or out of having certain information collected through mobile apps used for targeted advertising purposes.
Connected TVs
Our Clients and partners may display interest-based advertising on CTVs (also known as smart TVs or connected devices), based on your use of CTVs over time and across non-affiliated CTV apps. To learn more about these practices and how to opt out, please review your connect TV’s settings menu and visit
https://thenai.org/opt-out/connected-tv-choices/
.
Industry Opt Outs
We are a member of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI). We also adhere to the Digital Advertising Alliance’s (DAA) Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising and Multi-Site Data, the Application of Self-Regulatory Principles to the Mobile Environment, and the Application of the DAA Principles of Transparency and Control to Data Used Across Devices. PubMatic also adheres to the Interactive Advertising Bureau (“IAB”) Code of Conduct, and actively participates in the IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework (TCF 2). We comply with IAB’s Specifications and Policies under vendor identification number 76. Please visit
optout. networkadvertising.org
, or
optout.aboutads.info
to learn how to exercise choice regarding the collection of information about your online activities over time and across multiple third-party websites, online services, devices, or applications for interest-based advertising purposes.
Some of our Publishers have their own opt-out mechanisms that are linked from their sites, which you should review if you no longer wish to receive targeted advertising from a particular company.
Your Data Rights
Individuals may be entitled to exercise certain data subject rights available under applicable laws. These rights may include the right to request access to User Information we hold. Individuals may also have the right to object to, or request that we restrict, processing of User Information, such as profiling we perform for the purpose of interest-based advertising. Individuals may also have the right to ask that User Information be corrected, erased, or transferred to another party. Where we have asked for consent to process data, consent may be withdrawn.
To make a request to exercise your data rights with respect to your User Information, please visit our
DSR Notice Page
. We will take steps to verify your request, such as by asking you to provide confirmation that you control the device to which the request relates. We reserve the right to confirm your residence to accurately process your request and will need to confirm your identity to process your requests to exercise your right to know/access, delete, and correct. This is a security measure to, for example, help ensure we do not disclose information to a person who is not entitled to receive it. The identity verification process may vary depending on how you submit your request. We will only ask for information that we process to verify your identity, such as a cookie ID or mobile advertising ID.
Appeals
If we deny your request, you may have the right to appeal our decision by contacting us at pubmaticprivacy[at]pubmatic[.]com. If you have concerns about the result of an appeal, you may contact the attorney general in the state where you reside.
Authorized Agents
If you are submitting a rights request as an authorized agent, you are required to submit proof of your identity, and proof of authorization to make the request, such as a valid power of attorney or signed permission from the individual who is the subject of the request. In some cases, we may ask the individual to confirm they have given you permission to make the request. Please be advised that we cannot process your request if you do not provide us with sufficient detail to allow us to understand and respond to it. If you are an authorized agent seeking to make a request for an individual, please visit our
DSR Notice Page
.
Nondiscrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising your privacy rights.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION FOR RESIDENTS SUBJECT TO STATE PRIVACY LAWS
Depending on your state of residence, you may have the right to request access to, or deletion or correction of, your User Information. To make such a request with respect to your User Information, please visit our
DSR Notice Page
. We will take steps to verify your request, such as by asking you to provide confirmation that you control the device to which the request relates.
Personal Information that May Be “Shared,” “Sold,” or processed for “Targeted Advertising” & Your Opt-Out Rights under State Privacy Laws
As described in this Platform Privacy Policy, we process information to personalize and deliver ads, and for other ads-related purposes, including to build interest segments. Some of these activities may be considered “sales” or “sharing” of your personal information or using your information for purposes of “targeted advertising” under certain State Privacy Laws. We do not knowingly sell or share personal information about consumers under the age of 18.
If you reside in California, you may also opt out of web-based sales and sharing via our browser cookie by visiting the digital properties of our Clients with a legally-recognized opt-out preference signal enabled, such as the Global Privacy Control.
Categories of Personal Information
Categories of Recipients
Identifiers (such as cookie IDs and device and advertising IDs)
Demographic information (such as age and gender)
Commercial information (such as apps you download, purchases you make, and other conversion activities)
Internet or other electronic network activity information (such as Publishers’ digital properties that you visit and ads you click on)
Geolocation information, (such as inferred location based on IP address or other types of information that may include precise geolocation information)
Inferences (such as interests associated with a cookie ID based on Publisher digital properties you visit)
Our Clients
Third party data partners
Other Publishers and advertising intermediaries
Please visit
CCPA Privacy Policy
to review our CPRA and Data Broker Metrics
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION FOR DATA SUBJECTS IN THE EEA, UK, AND SWITZERLAND
Depending on your location, you may have data subject rights (“
DSR
”s) described in the “
Your Data Rights
” section above; these rights are applicable, for example, to individuals located in the European Economic Area (“
EEA”
), United Kingdom (“
UK”
) and Switzerland. In order to exercise your rights under applicable laws, please visit our
DSR Notice Page
, which includes instructions for how to submit a request and details regarding our process for responding to requests.
If we have collected and processed your User Information with your consent, then you can
withdraw your consent
at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your User Information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
If you are located in the EEA or the UK, you may also have the right to
complain to a Data Protection Authority
about our collection and use of your User Information. For more information, please contact your local Data Protection Authority.
EEA
Data Protection Authority member list
UK
Information Commissioner’s Office
Please note that because most of the personal information we store can only identify a particular browser or device, and cannot directly identify you personally, you may need to provide us with additional information to enable us to identify the User Information we hold about you and ensure that we accurately fulfill your request and do not infringe on the privacy rights of other individuals.
INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSERS
In connection with the PubMatic Properties and Ad Services, your User Information may be transferred to, and processed by PubMatic, its service providers, and partners in countries other than the country in which you are resident, including in the United States, India, and other locations where we have offices or employees (please see our
Locations
page for a full list) or engage service providers or our partners. These countries may have data protection laws that are different from the laws of your country of residence and may not provide the same level of protection as your jurisdiction. Regardless of where your data is located, PubMatic shall process your User Information in accordance with this Platform Privacy Policy.
If you are located in the EEA, UK or Switzerland, we will protect your User Information when it is transferred outside of your jurisdiction by (i) processing it in compliance with the Data-Privacy Framework (as applicable, defined below); (ii) processing it in a territory that provides an adequate level of protection for User Informationbased on the receiving country’s data protection laws; or (iii) to the extent that the Data Privacy Framework is unavailable and the recipient country has not been deemed to provide adequate protection, implementing appropriate safeguards to protect your User Information, such as requiring the recipient to comply with the EU Standard Contractual Clauses, or another lawful and approved transfer mechanism. Where we transfer User Information originating in the EEA, UK or Switzerland pursuant to a contract incorporating the EU Standard Contractual Clauses or another lawful and approved transfer mechanism, you may request a copy of such transfer mechanism (subject to the removal of confidential or commercially sensitive information).
DATA-PRIVACY FRAMEWORK
PubMatic, Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“
EU-U.S. DPF”
), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“
Swiss-U.S. DPF”
) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce (together, referred to herein as the “
Data Privacy Framework”
). PubMatic, Inc. has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regards to the processing of User Information received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. PubMatic, Inc. has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regards to the processing of User Information received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. Further, PubMatic is responsible for the processing of personal data it receives, under the EU-U.S. DPF, and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. PubMatic complies with EU-U.S. DPF Principles for all onward transfers of personal data from the EU, including the onward transfer liability provisions. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Platform Privacy Policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the applicable Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over PubMatic, Inc’s compliance with the Data Privacy Framework. In certain situations, we may be required to disclose User Information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. In compliance with the Data Privacy Framework, PubMatic, Inc. commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of User Information received in reliance on EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF with our Data Protection Officer at dpo[at]pubmatic[.]com. Additionally, PubMatic commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to our U.S.-based third-party dispute resolution provider (free of charge), TRUSTe. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of TRUSTe are provided at no cost to you.
If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, or we are not able to resolve the issue, individuals have the right to lodge a complaint with their local data privacy authority. For contact details of local Data Protection Authorities, please visit the European Data Protection Board member list (
https://www.edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/about-edpb/members_en
) or the UK data protection regulator (
https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/
).
If you wish to exercise your rights under the EU General Data Protection Regulation (EU GDPR) or have any queries in relation to your rights or general privacy matters, please write to: Attn: EEA Contact Representative, PubMatic GmbH, Barbara Strozzilaan 101, 1083 HN Amsterdam Netherlands or pubmaticprivacy[at]pubmatic[.]com.
Under certain conditions, more fully described on the DPF website,
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/ANNEX-I-introduction-dpf?tabset-35584=2
you may be entitled to invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted.
RETENTION OF USER INFORMATION
We will retain User Information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purpose of collection, including for the purposes of satisfying any business, legal, regulatory, accounting, or reporting requirements; to establish and defend legal claims; for fraud prevention purposes; or as long as required to meet our legal obligations. To determine the appropriate retention period for User Information, we consider the volume, nature, and sensitivity of the data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of that data, the purposes for which we process the data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, along with any applicable legal requirements.
The following represents the retention periods of User Information, by data type. For clarity, we will revise these periods as required or permitted by law.
USER INFORMATION
RETENTION PERIOD
Pseudonymous and/or obfuscated identifiers (e.g., Cookies, unique online IDs, mobile device advertising IDs, CTV/OTT ID, IP address, browser and/or device information, hashed emails, ID Syncing data); and Geolocation data)
20 days
Information linked to pseudonymous identifiers (e.g., web browsing history from advertising impressions; ad engagement statistics; digital property engagement analytics; and demographic data)
120 days
Personal data created through our processing (e.g., audience segmentation)
90 days
SECURITY
We use reasonable organizational, technical, administrative, and physical safeguards to protect the User Information we collect and process. The measures we use are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing User Information If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for example, if you feel that the security of any account you might have with us has been compromised), please immediately notify us of the problem by contacting us in accordance with the “Contacting Us” section below.
UPDATES TO THIS POLICY
We will review and update this Policy periodically and will note the date of its most recent revision at the top of this Policy. If we make material changes to this Policy, we will post the revised Policy on our website and may take additional measures to inform you about such changes prior to such changes taking effect. We encourage you to review this Policy frequently.
CONTACTING US
If you have any questions about this Platform Privacy Policy or PubMatic’s privacy practices, please contact us by email at pubmaticprivacy[at]pubmatic[.]com, or by mail using the details provided below.
Please note that email communications are not always secure, so please do not include sensitive information in your emails to us.
Residents outside the European Economic Area (EEA):
PubMatic, Inc. c/o Privacy
601 Marshall Street
Redwood City, California 94063, USA
European Economic Area (EEA), and Swiss Residents:
Attn: EEA Representative
PubMatic GmbH
Barbara Strozzilaan 101
1083 HN Amsterdam, Netherlands
UK Residents:
Attn: UK Representative
PubMatic Limited
18 – 22 Stoney Lane
Yardley, Birmingham B25 8YP, England
To comply with our obligations under EU/ UK data protection legislation, we have appointed a Data Protection Officer (DPO). Our DPO is contactable at dpo[at]pubmatic[.]com or by mail using the details provided above. Who is the controller of my data? For the purposes of EU/UK data protection legislation, PubMatic, Inc is the controller of your User Information.
About Cookies On This Site
We use cookies to personalize and enhance your experience on our site. Visit our
Privacy Policy
to learn more or manage your personal preferences in our
Cookie Consent Tool
. By using our site, you agree to our use of cookies.
Decline
Accept
Options
Sub-policy 12
https://www.smaato.com/privacy/:
Platform
Monetize
SPX Monetization Solution
Integration Center
Mediation Options
Programmatic Deals
Header Bidding Solutions
Advertise
SDX Marketer Solution
Extend Your Reach
Customer Data Platform (CDP)
Consent Management Platform (CMP)
Smaato Intelligence (SI)
Prepackaged Deals
Omnichannel Advertising
Native Ads
OTT/CTV Ads
Video Ads
Display Ads
Market Quality
Overview
Ad Quality
Traffic Quality
Insights
Case Studies
Guides and Reports
Videos & Webinars
Whitepapers
View All
Company
About
Events
Careers
Our Values
In the News
Marketplace Overview
Blog
Docs
Contact
Log In
Publishers: SPX
Marketers: SDX
Get Started
Home
|
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Smaato Privacy Policy governing information provided to us from your use of the Smaato Site
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
EU Applicant Privacy Policy
CCPA Applicant Privacy Notice
SG Applicant Privacy Policy
CCPA Privacy Notice
Publisher Policies
Demand Policies
Partner List
Cookie Policy
SDK License Agreement
Effective Date:
November 7, 2024
1. Introduction and Background
2. Privacy Practices for the Smaato Ad Services
3. Cookies, Pixel Tags, and SDKs
4. Consumer Control and Opt-Out Options
5. Privacy Practices for the Smaato Websites
6. Data Access and Retention
7. Data Security
8. Third-Party Websites and Apps
9. Users from Outside the United States
10. California Do-Not-Track Statement
11. The EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
12. Our Memberships and Affiliations
13. Changes to This Privacy Policy
14. Contacting Us
Smaato, Inc. (“Smaato,” “we,” “our,” or “us”) provides this privacy policy to explain how we collect, use, and share information. This privacy policy (“Policy”) covers Smaato’s handling of two types of information:
Information we receive from our Clients about end users (“End Users”) of third-party mobile applications (“apps”) that use our Software Development Kit (“SDK”), other collection interfaces (collectively, “APIs”), the Smaato Demand Platform (“SDX”), or the Smaato Publisher Platform (“SPX”) (collectively, the “Smaato Ad Services”), and
Information we receive through our corporate website at www.smaato.com or any other website on which this Policy is posted, as well as information we get through other corporate services and web portals we make available to clients and business partners (“Smaato Websites”). We describe the information received through the Smaato Websites in Section 5 below, titled “Privacy Practices for the Smaato Websites.”
We encourage consumers to learn about how information (including information we collect) can be used to market to them, and how to exercise their choices to permit or limit such marketing. We describe ways consumers can exercise that choice or opt-out of marketing in Section 4 below, titled “Consumer Control and Opt-Out Options.”
1. Introduction and Background
Smaato provides mobile advertising technology services that facilitate transactions among demand-side platforms, advertisers, app developers, publishers of mobile websites and/or apps, and ad exchanges (collectively, “Clients”), and service providers (collectively “Partners”). We do this by making available the Smaato Ad Services and other tools to Clients. Clients use the Smaato Ad Services and other tools to deliver advertising to End Users, and we in turn provide our services to help Clients (and their own customers) to deliver ads that are of interest to End Users. We explain what SDKs and APIs are in Section 3 below, titled “Cookies, Pixel Tags, and SDKs,” which also explains how cookies and similar technologies (which we also use to provide the Smaato Ad Services) work.
2. Privacy Practices for the Smaato Ad Services
a. Information Collected Through the Smaato Ad Services
Through the Smaato Ad Services, we may collect information about End Users (to the extent that Clients pass such information to Smaato), which includes:
IP addresses, from which geographic location may be inferred, as well as system configuration information such as information about End Users’ operating system;
Rough geolocation information;
Cookie IDs, Mobile advertising identifiers, such as iOS IDFAs and Google Advertising IDs (collectively, “Mobile IDs”);
Age;
Gender;
Device type and other device information (e.g., whether an End User is using a smartphone or tablet, and related information);
Network provider;
Mobile browser (e.g., Firefox, Safari, and Chrome); and
Other unique identifiers that may be associated with an End Users’ device, including identifiers provided by Clients or their service providers.
We refer to all of the above information as the “Service Information.”
b. How We Use the Information Collected Through the Smaato Ad Services
We use the Service Information to provide a variety of services to our Clients related to advertising and marketing, including services we may describe elsewhere on Smaato Websites. This includes use of the Service Information for purposes such as to:
Provide customer, technical, and operational support for the Smaato Ad Services, detect and protect against errors, fraud, or other criminal activity, and resolve disputes and enforce our terms and conditions and other rights we may have. This may also include analyzing, customizing, and improving the features of the Smaato Ad Services;
Provide information and analytics to Clients about the advertising inventory provided through the Smaato Ad Services;
We, or our Clients, may deploy online cookies to track End Users across mobile websites and/or apps, or to associate End Users and these cookies with Mobile IDs. You can learn more about cookies and similar technologies, such as web beacons and SDKs, in Section 3 below, titled “Cookies, Pixel Tags, and SDKs.”
c. How We Share Information We Collect Through the Smaato Ad Services
We share the Service Information with Clients and Partners in order to provide the Smaato Ad Services. For example, we share the Service Information with:
Clients and their marketing and service providers, so they may provide targeted advertising to End Users on mobile websites and/or apps;
Partners that facilitate the functioning of the Smaato Ad Services (e.g., traffic and ad quality verification vendors and data centers).
Even when a Client no longer accesses our SDK, we may continue to use and share Service Information as described in this Policy. The processes we described above often involve cookies or similar technologies, which may be associated with other information about End Users, such as End Users’ interests, demographics, or transactions. This is generally known as “interest-based advertising.” We encourage individuals who are interested in controlling or learning about this type of advertising to go to Section 4 below, titled “Consumer Control and Opt-Out Options,” or go to the Digital Advertising Alliance’s (DAA’s) website at www.aboutads.info. We may also share Service Information with third parties:
Pursuant to a request or authorization by an End User or Client;
If the disclosure is provided to: (a) comply in good faith with applicable laws, rules, regulations, governmental and quasi-governmental requests, court orders, or subpoenas, including for purposes of national security and law enforcement; (b) enforce our terms and conditions or other agreements; or (c) protect our, or any other person’s or entity’s, interests, rights, property, or safety, or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual unlawful activity;
Where the information is aggregated or de-identified; and
As part of a business purchase, sale, merger, consolidation, investment, change in control, transfer of all or substantially all of our assets, reorganization or liquidation, bankruptcy, or in connection with steps taken in anticipation of such an event (e.g. due diligence).
3. Cookies, Pixel Tags, and SDKs
a. Cookies and Pixel Tags
Cookies are small data files containing a string of characters, such as unique browser identifiers. Cookies are stored on your computer or other device and act as unique tags that identify your browser. Our servers may deploy a cookie on your browser when you visit the Smaato Websites. Our Clients and Partners may do likewise on the Smaato Websites, our Clients’ and Partners’ websites, and elsewhere. Smaato may use both session cookies and persistent cookies. Persistent cookies, unlike session cookies, remain after you close your browser, and may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to any given website. Using persistent cookies, a site operator (or a third party they work with) can “remember” what you have previously done on a website and personalize the site, or ads you see, for you. This technology may also provide a site operator or third party (or us, when you visit the Smaato Websites) with information regarding your IP address, browser type, the web pages that you visit just before or after visiting a website, the web pages viewed, and the dates and times of your visits. A pixel tag (also commonly known as a web beacon or clear GIF) is an invisible 1 x 1 pixel that is placed on certain web pages. When you access a web page with a pixel tag, the pixel tag may generate a generic notice of the visit, and permit us, or our Clients or Partners, to set or read cookies. Pixel tags are used in combination with cookies to track the activity on a website by a particular browser on a particular device. If you disable cookies, pixel tags simply detect a given website visit. We, alone or with our Clients and Partners, may use cookies to, for example, “remember” you, track trends, and collect information about how you use our Clients’ or Partners’ websites or interact with advertising. We, and our Clients and Partners, use cookies to provide relevant content to you and replace non-relevant ads with ads that better match your interests. If you wish to opt-out of interest-based mobile advertising, please see Section 4 below, titled “Consumer Control and Opt-Out Options.” Please note that disabling cookies may prevent you from accessing some of the Smaato Websites’ functionalities and offerings, and those of other websites you visit.
b. Mobile Device Identifiers and SDKs
We, or our Clients or Partners, may use or work with mobile SDKs (including our own SDK(s), which are described in more detail in this Policy) to collect information, such as Mobile IDs, and information related to how mobile devices and their users interact with our Smaato Ad Services and those using our Smaato Ad Services. The SDK is computer code that app developers can include in their apps to enable ads to be shown, data to be collected, and related services to be implemented. Sometimes, we obtain data through other (generally, simpler) interfaces that deliver similar data to us, which are commonly referred to (and which we refer to) as APIs. We may use these technologies, for example, to analyze or measure certain advertising through apps and browsers based on information associated with your mobile device. If you would like to opt-out from having ads tailored to you in this way on your mobile device, please follow the instructions in Section 4 below, titled “Consumer Control and Opt-Out Options.”
4. Consumer Control and Opt-Out Options
In most cases, consumers have control over whether or not they would like to receive relevant ads and marketing emails from our Clients. To change the settings for the cookies Smaato sets on your devices through the Smaato Websites, please visit our Cookie Policy.
a. Opting Out of Online Interest-Based Advertising from Cookies
You can opt-out of many of the publishers, platforms and service providers we work with that support online interest-based advertising from cookies or similar technologies by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance’s consumer education and opt-out page at http://www.aboutads.info (or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page at http://www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in the European Union). Some of our publisher Clients have their own opt-out mechanisms that are linked from their websites or their online-posted privacy policies. You should review the privacy policies of those companies for these opt-out links if you no longer wish to receive targeted advertising from a certain company, or multiple companies. You can also click below to opt-out of having the Smaato Ad services used to select ads for your browser based on your online web browsing behavior. When you opt-out, an opt-out cookie (from smaato.net) will be stored in your web browser. Our platform will know the choice you have made when it sees your opt-out cookie, and will apply your choice to all companies using Smaato Ad services for online interest-based advertising from cookies. Please note: This type of opt-out is cookie-based, which means that if you block cookies, upgrade your browser or delete your cookies, you will need to opt-out again. Also, in order for your opt-out choice to be effective, you must ensure that your browser is set to accept third-party cookies such as the Smaato opt-out cookie. Some browsers block third-party cookies by default, and you may need to change your browser settings to accept third-party cookies before opting out. If you use a different device or browser, or erase cookies from your browser, you will need to renew your opt-out choice. Even if you opt-out, Smaato may continue to collect data for other purposes and you still will receive advertising from the Smaato Ad Service when you visit websites of a publisher Client who uses our Platform – but such advertising will not be personalized to you.
b. Opting Out of Cross-App Advertising on Mobile Devices
You can opt-out of having your Mobile IDs used for certain types of interest-based mobile advertising (also called “cross-app advertising”), including those performed by Smaato, by accessing the settings on your Apple or Android mobile device, as follows:
Apple Devices: If you have an Apple device, you can opt-out of most cross-app advertising by updating to iOS 6.0 or higher and enabling “Limit Ad Tracking.”
iOS 7 and Higher: Go to Settings → Privacy → Advertising, and toggle “Limit Ad Tracking” to ‘ON.’
iOS 6: Go to Settings → General → About → Advertising, and toggle “Limit Ad Tracking” to ‘ON.’
Android Devices: If you have an Android device, you can opt-out of most cross-app advertising by going to Google Settings → Ads, and selecting the option to opt-out of interest-based ads.
Please note that these platforms control how these settings work, so the above instructions may change, and the precise language may be different on certain (particularly, on older) devices. Likewise, if your device uses other platforms not described above, please check the settings for those devices.
c. Additional Choices
Advertisers may also provide ways for you to opt-out from, or limit their collection of, certain information from and about you. Please refer to the privacy policies for retailers, apps, and mobile websites to learn more about their privacy practices. You may opt-out from receiving promotional emails from us, such as emails to inform you about events and new services, by following the “unsubscribe” instructions in any promotional email you receive, or by contacting us at
marketing@smaato.com
*protected email*
. Please note, however, that we may still send you non-promotional emails relating to your relationship with us.
5. Privacy Practices for the Smaato Websites
a. Information We Collect Through the Smaato Websites
The Smaato Websites provide information regarding Smaato and our products and services. Through the Smaato Websites, we collect the information you voluntarily disclose to us, and we may also obtain automatically-collected information.
i. Information You Disclose to Us
When registering for an account, expressing an interest in obtaining additional information about Smaato or our products and services, or otherwise contacting us through the Smaato Websites, we collect the information you voluntarily disclose to us, such as your name, mailing address, email address, telephone number, credit card number, and other billing information. You may also provide us with certain information about your business or other individuals.
ii. Automatically-Collected Information
When you visit the Smaato Websites, we may use cookies and pixel tags that we associate with unique identifiers to keep track of visitor interactions and personalize your experience on the Smaato Websites. For more information, please see Section 3 above, titled “Cookies, Pixel Tags, and SDKs.” We may also use third-party services, such as Google Analytics, that gather information such as your IP address, browser type, the web page from which you came to the Smaato Websites, and the times of your visit. In addition, as you browse the Smaato Websites, advertising cookies may be placed on your computer so that we can “remember” your interests. Our display advertising partners may then help us retarget ads to you on other sites based on your interactions with the Smaato Websites. To opt-out of such interest-based mobile advertising, please see Section 4 above, titled “Consumer Control and Opt-Out Options.” Opting out in this way will not prevent you from receiving ads; rather, the ads you see will be less customized to you.
b. How We Use Information We Collect Through the Smaato Websites
In addition to the uses described elsewhere in this Policy, we use the information we collect through the Smaato Websites (alone or in combination) to provide, market, improve, and operate the Smaato Websites, Smaato Ad Services, and any other products or services we have or may develop. This includes use of the information to:
Fulfill your requests;
Send information about our products and services, including marketing communications;
Respond to your questions, concerns, or customer service inquiries;
Create aggregated or de-identified information;
Comply with applicable laws, prevent fraud, mitigate risk, and perform similar purposes;
Understand usage trends and preferences;
Analyze, improve, and provide products and services;
Customize the content and advertising you see on the Smaato Websites, across the Internet, and elsewhere; and/or
Perform other purposes at your request.
c. How We Share Information We Collect Through the Smaato Websites
We may share the information we collect through the Smaato Websites in the following situations:
With your consent, including through this Policy;
With our affiliates;
With third parties that help us to operate our business and provide our services, such as entities that provide us with technical, customer, billing, administrative, event planning, marketing, or operational services;
As part of a business purchase, sale, merger, consolidation, investment, change in control, transfer of all or substantially all of our assets, reorganization or liquidation, bankruptcy, or in connection with steps taken in anticipation of such an event (e.g. due diligence);
When required by law or in response to lawful process, such as a subpoena, or to cooperate in good faith with a request from a government or law enforcement agency or official, including for purposes of national security and law enforcement;
If we believe sharing the information may prevent physical, financial or other harm, injury, or loss; or
If we believe sharing the information is necessary to protect our, or any other person’s or entity’s, interests, rights, property, or safety, or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual unlawful activity.
With respect to aggregated or de-identified information, we may share such information without restriction.
d. Analytics Services
For the purpose of designing our website in line with your needs, evaluating it from a business management perspective, controlling it and continuously optimizing our pages, we use services described in more detail below on the basis of Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. a) and f) GDPR. All of the mentioned processing operations result in a transfer of data to the servers of the providers of tracking or targeting technologies commissioned by us. Some of these servers are located in the USA. The data transfer is based on so-called standard contractual clauses of the EU Commission or under the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles and and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the/or Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles. If you do not agree with the storage and evaluation of your data, you can object to the storage and processing of your data in the consent banner on our website. In this case, a so-called opt-out cookie will be stored in your browser, which means that the services used will not process any session data. However, you may then no longer be able to use all the functions on our websites. You can also prevent the storage of cookies by adjusting your browser software accordingly; however, we would like to point out that in this case you may not be able to use all functions of our websites to their full extent.
Google reCAPTCHA
We use the reCaptcha service of Google LLC (“Google”), 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA, to protect us from spam and misuse. We use this processing on the basis of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) GDPR. This service serves to distinguish whether an entry was made by a human being or abusively by automated, machine processing. To determine this, Google places a cookie in your browser when you use the reCaptcha service and collects and processes the following data:
Referrer URL (address of the page on which the captcha is used)
Browser, browser size and resolution, browser plug-ins, date, language setting
Mouse- or Touch-Events within the reCaptcha box
Assignment to a Google account (if you are currently logged in to Google when using the reCaptcha service, this will be recognized and assigned)
Your input behaviour (e.g. answering the reCAPTCHA question, input speed into the form fields, order of selection of input fields by the user) is processed to improve pattern recognition on Google. Google also reads the cookies from other Google services such as Gmail, Search and Analytics. All of the above data is sent to Google in encrypted form. Google’s subsequent evaluation decides in which form the captcha is displayed on the page – in the form of a checkbox or by text input. A readout or saving of personal data from the input fields of the respective form does not take place. Further information about Google’s privacy policy can be found at https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/ .
Google Analytics – Google Universal Analytics
Smaato uses Google Universal Analytics, a web analytics tool from Google and we have a privacy agreement with Google. Google uses Cookies. The information generated by the Cookies on the use of the Smaato website by the users are usually transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. However, Smaato has activated the IP anonymization, so that your IP address will be shortened by Google within member states of the European Union or in other signatory states to the Agreement on the European Economic Area before this happens. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transferred to a Google server in the USA and shortened there. On behalf of Smaato, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on the website activities and to provide further services to us in connection with the use of the website and the Internet. The IP address transmitted by your browser within the framework of Google Analytics is not combined with other data from Google. We use this processing on the basis of Art. 6 Par. 1 lit. f) GDPR for range measurement and evaluation (so-called statistics). In this case there is no further processing of your data for marketing or retargeting purposes. This serves the business optimization of our processes. If you have given your consent (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a) GDPR), we will also process your data for marketing purposes. You can find more information on terms of use and data protection at https://www.google.com/analytics/terms or https://marketingplatform.google.com/about/. We would like to point out that on this website Google Analytics has been extended by the code “gat._anonymizeIp();” in order to ensure the anonymous processing of IP addresses (so-called IP masking). If you do not agree with the processing of your data by Google Analytics, you can object here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de
6. Data Access and Retention
Generally speaking, we retain the information collected from the Smaato Websites and Smaato Ad Services for as long as necessary to achieve our objectives as detailed in this Policy, and to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), Switzerland, the United Kingdom (UK), California, or Virginia, you may obtain a copy of the information we have about you, and correct or amend such information, by contacting us at
datarights@smaato.com
*protected email*
or by submitting a request to our online web form. You may read more about this and other rights in Section 11 below.
7. Data Security
We have administrative, technical, and physical safeguards in place in our physical facilities and in our computer systems, databases, and communications networks that are designed to protect the information from loss, misuse, or alteration. No method of electronic transmission or storage is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee absolute security of your information. To assist with data security, you understand that YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR MAINTAINING THE SECRECY OF ANY ACCOUNT CREDENTIALS THAT CAN BE USED TO ACCESS ANY ACCOUNT WITH SMAATO. ANY ACTIONS TAKEN USING YOUR ACCOUNT CREDENTIALS ARE YOUR SOLE RESPONSIBILITY.
8. Third-Party Websites and Apps
This Policy only applies to the Smaato Websites and the Smaato Ad Services. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or disclosures of websites, developers, or apps that access or use the Smaato Websites or Smaato Ad Services. Likewise, when you access the Smaato Websites, you may be directed to other websites that are also beyond our control. We encourage you to read the applicable privacy policies and terms and conditions of such third parties and websites, and the industry tools that we have referenced in this Policy.
9. Users from Outside the United States
The Smaato Websites and Smaato Ad Services are provided, supported, and hosted in the United States, and their operation is governed by United States law. If you are using the Smaato Websites or Smaato Ad Services from outside the United States, be aware that your Information may be transferred to, stored, and processed in the United States and other countries where our facilities are located. The data protection and other laws of the United States might not be as comprehensive as those in your country. By using the Smaato Websites or Smaato Ad Services, you consent to your information being transferred to our facilities and to the facilities of those third parties with whom we share your information as described in this Policy. Please see Section 11 below, titled “The EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)” for additional information we provide for the benefit of residents of the EEA, Switzerland, and the UK.
10. California Privacy Notice
Please see our California Privacy Notice for California Consumers
here
.
11. The EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
As of May 25, 2018, a new data privacy law known as the EU General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”) will be in effect through the EEA, Switzerland, and the UK. The GDPR requires Smaato and those using our services to provide users with certain information about the processing of their “Personal Data.” “Personal Data” is a term used under the GDPR that means, generally, data that identifies or can identify a particular unique user or device – for instance, names, addresses, and Mobile IDs. To comply with the GDPR, we provide the below representations and information, which are specific to persons located in the EEA, Switzerland, or the UK and to the processing of personal data in the context of the activities of Smaato, Inc., Barcastraße 5, 22087 Hamburg, Germany.
a. Legal Grounds for Processing Personal Data
The GDPR requires us to tell you about the legal ground we are relying on to process any Personal Data about you. The legal grounds for us processing your Personal Data for the purposes set out in Sections 1 and 2 above (and Section 5 as to the Smaato Websites) will typically be because:
You provided your consent.
In order to store and gain access to information stored on your device, we rely on your consent. For this “cookie consent” (which applies not only to “cookies” but also to Mobile IDs), we rely on mobile app developers and oblige them contractually to pass on only legally obtained data. We do so to fulfill our obligations under the ePrivacy Directive. We may choose to obtain consent in other cases as well, in which case we will adhere to applicable laws relating to such consent and its withdrawal;
The processing is in our legitimate interest.
In some cases, we rely on legitimate interest as a legal basis for processing Personal Data, in order to provide our and/or other data controllers’ services. Such processing goes beyond the original collection of Mobile IDs. A legitimate interest we rely on, for instance, is the tailoring of promotional communications within mobile apps and services, which is beneficial to End Users and is an integral part of the ecosystem by which freely available content is funded through advertising revenue. This also may include providing analysis of and reporting about ad campaigns. We also rely on legitimate interest when we use Personal Data to maintain the security of our services, such as to detect fraud or to ensure that bugs are detected and fixed;
Contractual relationships.
Sometimes, we process certain data as necessary under a contractual relationship we have (such as our customer records and contact information);
Legal obligations.
Finally, some processing of data may be necessary for us to comply with our legal or regulatory obligations.
b.	Transfers of Personal Data
As Smaato is a global company and works with other global companies and technologies, we may need to transfer your Personal Data outside of the country from which it was originally provided. For instance, we may transfer your data to third parties that we work with who may be located in jurisdictions outside of the EEA, Switzerland, or the UK, and which may have data protection laws that are less strict in comparison to those in Europe. When we transfer Personal Data outside of the EEA, Switzerland, or the UK, we take steps to ensure appropriate safeguards are in place to protect your Personal Data. Your Personal Data will only be transferred to third countries outside the EEA, Switzerland or the UK within the legally permissible framework. We transfer Personal Data to third countries outside the EU/EEA (a) as stipulated by law or based on your consent, (b) based on the adequacy decisions of the European Commission (a public and updated list of these countries can be found here) and (c) by contractual regulations such as the EU Standard Data Protection Clauses (a public and updated list of these clauses can be found here). These safeguards shall ensure an adequate level of protection of your Personal Data and you can access further details regarding these safeguards upon request. Smaato, Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Smaato has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Smaato has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.

Further, Smaato is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC).

In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Smaato commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU and UK individuals and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact
privacy@smaato.com
*protected email*
. or at the contact information in Section 14 below, titled “Contacting Us,” and we will work with you to resolve your issue. If you are a resident of the EU, UK, or Switzerland, you may also contact your appropriate European Data Protection Authority, the UK Information Commissioner’s Office, or the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner, respectively, with questions or complaints about our privacy practices. In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, we also commit to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to the International Centre for Dispute Resolution, the international division of the American Arbitration Association (“ICDR-AAA”), an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, you may, under certain circumstances, invoke binding arbitration; please notify us at
privacy@smaato.com
*protected email*
and/or please visit
https://www.icdr.org/dpf
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of IDCR-AAA are provided at no cost to you.
c.	Personal Data Retention
As a general matter, we retain your Personal Data for only as long as necessary to provide our Smaato Ad Services, or for other important purposes such as complying with legal obligations, resolving disputes, and enforcing our agreements. We generally render Mobile IDs inactive within 13 months, provided that we may retain them if we have a legal or significant operational need to do so, such as for auditing, corporate record-keeping, compliance accounting, or bug-fixes. If you are a Client of ours and thus have an account with us, we will typically retain your business-to-business Personal Data for a period of 3 years after you have requested that your account be closed, or such account has been inactive.
d.	Your Rights as a Data Subject
The GDPR provides you with certain rights in respect to Personal Data that data controllers hold about you, including certain rights to access Personal Data, to request correction of the Personal Data, to request to restrict or delete Personal Data, and to object to our processing of your Personal Data (including profiling for online ad targeting).
Right to Access:
If you wish to exercise your right to access Personal Data we process as a data controller, you may do so by requesting access through the e-mail address
privacy@smaato.com
*protected email*
. When we receive your request, we will provide you with current, step-by-step instructions to follow in order to obtain access. We will then assess requests to exercise data access rights on a case-by-case basis; in doing so, we consider the difficulty of verifying whether a mobile identifier and data we have linked to it truly and solely belongs to the data subject making the request, as well as the potential adverse effects on disclosure of personal data to the wrong individual. Because such improper disclosure would likely adversely affect the privacy rights and freedoms of the data subject, we may limit the Personal Data we make available. Please note that we will only grant requests submitted via email for Personal Data for which we are a data controller, as explained further below. Where we act as a data processor for one of our Clients, we will refer your request to that Client. Please identify the Client your request refers to (if possible), to simplify this process.
Right to Correct:
If you wish to exercise your right to correct Personal Data, you may do so by contacting us at the contact information below.
Right to Object to Processing or to Withdraw Consent:
By using the device-based “opt-out” signals described in Section 4(b) above, you may withdraw consent for processing on which we rely on consent. If you do so, we will cease processing your Personal Data for purposes of our services within 30 days or less. We either collect these opt-out signals ourselves or receive them from the mobile apps we work with.
Right to Erasure.
You also have the right to obtain the erasure of Personal Data concerning you that we hold as a data controller. The above opt-out process satisfies this right. When an End User opts-out through device settings, and we receive this signal from our Clients, the Personal Data we use to provide our services will be deleted within 30 days (if you have an Android device) or permanently rendered disconnected to your device (if you have an iOS device). We will also manually delete your Personal Data, subject our identity verification process mentioned above, if you prefer that we do so; please contact us at
privacy@smaato.com
*protected email*
for further instructions on exercising this right manually. Please note, however, that we may retain copies of certain Personal Data on inactive or backup files, for our own internal and necessary purposes, such as auditing, accounting and billing, legal, or bug detection. We will retain your Personal Data for the period necessary to fulfill any important purposes that we have in retaining it, principally regarding legal, auditing, accounting, and billing obligations.
Right to Lodge Complaints.
You have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. However, we hope that you will first consult with us, so that we may work with you to resolve any complaint or concern you might have.
e.	Smaato as a Data Controller and a Data Processor
EU data protection law makes a distinction between organizations that process Personal Data for their own purposes (known as “data controllers”) and organizations that process Personal Data on behalf of other organizations (known as “data processors”). If you have a question or complaint about how your Personal Data is handled, we encourage you to direct your inquiry to the relevant data controller, since data controllers hold primary responsibility for your Personal Data. Smaato may act as either a data controller or a data processor in handling your Personal Data, depending on the precise circumstances. For instance, for Personal Data that we use internally and independently to operate the Smaato Ad Services, and for Personal Data that we collect about our Clients, we are a data controller. If Smaato is acting as a data Controller, it remains primarily liable where this data is passed to third parties. But when we handle Personal Data strictly on behalf of our Clients or Partners in order to provide our services to them, we are a data processor. Thus, for instance, if you have questions about data that is used primarily by a mobile app on which our technology is embedded – or companies that serve ads that use our technology – you should contact those companies regarding questions about the Personal Data they handle and control.
f.	Contact Details and Controller
This data protection information applies to data processing by the data controller Smaato, Inc. for users based in the European Economic Area, Switzerland or the UK, unless otherwise stated in a service-specific data protection notice.
Smaato, Inc.
350 Fifth Avenue
Suite 7700
New York, NY 10118
Or our German office at:
Barcastraße 5, 1st Floor
22087 Hamburg, Germany
E-mail:
privacy@smaato.com
*protected email*
Our Data Protection Officer:
Fieldfisher Tech Rechtsanwaltsgesellschaft mbH
Amerigo-Vespucci-Platz 1
20457 Hamburg
Supervisory Authority
The Hamburg Commissioner for Data Protection and Freedom of Information
Ludwig-Erhard-Str 22, 7th floor
20459 Hamburg
Tel.: +49 (040) 42854-4040
E-mail:
mailbox@datenschutz.hamburg.de
*protected email*
12. Our Memberships and Affiliations
To help and foster the protection of consumer privacy, Smaato is an active member or participant of industry associations that govern the policies on consumer privacy in the context of internet-based advertising, including: the Interactive Advertising Bureau (IAB) America and Europe, the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA), and the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA). Smaato participates in, and complies with the policies and technical specifications of, the IAB Europe Transparency and Consent Framework (IAB TCF). Smaato’s IAB Europe-assigned identification number is Vendor ID #82. Please see Section 4 above, titled “Consumer Control and Opt-Out Options,” for more information about your privacy choices.
13. Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may occasionally update this Policy to reflect changes to our privacy practices. The amended Policy will be displayed on the Smaato Websites. Please check our Policy regularly to ensure you have read the latest version and to stay informed of our privacy practices. Your continued access to and use of the Smaato Websites and Smaato Ad Services constitute your acknowledgment of this Policy and any updates.
14. Contacting Us
If you have any general questions regarding this Policy, you may contact us by email at
privacy@smaato.com
*protected email*
or mailing the following address:
Smaato, Inc.
350 Fifth Avenue
Suite 7700
New York, NY 10118
Search
To give you the best possible experience on our website, we use cookies and comparable technologies. Mandatory cookies are needed for the functionality of the site; other cookies are used for performance and marketing purposes.

Among the providers that set other cookies on our site is Google Ireland Ltd. ("Google"). Google is based in the USA and processes the personal data collected there. By clicking on "Allow all cookies (including from US providers)", you also expressly consent to the processing of your data in the USA in accordance with Art. 49 Para. 1 S.1 lit. a) of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Under the item "Cookie Settings" you can, among other things, specifically set whether you allow the transfer of data to companies in the USA.

For more information about cookies and the processing of personal data, please see our
Cookie Policy
Reject All
Accept All
Cookies Settings
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Cookie Policy
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Details‎
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookies Details‎
Marketing Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Cookies Details‎
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-policy 13
https://legal.yahoo.com/us/en/yahoo/privacy/index.html:
Terms
Privacy Center
Back
Privacy Center
Topics
Products
Third Parties
State Privacy Rights
Back
State Privacy Rights
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Iowa
Montana
Nebraska
New Hampshire
New Jersey
Oregon
Texas
Utah
Virginia
Washington
Dashboard & Controls
Relevant Advertising
Intellectual Property
Back
Intellectual Property
Counterfeit Goods
Counter Notice Process
Repeat Infringer Policy
Trademarks
Permissions
Closed Captioning
Community Guidelines
Terms
Privacy Center
Topics
Products
Third Parties
State Privacy Rights
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Iowa
Montana
Nebraska
New Hampshire
New Jersey
Oregon
Texas
Utah
Virginia
Washington
Dashboard & Controls
Relevant Advertising
Intellectual Property
Counterfeit Goods
Counter Notice Process
Repeat Infringer Policy
Trademarks
Permissions
Closed Captioning
Community Guidelines
Welcome to the Yahoo Privacy Policy
Last updated: December 2024
About Yahoo
Yahoo, previously known as Verizon Media, is a technology and media company that provides a range of services. We serve our consumers, partners, advertisers and talent through our portfolio of digital platforms, products and services offered under our AOL, Yahoo and other
brands
.
We provide control tools to help you manage your experience with us. If you have an existing Yahoo or AOL account, you will need to agree to this Privacy Policy. If you have not yet agreed to this Privacy Policy, the
legacy Yahoo Privacy Policy
or
legacy Oath Privacy Policy (for AOL)
still apply to your account. For Yahoo products or services that are accessed without signing in to an account, this Privacy Policy applies to those products and services as of May 25, 2018. If you are creating a new account, the terms below apply starting today.
Except as set out elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, when we refer to ‘Yahoo’, it means Yahoo Inc., the US-established company that supplies the Services to you (and acts as data controller of the personal data Yahoo collects when you use those Services).
Our Privacy Pledge
Our commitment is to put users first. We strive to be transparent about how we collect and use your information, to keep your information secure and to provide you meaningful choices.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information Yahoo, its affiliates and its house of global
brands
(“Yahoo,” “us,” “our” or “we”) collect, why we collect it and what we do with it. This policy applies to Yahoo
brands
, websites, apps, advertising services, products, services or technologies (we’ll collectively refer to these as “Services”). Additional privacy practices for certain Services can be found in
Details for Specific Products and Services
.
Your Controls
We believe you should have tools to control your information. You can find controls to manage or review your account information, marketing preferences, location data, and search history at
Privacy Controls
. Some of our Services provide additional controls and privacy practices. (
See, Details for Specific Products and Services
)
Information Collection and Use - General
Certain categories of information collected by Yahoo are necessary to use our Services, such as the information you must provide when registering for some Services.
We may collect and combine information when you interact with Yahoo Services information outlined below:
Information You Provide to Us.
We may collect the information that you provide to us, such as:
When you create an account with a Yahoo Service or brand. (Please note, when you use our Services, we may recognize you or your devices even if you are not signed in to our Services.) Yahoo may use device IDs, cookies, and other signals, including information obtained from third parties, to associate accounts and/or devices with you.
When you use our Services to communicate with others or post, upload or store content (such as comments, photos, voice inputs, videos, emails, messaging services and attachments).
Yahoo analyzes and stores all communications content, including email content from incoming and outgoing mail. This allows us to deliver, personalize and develop relevant features, content, advertising and Services.
When you otherwise use our Services, such as title queries, watch history, page views, search queries, view the content we make available or install any Yahoo software such as plugins.
When you sign up for paid Services, use Services that require your financial information or complete transactions with us or our business partners, we may collect your payment and billing information.
Device Information.
We collect information from your devices (computers, mobile phones, tablets, etc.), including information about how you interact with our Services and those of our third-party partners and information that allows us to recognize and associate your activity across devices and Services. This information includes device specific identifiers and information such as
IP address
,
cookie information
, mobile device and advertising identifiers, browser version, operating system type and version, mobile network information, device settings, and software data. We may recognize your devices to provide you with personalized experiences and advertising across the devices you use.
Location Information.
We collect location information from a variety of sources. You can learn more about and manage your location permissions on our
Locations page
and by visiting the location settings tool on your devices.
Information from Cookies and Other Technologies.
We collect information when you access content,
advertising
, sites, interactive widgets, applications, and other products (both on and off of our Services) where Yahoo data collection technologies (such as
web beacons
, development tools,
cookies and other technologies
, etc.) are present. These data collection technologies allow us to understand your activity on and off our Services and to collect and store information when you interact with Services we offer to partners.
This information also includes the content or ads served, viewed or clicked on; cursor and scroll movements on our Services; certain screen interactions and content you input on the Services; the frequency and duration of your activities; the sites or apps you used before accessing our Services and where you went next; whether you engaged with specific content or ads; and whether you went on to visit an advertiser's website, downloaded an advertiser’s app, purchased a product or service advertised, or took other actions.
Information from Others.
We collect information about you when we receive it from other users, third-parties, and affiliates, such as:
When you connect your account to third-party services or sign in using a third-party partner (like Facebook or Twitter).
From publicly-available sources.
From advertisers about your experiences or interactions with their offerings.
When we obtain information from third-parties or
other companies
, such as those that use our Services. This may include your activity on other sites and apps as well as information those third-parties provide to you or us.
How We Use This Information
We are able to deliver, personalize, and improve our Services by combining and using the information we have about you (including information we receive on and off our Services) to understand how you use and interact with our Services and the people or things you’re connected to and interested in. We also may use the information we have about you for the following purposes:
Provide, maintain, improve, and develop relevant features, content, and Services.
Analyze your content and other information (including emails, instant messages, posts
photos, attachments, and other communications
). You can review and control certain types of information tied to your Yahoo account by using
Privacy Controls
.
Fulfill your requests and when authorized by you.
Help advertisers and publishers connect to offer relevant advertising in their apps and websites.
Match and serve targeted advertising (across devices and both on and off of our Services) and provide
targeted advertising
based on your device activity, inferred interests and location information.
Contact you with information about your account or with marketing messages, which
you can also control
.
Associate your activity across our Services and your different devices as well as associate any accounts you may use across Yahoo Services together. We may associate activity and accounts under a single user ID.
Carry out or support
promotions
.
Conduct research and support innovation.
Create analytics and reports for external parties, including partners, publishers, advertisers, apps,
third-parties
and the public regarding the use of and trends within our Services and ads, including showing trends to partners regarding general preferences, the effectiveness of ads and information on user experiences. These analytics and reports may include aggregate or pseudonymized information.
Provide location-based Services, advertising, search results, and other content consistent with your
location settings
.
Combine information we have about you with information we obtain from business partners or
other companies
, such as your activities on other sites and apps.
Detect and defend against fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful activity.
We provide you with controls to manage your experience with us. For example, you can review or edit your
account information
, manage your
marketing preferences
, or
opt out of targeted ads
. If you opt out, you will continue to see ads, but they may not be as relevant or useful to you.
If you are located in the European Union or European Economic Area or in the UK (EU/EEA/UK), please see Section 10 “Our Legal Bases for Processing Information” for more information that applies to your use of our Services.
How We Share This Information
Yahoo shares information within its affiliated brands and companies. We also share information we have about you for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, including to provide Services that you have requested (including when you connect with
third-party apps and widgets
). We do not sell, license or share information that individually identifies our customers with companies, organizations or individuals outside of Yahoo unless one of the following circumstances applies:
With Your Consent.
We will share information with companies, organizations or individuals outside of Yahoo when we have your consent.
Within Yahoo.
Information may also be shared within Yahoo, including with other Yahoo Services and affiliates. Yahoo affiliates may use the information in a manner consistent with their privacy policies.
With Partners.
We may share your information with nonaffiliated companies who are:
Trusted Partners.
We provide user information to or enable the collection of user information by trusted partners who work on behalf of or with Yahoo based on our directions and in compliance with appropriate confidentiality measures.
Advertising, Analytics and Business Partners (Limited to Non-Personally Identifiable Information).
We may share aggregated or pseudonymous information (including demographic information) with partners, such as publishers, advertisers, measurement analytics, apps, or
other companies
. For example, we may tell an advertiser how its ads performed or report how many people installed an app after seeing a promotion. We do not share personally identifiable information (like phone number or email address) with these partners, such as publishers, advertisers, ad agencies, or analytics partners.
When you use third-party apps, websites or other products integrated with our Services, they may collect information about your activities subject to their own terms and privacy policies.
We allow
other companies
that show advertisements on our webpages or apps to collect information from your browsers or devices. Other companies' use of cookies and other data collection technologies are subject to their own privacy policies, not this one.
For Legal and Other Purposes.
We may access, preserve and disclose information to investigate, prevent, or take action in connection with: (i) legal process and legal requests; (ii) enforcement of the
Terms
; (iii) claims that any content violates the rights of third-parties; (iv) requests for customer service; (v) technical issues; (vi) protecting the rights, property or personal safety of Yahoo, its users or the public; (vii) establishing or exercising our legal rights or defending against legal claims; or (viii) as otherwise required by law.
This may include responding to lawful governmental requests. Learn more about how we
evaluate and respond to these requests
.
New Ownership.
If the ownership or control of all or part of Yahoo or a specific Services changes as a result of a merger, acquisition or sale of assets, we may transfer your information to the new owner.
Details for Specific Products and Services
Additional privacy practices for certain Yahoo Services are included
here
.
Information Security and Data Retention
Yahoo has technical, administrative and physical safeguards in place to help protect against unauthorized access, use or disclosure of customer information we collect or store.
Yahoo will retain your personal information for as long as necessary to provide the applicable Yahoo Services to you. In some cases, Yahoo has certain business or legal requirements that result in an obligation to retain your personal information for an extended period of time. These obligations may include financial record keeping, ensuring continuity of our products or services, security, fraud, and abuse prevention, or compliance with our legal obligations. In some limited cases, we may keep data for longer than needed for the purposes set out in the
Yahoo Privacy Dashboard
, such as: (i) replicating or backing up certain data to “offline” storage for disaster recovery purposes; (ii) truncating, redacting or summarizing raw data, log files and database records into statistical aggregate data or probabilistic data structures to understand long term trends; (iii) maintaining de-identified data for varying periods for research, reporting and product testing or development (in these cases, unique identifiers and linkages to existing data about you are broken or removed so that this data is no longer associated with you, your browser, or device); or (iv) keeping and using certain data to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes or enforce our agreements (for example, we might keep data associated with an account subject to litigation or a request from law enforcement). For specific information about your personal information or how your personal information is processed by a particular Yahoo product or service you may interact with, please log into the
Yahoo Privacy Dashboard
.
Protecting Children’s Privacy
Our Services are for a general audience. We do not knowingly collect, use, or share information that could reasonably be used to identify children under age 13 without prior parental consent or consistent with applicable law. With parental permission, a child under age 13 might have a Yahoo Family Account. Visit
Children's Privacy & Family Accounts
to learn more about children’s privacy at Yahoo.
Our Legal Bases for Processing Information.
We mainly rely on three separate bases to lawfully process your information. First, we need to process your information in certain ways to provide our services to you, in accordance with our Terms of Service. This processing is necessary to perform the contract between you and us. Second, where you have given us consent to use your information in certain ways, we will rely on your consent. Third, in certain cases, we may process your information where necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of third parties, where those legitimate interests are not overridden by your rights or interests. Occasionally, Yahoo may rely on other legal bases to process your information, such as to protect a user’s vital interests (such as where there is a risk of imminent harm) or to comply with a legal obligation. Please see our
Legal bases
page for more information.
Data Processing and Transfers
When you use or interact with any of our Services, you consent to the data processing, sharing, transferring and uses of your information as outlined in this Privacy Policy. Regardless of the country where you reside, you authorize us to transfer, process, store and use your information in countries other than your own in accordance with this Privacy Policy and to provide you with Services. Some of these countries may not have the same data protection safeguards as the country where you reside.
Yahoo processes information related to individuals in the EU/EEA/UK/Switzerland and receives that information from the EU/EEA/UK/Switzerland through various compliance mechanisms, including the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (DPF), the UK Extension to the DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF. Where appropriate, we also rely on other transfer mechanisms such as data processing agreements based on Standard Contractual Clauses adopted by the European Commission or the United Kingdom. For more information, please visit our
Data Transfer
page.
The United States and other non-EU/EEA/UK countries have different laws on data protection and rules in relation to government access to information. If you are based in the EU/EEA/UK, when your data is moved from your home country to a third country outside the EU/EEA/UK, some of these countries may not have the same data protection safeguards as your home country.
Other Important Information
This Privacy Policy Applies Only to Yahoo.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Yahoo does not own or control, or to people that Yahoo does not employ or manage. In addition, some affiliated products may have different privacy policies and practices that are not subject to this Privacy Policy.
Changes
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time, so you should check it periodically. If we make changes that are material we will provide you with appropriate notice before such changes take effect.
Questions & Suggestions
If you have questions, suggestions, or wish to make a complaint, please complete a
feedback form
or you can contact us at:
Yahoo
Customer Care - Privacy Policy Issues
770 Broadway, New York
NY 10003, USA
If you wish to contact our Data Protection Officer, you can do so by post to: Attn: Data Protection Officer, Yahoo EMEA, The EXO Building, North Wall Quay, Dublin 1, D01 W5Y2, Ireland.
Our Article 27 Representative can be contacted by email at
YahooGDPRrepresentative@mhc.ie
, or by post at:
MHC GDPR Representative
Mason Hayes and Curran Professional Services Limited
South Bank House
Barrow Street
Dublin 4
Ireland
Recent Updates
May 2018 - update to privacy notice;
October 2019 - Oath to Verizon Media name change;
October 2020 - updates to data transfers and legal bases; and
September 2021 - updates to reflect name change; additional information added regarding data retention;
September 2024 - updates to data transfers.
December 2024 - updates to Information from Cookies and Other Technologies; additional information added regarding data sharing with trusted partners.
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
Sub-policy 14
https://www.hyprmx.com/privacy-policy.html:
Privacy Policy
Jun Group Productions, LLC
HyprMX Mobile LLC
Effective: September 16, 2020
Introduction
At Jun Group Productions, LLC and our HyprMX Mobile LLC subsidiary, we connect advertisers and publishers that we call clients to an audience of end users that we call consumers. Consumers are end users of applications and websites that we call properties, and those properties are owned by third parties that we call partners. Our services enable clients to deliver targeted, interactive content that we call engagements to consumers, and in doing so, we collect information about consumers and partners. We also collect information from visitors to our websites,
www.jungroup.com
and
www.hyprmx.com
.
This privacy policy describes how we collect, retain, use and disclose information that you make available to us as a user of our services, including as a visitor to our websites, as a consumer end user of our partners' properties, and/or as one of our partners. Information may include personal information that directly identifies a specific person, such as a full name or email address, as well as other types of information, such as your interests, service usage and Internet access device characteristics. This privacy policy applies whenever you use our websites or services, including if you have registered an account with us.
‍
California Residents
: For additional information regarding your rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act, please visit
www.jungroup.com/ccpa.
‍
Information Collection
We and our service providers collect the following information from and about you:
We may collect the following information from and about you:
1.        Registration and survey information, consisting of information you choose to submit through our services, for example, to receive a newsletter, answer survey questions or enter a contest or sweepstakes. Registration information may include, for example, name, picture, email address, gender, zip or postal code and birthday.
2.        Activity and device information, consisting of data we may collect when you access our services. For example, we collect information about your computer or other Internet access device, your operating system and browser or other Internet enabled application, your IP address (which may be associated with your location) and information about what ads or other engagements you have viewed and interacted with. If you access our services from a mobile or other device, we may collect a unique device identifier assigned to that device (e.g., Apple's IDFA or Google's GAID), geolocation data (if you have consented to provide this through your mobile or other device), wireless service provider and other transactional information for that device.
3.        Information from other sources. We may supplement or ask our third party service providers to supplement the information we collect with information from other sources, such as publicly available information from social media services, commercially available sources and information from our affiliates or business partners. This enables us to tailor our services to your interests or to report to our clients on the effectiveness of engagements or the extent to which you belong to certain interest segments, and we source data only from sources that are lawfully entitled to share information with us.
Information Use and Disclosure
‍
We use and disclose information about you for the purposes listed below:
‍
1.        To deliver our services to you and others, to measure, manage, support and improve our services, and to allow service providers to assist us in performing our services. We may make any of the personal information listed above available to certain third-party service providers, such as contractors, agents or sponsors, who help us manage or provide our services. For example, we use services from Amazon and Google to support our technology infrastructure, and third parties also facilitate creating, serving and measuring engagements and tracking service usage.
2.        To deliver relevant engagements and conduct research. We use the information we collect from and about you to deliver relevant ads and other engagements to you and others when you use our services or another service. For example, our services are embedded in our partners' properties, and we deliver our clients' engagements to you when you access those properties. We also use your information to conduct or to enable others to conduct research e.g., about consumer trends, sentiments, the effectiveness of advertising or the extent to which you and others may belong to certain interest segments. This includes incorporating information we collect about you into statistical “lookalike models” that enable us to infer the preferences of other consumers and deliver more relevant advertising to them. We do not use directly identifying personal information about you (such as your name and contact details) to deliver relevant engagements to you or to conduct research without your opt-in consent. As noted above, we may supplement the information we collect with information from third parties, and those other sources may assist us in delivering relevant engagements to you based on directly identifying personal information about you that they can access, even if they do not provide such information to us in doing so. For example, a retailer may transfer your purchase history and email address to a third party that may combine that information with other information, enabling an advertiser to instruct us to deliver relevant ads to your device by targeting your device identifier.
3.        To contact you. We may send you promotional materials or notifications related to our services. If you want to stop receiving them, follow the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email. Note that if you opt-out of promotional materials and notifications, you will still receive service-related notifications and emails, such as notifications of changes to our services or policies. If you have installed a mobile app and you wish to stop receiving push notifications, change the settings either in your mobile device notification setting or through the app.
4.        To share with our affiliates. We may share your information with our affiliates for the purposes described in this privacy policy. As of the effective date posted above, our affiliates consist of Jun Group Productions, LLC, its wholly-owned subsidiary HyprMX Mobile LLC, and APG (Advantage Performace Group). Our affiliates will only use your information in a way that is consistent with the practices described in this privacy policy.
5.        To share with business partners. We may share your information with business partners (e.g., clients) for their own business purposes, including to advertise to you and to send you marketing communications. If that information includes directly identifying personal information, we will only do so with your consent. If you are a California resident, you have the right to request and obtain from us a list of what personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year and the names and addresses of those third parties. Requests may be made only once a year and are free of charge.
6.        To protect our rights and those of others. We may disclose your information if we have a good faith belief it is necessary in order to: (i) investigate, protect, enforce, or defend our legal rights, privacy, safety, or property and that of others (including enforcement of our agreements and our terms of use); (ii) protect the safety, privacy, and security of our services users or the public; (iii) protect against fraud or manage risk; (iv) comply with the law or participate in any legal process; or (v) respond to requests from public and government authorities.
7.        To complete a merger or sale of assets. If we sell all or part of our business or make a sale or transfer of our assets or are otherwise involved in a merger or transfer of all or a material part of our business, we may transfer your information to the party or parties involved in the transaction as part of that transaction. In such an event, we will inform the acquiring party of the need to protect your information in accordance with this privacy policy.
8.        In any other manner that you authorize us with your informed, affirmative consent.
Cookies
We refer to browser cookies and other tracking technologies such as pixels, beacons, and Adobe Flash cookies as cookies. For more information about cookies, including how you can change your cookie settings, please see our Cookie Statement at
hyprmx.com/cookie.html
or
jungroup.com/JG-CookieStatement.html
. At this time, we do not respond to browser "Do Not Track" signals.
Interest-Based Advertising
Interest-based advertising refers to using information collected across non-affiliated, third-party sites and applications over time to provide more relevant advertising to you, based on your interests inferred from that information. The Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) is a coalition of digital advertising companies that has created a self-regulatory code for interest based advertising, and we comply with those
self-regulatory principles.
Consumers may opt out of receiving interest-based ads in our services for mobile applications by following these steps:
1.        For iOS devices running iOS 8 through iOS 13, go to Settings > Privacy > Advertising > Enable the “Limit Ad Tracking” setting. For iOS devices running iOS 14, go to Settings > Privacy > Tracking, and disable "Allow Apps to Request to Track." Our services do not support earlier versions of iOS. Additional instructions are available on
Apple’s support site
.
2.        For Android devices with OS 2.2 or higher and Google Play Services version 4.0 and higher, go to Google Settings App > Ads > Enable "Opt out of interest-based advertising" or go to Settings > Google > Personal info & Privacy > Ads Settings > Enable "Opt out of Ads Personalization," and in either case, and also click “Reset advertising ID.”
We may serve ads to you on one device based on information we learn about you on another device, and opting out of interest-based advertising is only effective for the device on which you followed the steps above.
Repeat these steps to opt out on other devices as desired. If you opt out, you will still see ads that will not be interest-based ads.Instead, they may be untargeted, related to the context of the property you are using, or based on information you volunteer to us in the property in which the ad is shown, such as responses to survey questions. You can opt out of a survey by, as applicable, clicking the [x] button to close the survey or selecting “I prefer not to answer” instead of answering the question. We do not engage in interest-based advertising in desktop or mobile web browsers even when we display the DAA AdChoices logo, so no opt-out choices apply in those environments.
Health and Other Sensitive Information
We ask that you not send us, and that you do not disclose, any sensitive personal information (such as social security numbers, information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religion or other beliefs, health, criminal background or trade union membership) on or through our services unless we specifically request it from you and you opt in to providing such disclosure for specific purposes we explain at that time.
We may deliver ads to you about non-sensitive health topics based on first- and third-party data. In all geographies, we may deliver ads to you about sensitive health topics either based on the context of the property on which the ad is being served (i.e. an ad that is not targeted based on information about you) or with your opt-in permission. We use custom rather than standard segments for delivering health-related ads, for example "asthma sufferers" and "migraine sufferers." If we survey you about health topics, we may use your responses to deliver relevant ads and/or to allow third parties to provide relevant ads. If we survey you about sensitive health topics, we will ask you to provide us with your voluntary, affirmative consent to use your responses in this manner. If you opt into a health survey, we will continue to respect any interest-based advertising opt-out you set for your device as described above under Interest-Based Advertising.
We do not use or allow others to use sensitive information to determine eligibility for health insurance, health care treatment eligibility, life insurance, or employment.
Children's Privacy
Our services are for a general audience, are not targeted to children, and we comply with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, or COPPA. We do not knowingly create or use audience segments of children less than 13 years of age.
Our partners and clients are responsible for their own compliance with COPPA and similar data protection laws. If you believe your child has provided us with information covered by COPPA or another similar data protection law, please contact us at the address below and we will use reasonable efforts to delete the applicable information from our records.
Security
We use reasonable and appropriate technical and organizational measures intended to protect your information against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure, or access. Please note that no method of online information storage or transmission is entirely secure, and we cannot guarantee information security.
Access, Control and Other Rights
If you would like to exercise your rights under applicable data protection laws to request access to, or correction, erasure, restriction or portability of your personal information, then please contact us as provided below. You may object to our processing of your personal information by contacting us using these details.
To help us most efficiently manage your request, please include your name and contact details and, if possible, identify the information to which your request relates. We will comply with your request in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
In particular, your choices regarding our use and disclosure of your personal information for marketing purposes include:
1.        Receiving electronic communications from us: If you no longer want to receive marketing-related emails, you may opt-out of receiving these marketing-related emails by following the unsubscribe instructions in the email. We will process your request promptly following receipt.
2.        Cancelling your account. If you are our partner, you may cancel your account by emailing privacy@hyprmx.com, subject, "Delete My Account" and include the email address that you registered your account with (if different from the email address you're sending the email from). We may retain backup information related to your account on our servers for some time after cancellation for fraud detection or to comply with applicable law or our internal security policies. Because of the nature of caching technology, your account may not be instantly inaccessible to others, and there may be a delay in the removal of the content from elsewhere on the Internet and from search engines.
If you have given us consent to use your personal information for any purpose, you may withdraw that consent at any time. Withdrawing consent will not affect the validity of any uses of your personal information prior to withdrawal.
Location of Data Processing
Our services are managed and primarily hosted from the United States. We and our service providers may process your information in the United States, as well as in other countries where our service providers operate. These countries may have different data protection standards to those in your jurisdiction, and we will protect your information in accordance with this privacy policy at all times.
Third Parties and Linked Services
Our services may link to or be integrated with properties operated by third parties, and may carry ads or other engagements or offer content, functionality, games, newsletters, contests, sweepstakes or applications developed and maintained by such unaffiliated companies. For example, our services for partners include an "advertisement mediation" service that allows ads from our clients to be served to consumers alongside ads from third party ad networks included in our partners' properties. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of third parties, and once you leave our services or click an engagement, you should check the applicable privacy policy of the other service. To determine which ad networks are serving ads via our mediation service, please contact our partner who owns or operates the applicable property (i.e. contact the mobile application developer directly).
Data Retention
We will retain your information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy policy, provided that we will not retain your information in our production systems for more than thirty months from the date you last interacted with one of our properties, unless a longer retention period is required by law. We may retain backup information on our servers for up to three years for fraud detection, to enforce our legal rights, or to comply with applicable law or our internal security policies.
Even after you cancel your account, copies of some information from your account may remain viewable, for example, if you have shared information with social media or other services.
Privacy Policy Updates
We may modify this privacy policy from time to time due to evolving legal, operational or business requirements. When we do, we will post an updated copy on our website, indicating that it has been updated. Please look at the posted date at the top of this privacy policy to see when we last revised it. Any changes to this privacy policy will ordinarily become effective when we post the revised privacy policy on our services, provided that, if we make material changes to this privacy policy, the revised privacy policy will not become effective until at least 15 days after we post it to our services. We will also notify our service users for whom we have contact email addresses of any such material changes and, where required by law, obtain their consent.
Contact Us
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
Email:              privacy@jungroup.com or privacy@hyprmx.com
Phone:             +1 (402) 882-2648
Mail:                Jun Group Productions, LLC or HyprMX Mobile LLC
Attn:                Privacy Affairs
28 W 44th Street
14th Floor
New York, NY 10036
Right to Complain
‍
You have the right to complain about our uses of your personal information to a competent regulatory authority. In the United States, the appropriate regulatory authority is the
Federal Trade Commission
. If you are based in Australia, you can contact the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner.
‍
For California Residents
‍
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
This section applies to any California residents about whom we have collected personal information from any source, including through your use of our Website(s), by buying our products or services, or by communicating with us electronically, in paper correspondence, or in person (collectively, “you”).
For purposes of this section, “personal information” means information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular California consumer/resident or household.  Personal information does not include publicly available information or information that has been de-identified.
‍
What Information We Collect
We may collect the following categories of personal information about you:
Identifiers, which includes device identifier; Internet Protocol (“IP”) address; first and last name; user name and/or identification number; email address; postal address; telephone number
Commercial information, which includes records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered; and/or other purchasing or consumer histories or tendencies;
Information relating to Internet activity or other electronic network activity, which includes cookie identifiers and other tracking technologies such as pixels, beacons, and Adobe Flash cookies (together, “cookies”); device characteristics including your operating system, browser, wireless service provider, or other Internet enabled application; and information about what ads or other engagements you have viewed and interacted with; internet service provider (ISP); referring/exit pages; date/time stamp;  clickstream data; device platform; device version; and/or other device characteristics including your choice of settings such as Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, and Global Positioning System (“GPS”);
Geolocation data, which includes locational information based upon your IP address; and/or other similar locational data which may be collected from various devices including your mobile or other device; GPS data; cell network data;
Inferences about you;
Information not listed above and related to characteristics protected under California or federal law; which includes age and date of birth; gender; race and ethnicity; nationality; marital status; military service / veteran status; and
Other personal information not listed above and described in California Civil Code § 1798.80(e), which includes physical characteristics or description.
To help you further understand what we do with the above categories of personal information, we have provided you with a matrix detailing the sources, purposes, and any sharing related to each category.  You may review that matrix below.
‍
What We Do With Your Information
We may collect or use personal information about you for the following purposes:
‍
Sources of Collected Information
We may collect personal information from the following categories of sources:
Consumers, including via our websites, mobile applications, your devices, social media, forums, message boards, and our surveys, contests, and sweepstakes, or other means;
Other third parties, which includes data suppliers, operators of other websites and mobile applications, online advertising partners, and other data suppliers; and
Things that other third parties may post publicly about you or otherwise provide to us
Who We Share Information With
We do not sell personal information except for under the limited circumstances of providing device identifiers to our advertising clients and cookies to third parties for advertising purposes.
We may share your personal information with the following categories of third parties:
Our service providers, which includes analytics service providers; technology infrastructure providers; social content providers; and other providers who help us manage or provide our services; customer relationship management providers; website hosting providers; systems administrators; and communications delivery services;
Our advertising clients
We sell the following categories of personal information:
Identifiers (device identifiers only); and
Information relating to Internet activity (cookies only)
Your Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident, subject to applicable law, you have the following rights under California law with respect to your personal information:
Right to Know.  You have the right to request what personal information we collect, use, disclose, and/or sell, as applicable.
Right to Delete.
You have the right to request the deletion of your personal information that is collected or maintained by us.
Right to Opt-Out of Sale.  You have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information by us.  Our Notice of Right to Opt-Out is below.
Right to Non-Discrimination.
You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of the privacy rights described above.
You may also authorize someone to exercise the above rights on your behalf.  You must provide your device’s Advertising Identifier and your e-mail address to that authorized individual to submit a request on your behalf.  If we have collected information on your minor child, you may exercise the above rights on behalf of your minor child.
The above rights are subject to our being able to reasonably verify your identity and authority to make these requests.  These rights are also subject to various exclusions and exceptions under applicable laws. In order for us to process your request, you must provide us with your device’s Advertising Identifier.
If you are a California resident and wish to seek to exercise these rights, please reach us in one of the following ways:
Complete the form at
www.jungroup.com/ccpa
, providing us with your device’s Advertising Identifier according to the instructions provided.
Call our toll-free phone number: +1 (844) 333-JUN6 (5866)
Email:  ccpa@jungroup.com
For more information regarding this Privacy Policy, or if you have any questions or concerns, you may contact us in the following ways:
Email:
privacy@jungroup.com
or
privacy@hyprmx.com
Phone:  +1 (402) 882-2648
Mail:  Jun Group Products, LLC or HyprMX Mobile LLC
Attn: Privacy Affairs
28 W. 44th Street, 14th Floor
New York, NY 10036
Notice of Right to Opt-Out
You have the right to direct Jun Group not to sell your personal information and to refrain from doing so in the future.  If you wish to opt-out of such sales, please do so in one of the following ways:
Complete the form at
www.jungroup.com/ccpa
, providing us with your device’s Advertising Identifier according to the instructions provided.
Call our toll-free phone number: +1 (844) 333-JUN6 (5866)
Email:  ccpa@jungroup.com
Please consult the other sections of our Privacy Policy for further information on our practices regarding your personal information.
‍
Table 1
– Disclosure Matrix
‍
This Privacy Policy was last updated on December 31, 2019.
Cookie Settings
Sub-policy 15
https://verve.com/product-privacy-policies/:
Skip to content
Legal
Product Privacy Policies
Product Privacy Policy — Verve Group, Inc. and VGI CTV, Inc.
Product Privacy Policy — Verve Group Europe GmbH
Product Privacy Policy — Platform161 B.V.
Date modified:
March 10, 2025
Advertising and Data Services Privacy Policy
Verve Group, Inc. and VGI CTV, Inc. (together “Verve”) are committed to protecting consumer privacy and to clearly informing users about the collection and use of information.
This Advertising and Data Services Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes how Verve processes personal information when providing advertising, measurement, and related services to our clients (“Services”). This Policy also describes your choices over such processing. This Policy does not describe how we process personal information relating to our website. For information on how we process personal information relating to our website please read our
Website Privacy Policy
.
“Personal Information” is information that identifies you or your household or can be reasonably linked directly or indirectly with you or your household. This Policy does not apply to anonymous, de-identified, or aggregate personal information as defined under applicable law.
Collecting Personal Information
We collect Personal Information when you knowingly and voluntarily provide it to us, such as when you provide us feedback or request information from us. This Personal Information will only be processed in connection with your feedback or request.
Verve may identify your device and collect Personal Information using an operating system-supplied ID such as Apple’s Advertising Identifier, Google’s Advertising Identifier, or a randomly assigned unique identifier (“Device Identifier”). The advertisements delivered by Verve may include forms or other prompts that allow you to opt-in to share data.
We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from any child under 13 years of age. If we are informed or become aware that our Services are being used on a site or app directed at children, we will restrict the use of ad-serving information to uses permitted under the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998.
a) Location Data
In order to make advertising messages as relevant as possible, location data associated with Device Identifiers may be used for targeting ads and as input into location-targeting segments based on the characteristics of locations. Location data is also used to count impressions, clicks, and other metrics to model household locations for the purposes of demonstrating the marketing impact of advertiser campaigns. Location data that you provide to an app or website may be provided to Verve for ad-serving or reporting purposes. In addition, supplemental information may also be used such as a device’s speed of movement and positioning, proximity of nearby devices, or similar information available from an operating system.
You can opt-out of the use of data for location-based tracking by using the settings available on your mobile device. Ads will continue to be selected for you based on more general information, such as location that can be inferred from Internet Protocol (IP) addresses or other data.
b) Cookies
We collect information automatically when you use our Services through mobile websites or HTML by using log files and alpha-numeric identifiers known as “cookies” that are usually stored with the device’s web browser. This includes your IP address, browser type, browser language, device type and version, the date and time of your request, the amount of data transferred, the source of your request (page referrer), and the nature of the content delivered to you. We generally use cookies to help with customer tracking. We may use both session cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and/or persistent cookies (which stay on your device until you delete them) to provide you with a more personal and interactive experience. Persistent cookies can be removed or blocked by following the directions in your internet browser. We also use log files and cookies to improve the quality of Services and pages you have visited.
In addition to the Device Identifiers described above, Verve will collect information about the type of app you are using and details such as IP address, device type, carrier, and operating system. Verve utilizes this information to uniquely identify mobile devices to deliver targeted marketing messages to consumers. We believe that the presentation of relevant marketing messages assists in providing a more meaningful mobile web experience. For example, this technology enables Verve to limit the number of times a specific message is presented to a consumer (frequency capping), to support product category preferential marketing, and to deliver advertising based on your location.
c) Web Beacons
We may permit publishers and advertisers to use a software technology called pixels (a.k.a., web beacons), which are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, used to report non-personal individual or aggregate information and help us better manage content on our Services. In addition, we may use pixels in our advertisements to let us know which ads have been viewed or to help tailor advertising.
d) Information from Third Parties
Our business partners may also collect Personal Information from you using a variety of technologies, including cookies, software development kits, and other digital trackers deployed on websites, mobile applications, or other digital services. They may share this information about your devices with us. We may add this to the information we obtain from your use of Services. You may be able to modify or disable the collection or sharing of Personal Information in your device settings.
Using Personal Information — Your Choices
Verve uses Personal Information to provide Services to our business partners. They are used to help tailor which ads are displayed to you as you visit websites or apps using our Services. Information that Verve collects as you visit a website or app will be used to create an ad-serving profile used to determine the ads displayed and to report about the effectiveness of that advertising. Personal Information collected by Verve may be linked with other available data about you from our business partners, including linking the various devices you may use. Where permitted by law, we use the information we collect to improve our products and services.
Your Personal Information may be processed by Verve in the country where it was collected as well as other countries (including the United States) where laws regarding processing of Personal Information is less stringent than the laws in your country. To opt-out of the use of Personal Information to tailor the ads you are shown, you can use the “Limit Ad Tracking” settings on your device, more information
here
. You will continue to see ads, but they will not be selected based on your activity across unrelated websites or apps. Some of our Services that use cookies offer an opt-out cookie. These opt-out cookies allow you to decline ad targeting on the websites you visit. This option can be exercised
here
.
Sensitive Information
When we create profiles to serve ads based on your activity across different websites or apps, we restrict the use of advertising categories that we deem sensitive based on local law, applicable industry codes, and our own internal standards.
Retention
We retain Personal Information for as long as needed to support our business needs for ad-delivery, reporting, and auditing, but for no longer than two years, after which such data is deleted or minimized by having unique user-level identifiers removed.
Disclosure of Personal Information
Verve may disclose certain Personal Information:
To service providers who help us provide the Services, in which case we will take reasonable steps to ensure that these parties comply with confidentiality obligations and contractually require these parties only use the information as needed to provide services to us;
To third parties that you ask or to whom you have authorized us to send Personal Information;
To any subsidiary organizations, joint ventures, or other organizations under our control or who are under common control with us (collectively, “Affiliates”), in which case we will require our Affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy;
If we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to (a) resolve disputes or investigate problems (b) comply with relevant laws or to respond to lawful requests from law enforcement or other public authorities; or (c) protect and defend our rights or property or the rights and property of you or third parties; or
In connection with or during negotiation of any merger, financing, acquisition or dissolution, transaction, or proceeding involving sale, transfer, divestiture, or disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets. In the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership, Personal Information may also be transferred as a business asset. If another company acquires our company, business, or assets, that company will possess the Personal Information collected by us and will assume the rights and obligations regarding your Personal Information as described in this Privacy Policy.
Verve may disclose Non-Personal Information to business partners, such as analytics companies, and to advertisers, ad networks, other partners, and third parties.
To opt-out of sharing Personal Information by Verve with additional parties, you can use the “Limit Ad Tracking” settings on your device.
Verve may disclose information that is anonymous, de-identified, or aggregated for any purpose.
Security
Verve takes reasonable and appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect Personal Information from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction, taking into account the risks involved in the processing and the nature of the personal data.
Changes to Privacy Policy
Verve is committed to continually examining and reviewing its privacy practices and may make changes to this Privacy Policy.
Your Rights & Contact Information
Subject to local law, you may have certain rights over your Personal Information. These rights may include, depending on the circumstances, the rights to access your Personal Information, delete Personal Information collected from you, receive additional information regarding the information of yours we hold, stop certain disclosure of your Personal Information, withdraw consent for processing you may have given to us, or opt-out of the selling or sharing of your personal information. If you would like to exercise your right under local law or if you have any questions or concerns about our privacy practices, you may contact us at:
moc.e
1742202343
vrev@
1742202343
ycavi
1742202343
rp
1742202343
or using the opt-out mechanisms
here
and
here
.
Verve Group, Inc. & VGI CTV Inc.
60 Madison Avenue, 8th floor
New York, NY 10010
United States
California residents should consult the “Additional Information for California Residents” and residents of the EEA and the United Kingdom should consult “Additional Information for European Residents,” below.
Additional Information for California Residents
Personal Data
In the course of providing the Services, Verve processes Personal Information as a “business” under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”). As a business, we do not sell Personal Information that we process when providing the Services. We disclose the following categories of Personal Information to business partners for the purpose of providing our Services:
Categories we collect:
We provide advertising technology services that facilitate transactions among demand-side platforms, advertisers, app developers, publishers of mobile websites and/or apps, and ad exchanges (collectively, “Clients”). Through our Services, we may collect information about you (to the extent that Clients pass such information to us), which may include mobile advertising identifiers, session and persistent cookies, IP addresses, apps used or downloaded, websites visited, browser and operating system type, type of device used, information actively provided by users responding to a form in an ad, randomly assigned identifiers, and general location information and system information that our SDK may collect about your device or network provider. This information is retained for a period of 14-30 days.
Categories of Sensitive Information:
We do not collect sensitive information.
Sources:
All the information above is collected from your device when you are using an app to visit a website and is provided to us by the business partner you interact with by using their app or viewing an ad. We also acquire this information from advertising or data exchanges.
Each Category is collected for the following business purposes: delivering ads on publisher sites, reporting on ad delivery, securing, protecting, auditing, bug and fraud detection, debugging and repair of errors, the detection, protection, and prosecution of security incidents or illegal activity; enforcing our terms and policies; complying with law.
Each Category is also collected for uses that advance our commercial interests including creating profiles to target ads on behalf of advertisers, using data collected from publishers and from other third parties.
Sale/Sharing Information
Verve may disclose the categories of information described above to business partners, such as analytics companies and may share the information with advertisers, ad networks, other partners, and third parties.
Opt-Out signals
If a Verve publisher or advertiser partner has transmitted to Verve a “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” signal, an “Opt-Out of the Use of My Personal Information for Interest-Based Advertising” signal, or a “Limit Use of My Sensitive Personal Information” signal, we will limit our use of Personal Information from that partner and we will act only as a service provider as defined in the CCPA. You may also exercise your opt-out rights as described below.
Access, Deletion and Opt-Out Rights
Subject to certain exceptions and restrictions, the CCPA provides you as a California Resident the right to submit requests to Verve: (i) to provide you with access to the specific pieces and categories of Personal Information collected by Verve about you, the categories of sources for such Personal Information, the business or commercial purposes for collecting such Personal Information, and the categories of third parties with which such information was shared; and (ii) to delete such Personal Information.
Please email us at
moc.e
1742202343
vrev@
1742202343
ycavi
1742202343
rp
1742202343
for instructions on how you can exercise your California access, deletion and Opt-Out rights. You may also submit a request
here
. We will need to verify your identity and that the information you requested relates to you before completing your rights request. We generally do not associate Personal Information (such as device history) with identified individuals as we generally do not have information such as names or email addresses connected to device information. Therefore, we will need your Advertiser Identifier to process your request. If you do not provide us with the required information, we will be unable to process your request.
You may designate an authorized agent to make California Requests on your behalf.
We do not discriminate against you.
You also have the right to not be discriminated against (as provided for in applicable law) for exercising certain of your rights. Verve does not discriminate against California Residents for exercising their rights.
We do not sell or share the personal information of minors under 16 years of age without affirmative authorization.
Additional Information for European Residents
If you are situated in the European Union, the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or the United Kingdom, the following provisions will apply in addition to the Advertising and Data Services Privacy Policy to any Personal Information.
Data Controller
For purposes of the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), Verve is the data controller of the Personal Information.
Legal Basis for Processing
We will process your Personal Information (a) for the purpose of legitimate interests pursued by us in accordance with Art 6 para. 1 lit. (f) GDPR; or (b) because you have consented to the processing in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit (a) GDPR.
We will only process Personal Information based on our legitimate interests for storing and accessing Personal Information necessary to provide the Services; selecting, delivering and reporting on the effectiveness of advertisements; measuring the performance of advertisements and campaigns and investigating and preventing fraud.
Transferring your Information outside Europe
We transfer Personal Information from the European Union, the EEA and the United Kingdom, to other countries, some of which have not yet been determined by the European Commission to have an adequate level of data protection. For example, their laws may not guarantee you the same rights, or there may not be a privacy supervisory authority there that is capable of addressing your complaints. When we engage in such transfers, we use a variety of legal mechanisms, including contracts, to help ensure your rights and protection of the Personal Information.
If we transfer your personal information to a third-party service provider outside the European Union, the EEA or the United Kingdom we are responsible for such transfer and we will impose obligations on the recipients of that Personal Information to protect your data to the standard required in the GDPR.
Rights under the GDPR
You have the following rights: (a) you have the right to obtain information about the data processed about you (Art. 15 GDPR); (b) if inaccurate personal data is processed, you have a right to rectification (Art. 16 GDPR); (c) if the legal requirements are met, you may request the erasion or restriction of processing as well as object to processing (Art. 17, 18, 21 GDPR); (d) if you have consented to the data processing or a contract for data processing exists and the data processing is carried out with the help of automated procedures, you may have a right to data portability (Art. 20 GDPR).
We generally do not associate Personal Information (such as device history) with identified individuals as we generally do not have information such as names or email addresses connected to device information. Therefore, we will need your Advertiser Identifier to fulfill your rights. If you do not provide us with the required information, we will be unable to ensure your rights. To exercise your rights, for questions or further information please contact us at
moc.e
1742202343
vrev@
1742202343
ycavi
1742202343
rp
1742202343
.
Our Data Protection Officer:
Fieldfisher Tech Rechtsanwaltsgesellschaft mbH
Amerigo-Vespucci-Platz 1
20457 Hamburg, Germany
TCF Compliance
VGI CTV is participating in the IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework and complies with the Policies and Specifications of the Transparency & Consent Framework. The assigned vendor ID of VGI CTV is 237.
Related: Website Privacy Policy