Search
Lord's
Match day
Fixtures and results
Women's International
Vitality Blast 2025
ICC World Test Championship Final 2025
Plan your day
Food & Drink
Premium seating
Experiences
Afternoon tea
Lord's Dining Club
Tours and Museum
Ultimate playing experience
Dressing room experience
Lord's tavern
Conferences and events
News & Stories
History
Honours boards
Father Time Wall
The Ashes
Bell Ringers
Father time
Ground Development
Indoor Cricket Centre
Indoor Cricket Centre
Kids' Courses
Digital Coaching (new)
Adults' coaching
Bespoke Coaching Programs
Indoor Cricket Games
Lord's Youth Teams
One-to-one Coaching
Hire the Cricket Centre
Lord's Youth Girls Programme
Visiting
Contact us
How to get here
Ground map
Welcome to Lord's
Come here to find all the information you need to help you plan your visit to the Home of Cricket, the latest news from the Ground and to book your event.
COMING TO LORD'S
Fixtures & Results
England Women v India
Vitality Blast 2025
Plan Your Day
Tickets
All Tickets
England Women v India
International Tickets
World Test Championship
Vitality Blast 2025
Match Day Hospitality
The Lord's App
Tickets at Lord's
We’ve got a wide variety of formats covered with an exciting line up of matches to get your cricket fix.
Whether you like red or white ball, domestic or international, or men’s or women’s cricket, Lord’s will have the perfect cricket experience for you, your family and friends.
Hospitality
MCC
The Club
About us
Cowdrey Lecture
How to Join
MCC Committtees
MCC Young Female Broadcaster
Our History
Reciprocal Arrangements
Sustainability Strategy
Women and Girls
Cricket
MCC Cricket
MCC Fixtures
Overseas Tours
MCC Foundation
In the Community
The Laws of Cricket
Heritage & Collections
Latest Exhibitions from Lord's
What we do
Who we work with
Research Enquiry
Search the collection
MCC
Marylebone Cricket Club is the world’s most active cricket club, the owner of Lord’s Ground and the guardian of the Laws of the game. Find out more about the history of MCC, our work in the Community and the famous Lord's Museum.
FIND OUT MORE
About MCC
MCC Cricket
MCC Museum
Inside Lord's
Explore Inside Lord's
Discover the Benefits
Join now
Welcome to Inside Lord's
Step closer. Your new digital platform at the Home of Cricket.
Subscribe now for early access to selected international matches, exclusive content, coaching masterclasses and many more discounts and offers.
Your access to Lord's like never before.
Jobs
Vacancies
Casual Retail Roles
London Spirit
MCC Foundation
Casual Tours & Museum Roles
Casual Catering Roles
Casual Stewarding Roles
Join the Team
Our Benefits
Who we are
Volunteer
Jobs at Lord's
Marylebone Cricket Club is one of the World's most active Cricket Clubs, the owner of Lord's Ground and the Guardian of the Laws and Spirit of the Game.
With around 200 full time staff members covering a wide range of sectors - from IT to Chefs to Pavilion Stewards - there is a role at the Home of Cricket for everyone.
Shop
Lord's shop
Online store
The Lord's Shop
Our Lord's Shops have a wide range of clothing, headwear and gifts and souvenirs available, so you can own your own piece of memorabilia from Home of Cricket.
Buy tickets
To view the
Privacy Notice
see below. It can also be accessed via this
doccument.
Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC, we, us) takes your privacy very seriously. We ask that you read this Privacy Notice carefully as it contains important information about what to expect when we collect personal information about you, including how we will use your personal information and the steps that we take to ensure that it is kept secure.
MCC will process all personal information in accordance with applicable data protection laws relating to the processing of personal information and privacy.
MCC is responsible as 'controller' of personal information for the purposes of those laws.
This Privacy Notice is intended for those aged 13 years and older. For anyone under the age of 13, it is intended that parents and/or guardians read and explain it to their children.
WHO IS MCC?
MCC is an active cricket club, playing hundreds of matches each year, and an influential voice in the world game as guardian of the Laws and Spirit of Cricket. We also own Lord's Ground, which is known throughout the world as the "Home of Cricket" and we are committed to ensuring that it remains the best place to watch and play the game.
WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU?
We may collect the following personal information about you:
(a)    name and contact information including postal and email address, and telephone number;
(b)    identity and biographical information including your nationality, date of birth, passport / national identity card details;
(c)    financial information, including bank account and card payment details for processing payments;
(d)    access, disability or health or medical related requirements, including dietary requirements, you may have at the time of purchasing a ticket or making a booking for an event or service, to help ensure there are suitable arrangements in place;
(e)    your image or photograph that you have shared with us or from when you attend Lord's;
(f)    location information such as the IP address you have used; and
(g)    vehicle registration numbers if you park at Lord's or at one of our designated parking locations.
HOW YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION IS COLLECTED?
We may collect your personal information from you or you may provide it to us directly through various means including:
(a)    via your use of our website at
www.lords.org
(
the Website
), including when you purchase products or services, subscriptions, tickets and/or items from online shops;
(b)    when you express an interest in receiving products or services from us;
(c)    when you create an online account on the Website with us;
(d)    when you download and use the Lord's app;
(e)    when you visit Lord's, for example, for events or to attend a cricket match at Lord's via use of tickets, CCTV footage and/or access control systems;
(f)    when you correspond with us via telephone conversations , emails, or other written communications, including text messages and/or whatsapp messages, and/or hard copy or online feedback or incident forms;
(g)    when you become a supplier to MCC;
(h)    when you become a Candidate or MCC Member (
Member
) of the Club;
(i)    when you request marketing to be sent to you; and/or
(j)    when you enter a competition, promotion or survey.
In addition to the information you knowingly provide, MCC collects the domain names and IP addresses of its visitors to the Website, along with usage statistics (for example, types of web browsers and operating systems used), browsing history, and, on occasion, the 'open rates' for email communications sent by MCC. This data is used to promote our products and services and measure the effectiveness of our communications. MCC may combine this information with the personally identifiable and other information it collects, including by cookies and similar technologies (see our
Cookies Policy
and the section below).
CHILDREN
We appreciate that many children are cricket fans. We therefore ask parents and legal guardians to supervise their children when they are online and that children under the age of 13 do not submit personal information or content to MCC, purchase goods, products or services, including subscriptions, or take part in MCC promotions or competitions, without the consent of their parent or legal guardian.
We encourage children under the age of 13 to consult with a parent or legal guardian before submitting or
requesting any content or information to/from MCC. Any users of MCC's platforms who indicate they are under the age of 13 will be asked for a contact details of their parent or legal guardian so we can verify legal consent. MCC will not actively market to children or pass on personal information to third parties for commercial purposes. Some of the facilities or functions accessible through MCC's online facilities are not intended to be accessible by children, for example, the Lord's online store. MCC recommends that parental controls be put in place. Any
children using MCC's platforms are confirming that they have received the consent of their parent or legal
guardian to do so.
HOW WILL WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
How we use your personal information will depend on whether you are an MCC Member, a customer, a client, a visitor to Lord's or some other category of person. We will primarily use your personal information to provide our services and products to you.
We may also use your personal information for one or more of the following purposes:
(a)    to correspond with you;
(b)    to fulfil any contractual obligations, for example, to provide you with a product or service or subscription you have purchased;
(c)    to manage our relationship with you;
(d)    to process requests and manage your interactions with us, for example, to process ticket or event applications, and administer competitions;
(e)    to communicate with you about services or products that you have requested from us, for example, in the event that the product or service you have requested is unavailable; or if there is a query or problem with your requests; or when (in accordance with your marketing preferences) we keep in touch with you about similar services or products;
(f)    to provide you with access to the guest wifi service for you to use at Lord's;
(g)    for Members and Candidates: the administration of your membership (or application for membership), including providing Member benefits and keeping in touch;
(h)    for record-keeping purposes, for example, for membership archives;
(i)    to fulfil legal and regulatory obligations, for example, where we are required to keep records of transactions or share information with authorities for health and safety or crime prevention and security purposes;
(j)    to take payments, administer refunds, to recover debt and to help us to prevent fraud;
(k)    to improve the quality of our services, products and platforms, including the Website and the Lord's app;
(l)    subject to your consent and your marketing preferences, for marketing purposes;
(m)    to create an individual profile for you so that we can enhance your user experience to understand and respect your marketing preferences and to provide newsletters and details of relevant offers and opportunities where you have agreed to receive them;
(n)    to process job applications for staff; and to enable you to partake in a prize draw, competition or complete a survey;
(o)    for other legitimate business or governance purposes, including analysis of trends in support and participation for the benefit of cricket and MCC.
We may also use aggregate information and statistics for the purposes of monitoring Website usage in order to help us to develop our Website and our services. We may also provide such aggregate information to third parties, but these statistics will not include information that can be used to identify you.
AUTOMATED DECISION MAKING
We use your personal information to make the following automated decisions:
(a)    Ticket Ballots: All ticket applications received via one of our ballots are processed electronically. Each application is uploaded to our database. A certain number of successful applications are automatically selected at random; and
(b)    Competitions:  We may, from time to time, run competitions where each participant's personal
information is uploaded to Our database and a successful participant is automatically selected at random
LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING PERSONAL INFORMATION
Our legal basis for collecting and using your personal information will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it.
If we ask you to provide personal information to comply with a legal requirement or to perform a contract with you or with your explicit consent or for our legitimate interests, we can provide details of this to you on request.
SOCIAL MEDIA FOLLOWERS
Interaction on social media
If you follow one of our social media accounts, we receive basic personal information about you according to your profile: your account name, , location, age. You may also communicate with us directly and provide content in this way. Our legal basis for processing this information is our legitimate interest in providing social media and marketing content that is of interest to our followers on social media.
Data Uses
This personal information will be used within the terms and functionality of the social media sites.
Data Sharing
We are not responsible for the user terms or activities of third party sites. However, MCC will not sell your information nor permit others to do so. We will not share your information with any third party except as stated in this Privacy Notice or as required to operate our social media sites, provide our services and/or products to you and/or administer your account.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
In accordance with your marketing preferences
Subject to your express opt in consent, (which may be updated at any time by amending the marketing preferences in your personal account on the
Website here
), your personal information may be shared:
(a)    externally with carefully selected partners whose services and/or products we think may be of interest to you; and
(b)    with MCC's Foundation.
Those third parties may then contact you directly to tell you about their services and/or products, having checked with us where necessary to ensure you are a Member (if applicable), or we may contact you on their behalf.
To provide you with MCC's products and services
In addition, in order to provide our services and products, we may, occasionally, appoint third party suppliers to carry out some of the processing activities on our behalf. These may include, for example, technology hosts, digital platforms, data processors and our data warehouse, payment processors, printing companies, delivery/courier companies and mailing houses. In these circumstances, we will protect your personal information and use it in accordance with this Privacy Notice. We impose contractual obligations on suppliers who handle your personal information to ensure they can only use it to provide services to us and to you and that they take appropriate measures to protect your personal information.
Legal obligation / Professional advisors
In limited circumstances, we may disclose your personal information to third parties if we are under a legal obligation to do so or respond to valid legal processes, including to MCC's professional advisors, auditors and insurers, or because it is necessary to share with government authorities or law enforcement officials or a governing body for the administration or governance of the sport of cricket.
WHAT IF YOU DO NOT WANT TO RECEIVE MARKETING INFORMATION?
If you would rather not receive marketing information from us or any other third party to whom we may disclose your personal information, please contact us (see the section How to contact MCC below) or modify the settings/preferences in your personal account on the Website.
If you agree to us providing you with marketing information or MCC news, you can always unsubscribe from mailings at a later date or narrow your preferences. You are in control of what you receive. However, please note
that where you withhold or withdraw your consent to be contacted in this way, we may be unable to keep you informed of new services, products, events and/or special offers that may interest you.
There are several ways you can stop marketing communications from us:
(a)    clicking the 'unsubscribe' link in any email communication that we send you;
(b)    logging into your account and changing your preferences;
(c)    in the Lord's app, managing your preferences and opting out of push notifications; and/or
(d)    contacting us at dataprotection@mcc.org.uk.
COOKIES AND OTHER INFORMATION-GATHERING TECHNOLOGIES
Our Website uses cookies. Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behaviour information. These cookies allow us to distinguish you from other users of the Website which helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our Website and also allows us to improve our site.
For more information on which cookies we use and how we use them, see our
Cookies Policy
.
HOW WE PROTECT AND KEEP YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We will keep your personal information while:
(a)    you are a Candidate or Member of MCC (if appliable);
(b)    you have an online account with us; or
(c)    we are providing products and/or services to you.
Thereafter, we will keep your personal information for no longer than necessary:
(a)    to respond to any correspondence, complaints or claims made by you or on your behalf;
(b)    to show that we treated you fairly; and/or
(c)    to keep records required by law.
We will also keep your contact details for as long as we believe you wish to hear from us using those contact details.
When it is no longer necessary to keep your personal information, we will delete or anonymise it, for example by aggregation with other data so that it can be used in a non-identifiable way for statistical analysis and business planning.
MCC takes the security of your personal information seriously. MCC will attempt to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of your personal information. MCC has implemented reasonable administrative, technical and physical measures to protect your personal information. We limit access to your personal information to those who have a genuine business need to access it.
However, you should be aware that the use of the Internet is not entirely secure and for this reason we cannot guarantee the security or integrity of any personal information which is transferred from you or to you via the Internet. We are not responsible for the contents or policies of external websites and recommend that you check the privacy and security policies and procedures of every website that you use and submit your personal details to.
TRANSFERRING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION OUT OF THE UK
To deliver services to you, it may sometimes be necessary for us to share your personal information outside the UK, for example:
(a)    with our service providers located outside the UK;
(b)    if you are based outside the UK; or
(c)    where there is an international dimension to the services we are providing to you.
If we transfer your personal information outside the UK, MCC will take steps to ensure adequate protections are in place to ensure the security of your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Notice and data protection laws.
YOUR RIGHTS
You have the following rights, which you can exercise free of charge:
Access
The right to be provided with a copy of your personal information
Rectification
The right to require us to correct any mistakes in your personal information
Erasure (also known as the right to be forgotten)
The right to require us to delete your personal information, in certain situations
Restriction of processing
The right to require us to restrict processing of your personal information in certain
circumstances, for example, if you contest the accuracy of the data
Data portability
The right to receive the personal information you provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and/or transmit that data to a third party, in certain
situations
To object
The right to object:
*    at any time to your personal information being processed for marketing purposes; and
*    in certain other situations to our continued processing of your personal information, for example, processing carried out for the purpose of our legitimate interests.
Not to be subject to automated individual decision making
The right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing that produces legal effects concerning you or similarly
significantly affects you
If you would like to exercise any of the above rights, please:
(a)    complete a data subject access request form--available on our Website; or
(b)    email, call or write to us--see below: 'How to contact us'; and
(c)    provide enough information to identify yourself (for example, your full name, address, and membership number (if relevant)) and any additional identity information we may reasonably request from you); and
(d)    let us know what right you want to exercise and the information to which your request relates.
If you are a Member of MCC and you wish to update any of your personal information, please contact the Membership Office at membership@mcc.org.uk.
CHANGES TO PRIVACY NOTICE
We keep our Privacy Notice under regular review. If we change our Privacy Notice we will post the changes on this page, where appropriate, place notices on other pages of the Website and advertise on our social media platforms. Any material changes that affect how your personal information is used will be provided to you, so that you may be aware of the information we collect and how we use it at all times. This Privacy Notice was last updated on 25 September 2024.
HOW TO CONTACT MCC OR THE ICO
If you would like to contact MCC with any queries about our Privacy Notice, please send an email
to
dataprotection@mcc.org.uk
or write to us at Attention Data Protection, Marylebone Cricket Club, Lord's Ground, St John's Wood Road, London NW8 8QN.
If you wish to raise a query with the Information Commissioner, you may do so at
www.ico.org.uk
or on 0303 123 1113.
Download MCC Data Subject Access Request Form
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Cookies Settings
Reject All
Accept All Cookies
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Back Button
Performance Cookies
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label