Privacy
admin
2022-04-05T09:19:20+00:00
Privacy Statement
We respect your privacy and under no circumstances will the information you provide to us be shared with any third party. We do not sell, rent, or loan information regarding our customers (players) to any third party. Any information you give us is held with the utmost security and care, and will not be used in ways to which you have not explicitly agreed beforehand.
Use of Information
We do not collect any personal information about users except when specifically and knowingly provided by users. Examples of such information are: name, postal address, e-mail address, phone number, and product comments. We allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you download our games. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or seen) during the time you use the application. Kiqqi uses only non-personal data collected from sources such as Analytics to provide better user experience for players of our games.
Collection of information by others
We may contain links to other websites, including links that are placed there by us, such as third-party advertisements or text hyperlinks. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of any other website or application. We may offer additional services or promotions that are sponsored by or co-sponsored with non-affiliated companies. These third parties may obtain personal information that site visitors voluntarily submit. Our mobile applications that are distributed through the iTunes and Google Play store may also request permission to automatically collect other information from your mobile device, including your email address. We may only collect this information with your authorization in accordance with your device operating system’s permission process. Kiqqi use secure servers to perform the online transactions and other actions related to sensitive information distribution, including all credit card operations that are performed by certified payment service providers.