PRIVACY POLICY
Taking effect: 25 May 2018
Thank you for playing an Awesome Prototype game and for trusting us to process your data!  In this data protection declaration you will find what data we collect, for what purposes we collect the data and what we do with the collected data. Since this is important, you should take the time to read the privacy statement carefully.
Contents of this data protection declaration:
How and why we collect your personal data
What we use your personal data for and
How we protect your data
This Privacy Policy applies to Awesome Prototype games, websites and related services, which we refer to here as "Services". We may update this Privacy Policy periodically by posting a new version on awesomeprototype.com/ or within the relevant services. In the event of material changes to this policy, we will notify you by posting a notice within the Service before such changes take effect. Your continued use of the Service after the effective date is subject to the new Privacy Policy.
CONTACT
If you have questions about privacy or requests to resolve problems with your personal information, please contact us primarily through the game so that we can respond to you more quickly.
Responsible for the data is:
Awesome Prototype GmbH
Address:Urbanstarstrasse 71, 10967 Berlin
E-mail:
support@awesomeprototype.com
DATA COLLECTED BY US
Data that you make available to us.
Contact information (such as your name and e-mail address)
Player and account name and password
Profile information (such as profile picture)
Your messages to the services (such as chat logs and player support requests)
Other information that you knowingly provide to us (such as information identifying a lost account)
Data we collect automatically.
Data about your account and your game progress (including player and profile names chosen by the player)
Your IP address and mobile device IDs (e.g. your device ID, promotional ID, MAC address, IMEI)
Data about your device, e.g. device name and operating system, browser type and language
Data collected using cookies and similar technologies (see additional information below)
General location data (via IP address)
information about your use of the Service, such as game data and your interactions with other players within the Service
In most cases, we will also create a specific Awesome Prototype or service ID for you when you use the service.
Data that we process from our partners.
Data we receive when you link a third-party tool to the service (if linked via Facebook and granted permission, e.g. Facebook ID, Friends list)
Demographic data (e.g. to determine the approximate location of your IP address)
Data to combat fraud (e.g. misuse of refunds in games or click fraud in advertising)
data from platforms on which the games are played (e.g. for payment verification)
Data for advertising and analysis purposes in order to provide you with a better service
e-mail address (if linked via Facebook and authorized by the user) or as the reply address provided by the user when contacting us
WHY WE COLLECT YOUR DATA
For the service to work.
For the fulfilment of the contract we process the necessary data to
Create accounts to allow you to play our games and use our services
Execution of the service
Verification and confirmation of payments
Provision and performance of the products and services requested by you
Sending correspondence regarding the service
Adapting the service to the needs of our players.
For the provision of exceptional services to our players, we have a legitimate interest in collecting and processing data to
Update and development of player profiles
Develop and improve the service and gaming experience
Managing the relationship with you
Provision of social functions as part of the service
Adapting your service experience
Answering your comments and questions and providing support to the player
Provision of offers within the Service and on other websites and services as well as by e-mail
Sending related information such as updates, security messages and customer support messages
Enabling communication and interaction with other players
Display of personalised advertising.
In order to display personalised advertising within the Service and on other websites and services (including e-mail), we have a legitimate interest in processing the necessary data to
Track the content you access in connection with the Service and your online behavior
Providing, coordinating and improving our advertising and service
Maintaining a safe and fair service.
Ensuring equal competitive conditions among players is our top priority. Please refer to the Terms of Use for more information on these terms.
In order to keep the service and its social functions safe and fair, to combat fraud and to ensure an acceptable use elsewhere, we have a legitimate interest in processing the necessary data to
Analysis and monitoring of the use of the service and its social functions
Automatic or manual moderation of chats
Action to be taken in the event of fraudulent or inappropriate players
Analysis, profiling and segmentation.
In all the above cases and purposes, we can analyze, profile and segment all data collected.
WHO CAN ACCESS YOUR DATA
Apart from Awesome Prototype, your data can be used by others in the following situations:
other players and users
Social functions are a central part of our games. For example, other players and users can see your profile information, in-game activity and read the messages you have posted.
partners of  Awesome Prototype.
Awesome Prototype has partners who provide services for us. These partners process your information only according to Awesome Prototype's instructions to provide the service, such as hosting, player support, advertising, analysis and fraud prevention.
The following partners can receive the data collected by us to fulfill the following agreed services:
Hosting Partners (GameSparks)
The data processed here serves storing and evaluating the progress of the game and form the basis any personal support offered within the service..
Partner for tracking and analysis (Game Analytics, Unity Analytics, Firebase, Singular, Facebook Analytics)
By processing the data at tracking and analysis service providers, player data is measured and analyzed to ensure a continuous improvement of the game experience and service.
Platform Partners (Apple, Google)
The platform providers use the data provided to process payment modalities for in-app purchases and also supply measurement data that is used as basis for improving the gaming experience and the service.
Advertising Partner (Unity Ads)
device information, like IP address and device identifiers, and information regarding the delivery of ads and your interaction with them, and data from the analysis provided by the provider may be transmitted to provide personalized advertising. These partners can access your information and operate in accordance with their own privacy policies. We encourage you to read their privacy policy to learn more about their data processing.
Facebook
If the player links his Facebook account to a service, the data processed here forms the basis for authenticating the score and the social features available in the service.
User support (via Helpshift)
The data sent to support technology service providers helps to identify and solve individual technical problems of players.
Other companies and authorities.
To combat fraud and illegal activities, we may share information with other companies and organizations and provide it to authorities in response to legitimate requests.
We may also disclose your information on the basis of your consent, to comply with the law or to protect the rights, property or safety of us, our players or others.
INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSMISSION
Our service is global by nature, so your data can be transferred worldwide. Because different countries may have different privacy laws than your own, we take steps to ensure that appropriate security measures are in place to protect your information as outlined in this policy.
COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES
Like most online services, we and our partners use cookies and similar technologies to deliver and personalize the service, analyze usage, serve ads and prevent fraud. You can disable cookies in your browser settings, but some parts of the service may not function properly afterwards.
HOW WE PROTECT YOUR DATA
Security measures.
To ensure a secure gaming experience, we continuously develop and implement administrative, technical and physical security measures to protect your data from unauthorized access or from loss, misuse or alteration.
Data retention.
We store your data for as long as your account is active or as long as this is necessary to provide our service.
If you request us to delete your personal data, we will make your data as anonymous as necessary for our other business interests, e.g. to fulfil our legal obligations, to settle disputes and to enforce our agreements.
​
Data deletion.
You can request deletion of your private data at any point as per regulations. Data deletion request can be created using a dedicated button in-game. Your data will be deleted within 30 days starting from request confirmation. Up-to-date instructions are available in our FAQ under this
link
AGE LIMITS
We do not knowingly collect or request personal data from or solicit interest-based advertising from children and young people under the age of 16, or allow such persons to use our services.  If you are under 16 years of age, please do not send us any information about yourself, including your name, address, telephone number or email address. No one under the age of 16 may provide us with personal information.  If we become aware that we have collected personal data from a child or adolescent under the age of 16, we will delete this data as soon as possible. If you believe we have information from or about a child under the age of 16, please contact us.
​