Privacy
Home
Privacy
PRIVACY POLICY
New Philosopher
is dedicated to keeping your details private. At Poet Press and The Bull Media Company (“Poet Press”, “Bull Media”, “New Philosopher”, “we”, “us”), we process personal data about our customers and visitors (“you“) on our websites. We make efforts to handle your personal data with care, keep it secure and comply with data protection laws.
How this Policy Works
The purpose of this Policy is to explain when, why and how we process information which may relate to you (“personal data“). It also provides important information on your statutory rights. This Policy is not intended to override the terms of any contract you have with us, nor rights you might have under data protection laws.
Any information, we collect in relation to you, is kept strictly secured. We use this information to identify your orders, provide you with our monthly newsletter (if applicable) and to personalise your shopping experience with us. New Philosopher uses cookies to allow you to login to your account, maintain a shopping cart and to purchase items in your shopping cart. Cookies also allow us to give you a more personalised shopping experience by displaying products that interest you throughout our product pages, thus providing you with a more friendly, interesting and enjoyable shopping experience. See more information on Cookies below.
Whenever you use our website, or any other website, the computer on which the web pages are stored (the Web server) needs to know the network address of your computer so that it can send the requested web pages to your Internet browser. The unique network address of your computer is called its “IP address,” and is sent automatically each time you access any Internet site. From a computer’s IP address, it is possible to determine the general geographic location of that computer, but otherwise it is anonymous.
We do not keep a record of the IP addresses from which users access our site except where you have specifically provided us with information about yourself, in which case we also record your IP address for security purposes. An example of this would be when proceeding to a checkout to finalise an order you may wish to make. After completing the form provided, your IP address will be stored along with a transaction number that allows us to track your order.
New Philosopher strives to ensure that your privacy is always respected.
We will only collect information about you that we need to provide the various services we offer as well as related services – and will securely store your data, transmitting it in encrypted form.
Occasionally you may order products from
The New Philosopher Shop
, enter contests, vote in polls, subscribe to one of our services, or comment on articles and blog posts. When you do, we may ask for personal information such as your name, address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers, credit card details, or information about your preference for such things as products, or editorial.
You may occasionally provide us with information about other people – such as a person’s name and email address to order a gift subscription or to buy a product. If you want it sent directly to the recipient, you may submit the recipient’s name, address, and telephone number.
Email Subscribers
When you sign up to our newsletters or email databases we retain your name and email address. This information may be used to provide email updates and other communications such as information about our shop.
If you ask us to delete your subscription, we will delete your information from our database, however we cannot guarantee that it will be deleted from backups.
Visiting the website
While the New Philosopher includes links to other websites, we can’t be responsible for the content or privacy policies of other websites.
Commenting on articles
When commenting on articles and blog posts, your comments appear on the Internet, so be careful of what you write. Although if requested we can remove your comments, they may remain visible via search engines or other archival systems.
To make a comment you must include an email address, which is stored on a secure server. The requirement of posting an email address is to discourage commerical spam and nuisance commentary.
Shop Customers
When you buy from our shop, we collect information about you to fill your order, such as your name, address, email and the products you wish to buy. Your information is stored on a secure server. Sometimes we may use this information to contact you about New Philosopher events and other information.
When purchasing items from the shop, we may forward your information to third parties for services such as credit card processing and order fulfillment. While we will seek to require such third parties to follow appropriate privacy policies and will not authorise them to use this information except for the express purpose for which it is provided, New Philosopher. does not bear any responsibility for any actions or policies of third parties.
Security Policy: Credit card details
When purchasing from New Philosopher your financial details are passed through a secure server using the latest 128-bit SSL (secure sockets layer) encryption technology.128-bit SSL encryption is approximated to take at least one trillion years to break, and is the industry standard. If you have any questions regarding our security policy, please contact our customer support centre at subscriptions {at} newphilosopher.com
Magazine Subscribers
When you subscribe to New Philosopher magazine, we collect information about you that is necessary for us to fulfil your subscription. This information can include your name, address, phone number, email address and, if you are paying by direct debit, your bank account details.
Although we take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorised disclosures of information, we cannot assure you that personally identifiable information that we collect will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Notice.
For subscribers in Australasia, payments are processed via eWAY and Westpac with subscription terms up to three years. For subscribers in the UK and Europe, payments are processed via AIB’s merchant facility and subscriptions are a maximum of one year at a time. For subscribers in the rest of the world, payments are processed via Paypal, with subscription terms up to three years.
Who is responsible for looking after your personal data?
Poet Press Pty Ltd, having its registered address 130 Macquarie St Hobart TAS 7000 Australia, is principally responsible for looking after your personal data (your Data Controller). Data Controller means the company that determines the means and purposes of processing of personal data. You should be aware that although we are principally responsible for looking after your personal data, information may be held in databases which can be accessed by other companies. When accessing your personal data, all companies will comply with the standards set out in this Policy.
What personal data do we process?
We may process the following personal data about you:
Date of birth
Email address
Address
Telephone number
Password
IP address
Location data
Website usage
Gender
Age
Occupation
Personal preferences and opinions
What do we use your personal data for and when do we process your personal data?
Poet Press will collect information directly from you when you use our services or visit our websites. We use your personal data to:
send out promotional emails relating to products and services. See also section below on Direct marketing.
analyse information in our systems and databases to improve the way we run our business and websites according to user preferences, to provide a better service and user experience;
Improve and target emails that you receive from us;
register you for a chat forum or community, if we make available, in which you can provide comments;
meet or exercise any of our legal obligations or rights.
We will only process your personal data for the purposes set out in this section and where we are satisfied that:
you have provided your consent to us using the data in that way, or
our use of your personal data is necessary to support ‘legitimate interests’ that we have as a business (for example, to improve our products, or to carry out analytics across our datasets), in a way that is proportionate and respects your privacy.
Who do we share your personal data with?
We work with many third parties, to help manage our business and deliver services. These third parties may from time to time need to have access to your personal data:
Our mailing application provider The Newsletter Plugin, hosted on our server;
Our plugin provider and host of WordPress.com Automattic, Inc., based in the USA who is Privacy Shield certified as you may see here and processes personal data on our behalf;
Our analytics service providers (such as Google), who process personal data for their own purposes as Data Controllers. Please refer to our Cookie Policy in the Appendix below in order to identify how you may prevent access to your personal data by analytics providers;
Service providers or data processors that handle your personal data on our instructions, for example cloud service;
Our subsidiaries in the Poet Press group, located inside or outside the EU/EEA. Transfers of personal data will be subject to Poet Press intra group data transfer agreements;
If we are under a duty to disclose to comply with a legal obligation or protect our interests or security;
In the event we sell, buy or re-organise any business or assets, or if our assets are acquired by a third party, including prospective sellers or buyers.
International Transfers
International Transfers mean that personal data is transferred to a country outside Australia or the European Union. As set out in the section above, we may allow access to your personal data to third parties who may be located outside Australia and the European Union. We may also disclose your personal data if we receive a legal or regulatory request from a foreign law enforcement body outside Australia or the European Union. We will always take steps to ensure that any international transfer of information is managed to protect your rights and interests. Any requests for information that we receive from law enforcement or regulators will be carefully checked before personal data is disclosed. You have the right to ask us for more information about the safeguards we have put in place as mentioned above.
Contact us
if you wish further information.
Direct Marketing
We will use your personal data to send you direct marketing communications regarding products and services that we and our partners offer regarding for example media, gifts, books, and other printed matter. This may be in the form of email or targeted online advertisements. In some cases our processing of your personal data for marketing purposes will be based on our legitimate interests (see Section above). When required by law it will be based on your consent.
You always have a right to say no to further direct marketing, at any time. You can use the opt-out link that you find in all direct marketing communications, or by contacting us. We take steps to limit direct marketing to a reasonable and proportionate level, and to send you communications that we believe may be of interest or relevance to you, based on the information we have about you.
How long do we keep your personal data?
We will retain your personal data for as long as reasonably necessary for the purposes listed above. In some circumstances we keep your personal data during a certain period to meet for example legal, tax or accounting requirements. We maintain a data retention policy for personal data in our care. Where your personal data is no longer required we will ensure it is either securely deleted or made anonymous.
What are your rights?
You have a number of rights in relation to your personal data. More information about each of these rights can be found by referring to the table set out further below. To exercise your rights you may
contact us
as by sending an email to ab@newphilosopher.com or in writing to Poet Press at the address set out above.
Please note the following if you wish to exercise your rights:
Access
You can ask us to:
confirm whether we are processing your personal data;
give you a copy of that data;
provide you with other information about your personal data, for example what data we have, what we use it for, who we disclose it to, whether we transfer it outside Australia or the EU and how we protect it, how long we keep it for, what rights you have, how you can make a complaint, where we got your data from and whether we have carried out any Automated Decision Making or Profiling, to the extent that information has not already been provided to you in this Policy.
Rectification
You can ask us to rectify inaccurate personal data. We may seek to verify the accuracy of the data before rectifying it.
Erasure
You can ask us to erase your personal data, but only where:
it is no longer needed for the purposes for which it was collected; or
you have withdrawn your consent (where processing was based on consent); or
following a successful right to object (see ‘Objection’ below); or
it has been processed unlawfully; or
to comply with a legal obligation.
We are not required to comply with your request to erase your personal data if the processing of your personal data is necessary:
for compliance with a legal obligation; or
for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims;
There are certain other circumstances in which we are not required to comply with your erasure request, although these two are the most likely circumstances in which we would deny that request.
Restriction
You can ask us to restrict (i.e. keep but not use) your personal data, but only where:
its accuracy is contested (see Rectification), to allow us to verify its accuracy; or
the processing is unlawful, but you do not want it erased; or
it is no longer needed for the purposes for which it was collected, but we still need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or
you have exercised the right to object, and verification of overriding grounds is pending.
We can continue to use your personal data following a request for restriction, where:
we have your consent; or
to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or
to protect the rights of another natural or legal person.
Portability
You can ask us to provide your personal data to you in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format, or you can ask to have it ‘ported’ directly to another Data Controller, but in each case only where:
the processing is based on your consent or on the performance of a contract with you; and
the processing is carried out by automated means.
Objection
You can object to any processing of your personal data which has our ‘legitimate interests’ as its legal basis, if you believe your fundamental rights and freedoms outweigh our legitimate interests. We have an opportunity to demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate interests which override your rights and freedoms.
International Transfers
You can ask to obtain a copy of, or reference to, the safeguards under which your personal data is transferred outside of Australia or the European Economic Area. We may redact data transfer agreements or related documents (i.e. obscure certain information contained within these documents) for reasons of commercial sensitivity.
Supervisory Authority
You have a right to lodge a complaint with the responsible local supervisory authority about our processing of your personal data. We ask that you please attempt to resolve any issues with us first, although you have a right to contact your supervisory authority at any time.
Cookie Policy
We use cookies
To offer you a full range of functions when you visit our website, recognise your preferences, and make the use of our website more comfortable and convenient, we use “cookies.”
What are Cookies?
A cookie, pixel or similar technology is a small file or information saved on your computer or device when you visit the website. It enables the website to remember your actions and preferences (such as login, language, font size and other display preferences) over a period of time, so you don’t have to keep re-entering them whenever you come back to the site or browse from one page to another.
Your options
By using our website, you agree to the use and storage of cookies on your computer or device. You can generally view our website without cookies, but certain parts of the website may not work properly or navigating be slower. If you do not wish cookies to be stored on your computer or device, you can deactivate the relevant option in the system settings of your browser. You can also delete stored cookies in the system settings of your browser at any time. More information on how to deactivate or delete cookies can be found
here
. However, please keep in mind that if you do not accept any cookies this may restrict the functionality of our offerings.
Categories of cookies
We use cookies for different purposes and with different functions. Some cookies are:
necessary in technical terms;
stored and used for a certain time period;
placed and stored by us or a third party.
Technical necessity
Cookies that are technically:
Necessary: We use certain cookies because they are strictly necessary in order for the website and its functions to work properly. These cookies are automatically placed on your computer or device when you access the website or a certain function, unless you have set your browser to reject cookies;
Not necessary: Cookies that are not strictly necessary are placed on your computer or device to improve convenience and performance of our website or save certain settings that you have made. We also use cookies that are not strictly necessary in technical terms to get information on the frequency of use of certain areas of our website, so that we can adapt to your needs and requirements on a more targeted basis;
Session cookies: Some cookies are only needed for the duration of your website session, so called “session cookies”. They will be erased or become invalid as soon as you leave our website or your current session expires. Session cookies are used, for example, to retain certain information during your session;
Permanent cookies: Some cookies are stored for a longer period. For example, it allows to recognise you when you access our website again at a later time and access saved settings. As a result, you can access webpages faster or with greater convenience, for example, that you do not need to set certain options again, such as your chosen language. Permanent cookies are automatically deleted after a predefined period;
Flow cookies: These cookies are used for communication between our internal servers within our company group. They are placed on your computer or device when you start navigating the website and deleted after the end of your navigation on the website. Flow cookies are given a unique identification number but does not allow us to draw any conclusions regarding the actual customer or user.
Cookie providers
Provider cookies: These are cookies are placed by us or the operator of our website, who is commissioned by us;
Third-party cookies: “Third-party cookies” are stored and used by other organisations or websites, for example, Web analytics tools. External providers may also use cookies to display advertising or to integrate content from social networks, such as social plugins. For further information on Web analytics tools and measurement of reach, please see below in this cookie policy.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.
Read More
Privacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the ...
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.