Back
Uphold Privacy & Data Policy
Last updated Mar 3, 2025
This Privacy Notice describes how Uphold collects, uses, and shares your Personal Data that we receive from you when you visit our website or app or which we otherwise receive or collect from you in the course of, or in connection with, the provision of our products and services and our business operations. It answers the following questions:
How do we collect Personal Data about you?
What Personal Data do we collect?
How do we use your Personal Data, and on what legal basis do we collect your Personal Data?
How do we keep your Personal Data safe?
How do we share your Personal Data?
Do we transfer your Personal Data outside of Québec or the European Union?
What does Uphold’s real-time public reserve transparency mean for your Personal Data?
What are your legal data privacy rights?
How long do we retain your Personal Data?
How do we protect children’s privacy?
How do we use your Personal Data to inform you and market to you?
How do we make changes to this Privacy Statement?
Where does this Privacy Statement apply?
Who can you contact if you have further questions or requests about your privacy?
Uphold Group is made up of different legal entities, including Uphold HQ Inc., Uphold, LDA, Uphold Worldwide Ltd., Uphold International Equities, Inc., Uphold Operating Canada Ltd, and other affiliates. This privacy statement is issued on behalf of the Uphold Group so when we mention “Uphold,” "we," "us" or "our" in this privacy statement, we are referring to the relevant company in the Uphold Group responsible for processing your Personal Data. Users residing in the UK, however, are subject to the UK Privacy & Data Notice available
here
. For users residing in Canada, the entity responsible for processing your Personal Data is Uphold Operating Canada Ltd.
It is important that you read this Privacy Notice together with any other privacy Notice or fair processing notice we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing Personal Data about you so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your data. This Privacy Notice supplements the other notices and is not intended to override them.
How do we collect Personal Data about you?
We collect Personal Data about you both directly and indirectly.
We collect information from and about you when you register with us or use our products, services or apps (our “Service”) or use our website or software applications, or access or use third-party services that use our Application Programming Interface (“API”).
When registering with us as a customer, we ask you for detailed information, which we will use to verify your identity and protect against fraud, among other reasons discussed below.
We gather Personal Data at other times when managing your Uphold account, such as from surveys, email communications, during support or customer care or during investigations.
We automatically collect information sent to us by your computer, mobile phone or other device to improve your experience.
When you use a location-enabled device with our Service, we may collect geographical location data or use various means to determine your location, such as sensor data from your device that may, for instance, provide data on nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access spots.
As you interact with our website or software applications, we may automatically collect technical data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. We collect this information by using cookies, server logs, and other similar technologies. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive by a website. Cookies help us make our website and Service and your use of them better by allowing us to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. Please see our
Cookie Policy
for additional information. You can also adjust your browser settings to disable cookies, but it may affect your ability to use the Service and our website.
We may receive data from third parties about you. This may include technical data from analytics and advertising partners like Google, from identity verification providers, as well as from other financial institutions.
What Personal Data do we collect?
Uphold only collects directly or indirectly the Personal Data it needs in order to offer and support our Service and meet our legal and regulatory obligations, which may vary depending on our relationship with you.
Here is an overview of the Personal Data we collect directly or indirectly from or about you:
Identity verification data:
To verify your identity, we collect your name, address, phone, email, and other similar information. We may also require you to provide additional Personal Data for verification purposes, including your date of birth, taxpayer or government identification number, or a copy of your government-issued identification. Where permitted by law, we may obtain information from affiliated and non-affiliated third parties, such as credit bureaus, identity verification services, and other screening services to verify that you are eligible to use our Services, and will associate that information with the information we collected from you. As part of our identity verification process, Uphold uses Veriff to verify your identity by determining whether a selfie you take matches the photo in your government-issued identification. Veriff’s facial recognition technology collects information from your photos that may include biometric data, and when you provide your selfie, you will be asked to agree that Veriff may process biometric data and other data (including special categories of data) from the photos you submit and share it with Uphold. Automated processes may be used to make a verification decision. Veriff’s
privacy policy
describes its collection, processing, storage and use of your personal data in more detail.
Use of AI and OCR Technology for Identity Verification and Data Processing:
As part of our identity verification and onboarding process, we use Persona’s OCR and AI-powered Document AI to extract relevant data from submitted documents.
How Persona Processes Your Data:
OCR Extraction:
Persona’s OCR technology scans documents to capture predefined data points such as EINs, SSNs, names, addresses, and business details.
AI-Powered Document Analysis:
Persona’s Document AI uses large language models (LLMs) configured with extraction keys and prompts to analyze and extract specific fields, even from documents with varying layouts or missing traditional search keys.
Data Processing & Security:
Extracted data is processed in real time to facilitate automated onboarding workflows. Data is encrypted in transit and at rest to ensure security.
Customer Acknowledgment & Transparency:
Users are encouraged to review Persona’s  Privacy Policy for more details on data processing and AI usage.
Address verification data:
We use Ekata to validate your physical address. Automated processes may be used to make a verification decision. Ekata’s privacy policy describes its collection, processing, storage and use of your personal data in more detail. In lieu of Ekata, we may use Trulioo to validate your physical address. Automated processes may be used to make a verification decision. Trulioo’s privacy policy describes its collection, processing, storage and use of your personal data in more detail.  We additionally may require further address verification and validation through our partner, SumSub by requesting that you provide us with documentation verifying your physical address such as bank statements, utility bills, Internet/cable TV/house phone line bills, tax returns, council tax bill, and or government-issued certifications of residence. SumSub’sprivacy notice describes its collection, processing, storage and use of your personal data in more detail. Uphold uses Google Places Autocomplete, a feature provided by Google that offers suggestions for addresses and places as you type in search fields. When you use our platform, we may access Google Places Autocomplete to provide real-time suggestions for addresses and places as you type in search fields.
Financial data:
In addition to identity verification, Uphold may collect various information regarding your finances through third parties in order to be able to perform the transactions you request on the platform and to ensure compliance with regulatory requirements (e.g., anti-money laundering laws) and our own internal policies; in order for this to function, we must share certain elements of your Personal Data with these third parties. The information we receive from these third parties may include accounts you hold, balances, transactions, and a risk score. When linking your existing bank account to the Uphold platform, users in certain jurisdictions may use Plaid, a third-party service, to seamlessly link accounts, and in order to do so, information about your bank account is shared by Plaid with Uphold. The collection and transfer of this information are subject to Plaid’s privacy policy.
Account activity data: We collect information about your transactions, payments from or to you, and your other activities on our site or Service and other details of products and services you have purchased from us.
Application use data:
We may collect data on your interaction and use of our Service. This includes visits to our website or app, sign-up activity, your bank account, credit card , other payment details to enable you to enter into transactions on the Service, along with any additional information you may disclose to our user support team in order to resolve problems you report.
Your device data:
We collect and process your internet protocol (IP) addresses, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access this website or any of our software applications.
Marketing and email data:
We collect and process your preferences in receiving marketing from us, your email address, including hashed identifiers derived from email addresses for the purposes of cross-device tracking for targeted advertising, and where you may have seen Uphold advertisements. We use Customer.io for all marketing and transactional communications.
Our email headers contain tracking pixels that collect the following information;
Whether the email was opened
How long the email was open
How far down the email a recipient scrolls
Whether any links in the email were clicked
The recipient’s IP address
The recipient’s email client and device type
The recipient’s location
Customer.io’s
Privacy Policy
describes the collection, processing, storage, and use of your personal data in more detail.
How do we use your Personal Data, and on what legal basis do we collect and process your Personal Data?
We only collect and process your Personal data when it is lawful for us to do so. Listed below are the ways in which we may use and process your Personal Data and the legal grounds we rely on to do so.
Providing our Service to you:
It may sound obvious, but we need your data to make Uphold work in the first place. Without your name, banking information and other details, we simply could not offer you our products and services.
Identity verification:
As a financial institution, it is essential that we are able to confirm the true identity of our users. There are rules and regulations across the globe that require we identify our customers, including laws concerning anti-corruption, anti‐bribery, anti‐terrorism, and anti‐money laundering.
Identity Verification & Automated Onboarding: We use OCR and AI-powered technology from Persona to extract and verify identity-related data from submitted documents. This helps streamline the onboarding process, improve accuracy, and enhance fraud prevention. Our legal basis is:
Legitimate Interest
– Ensuring efficient onboarding, reducing errors, and preventing fraud.
Consent
– Users provide explicit consent at the time of application.
Fraud Prevention:
We use the personal information we collect in connection with providing you our services to detect and prevent fraudulent activity. We share this information with Unit 21 and Sift, both third party service providers, to assist us with this effort. Unit 21 and Sift use various technologies to capture various device identifiers, such as canvas fingerprinting and may use automated decision making in order to detect and prevent fraudulent activity. For more information on the privacy practices of Unit  21 please review their
Privacy Policy
.  For more information on the privacy practices of Sift, please review their
Service Privacy Notice
.
Account Security:
We use your phone number for our account two-factor authentication process. This includes sending SMS or text messages (including by an automatic telephone dialing system) to any of the phone numbers provided by you or on your behalf in connection with your Uphold account.
Address Verification:
When you interact with our platform using Google Places Autocomplete, the following types of information may be collected and processed:
Search Queries:
Information about your search queries, specifically the text you input into address or place search fields.
Location Data:
Your device's geographical location, either provided by you or determined through GPS, IP address, or other methods, to refine autocomplete suggestions.
Usage Data:
Data on how you use the autocomplete feature, including the frequency and timing of your searches.
Keeping you informed:
It is important for security and financial transparency that we keep you aware of your transactions and related activity at Uphold. We will send you emails with confirmations, invoices, technical notices, updates, security alerts, legal and support and administrative messages.
Investigations:
Occasionally, we need to look at your account activity in order to check and protect against fraudulent, unauthorized or illegal behavior.
Customer care:
We strive to make sure you can easily use our products with no headaches, but sometimes you need help. Our customer care team will occasionally need access to your account data in order to fix any issues or answer your questions.
Managing and improving our Service:
We like to understand how our users engage and use Uphold in order to make sure Uphold is the best it can be. This process includes combining different account, transactional, marketing and other data to analyze the effectiveness and performance of our Service.
Behavioral Advertising and Analytics (including attribution statistics)*:
For those who choose to consent (opt-in) to our targeted advertising cookies, this process includes combining different account, transactional, marketing, and cross-device tracking. When we apply these techniques we may use your Personal Information to provide you with targeted advertisements, banners, or marketing communications we believe may be of interest to you. We may also use information from your mobile device, such as: browser type, device type and model, IDFA Identifiers, CPU, system language, memory, OS version, Wi-Fi status, time stamp and zone, device motion parameters and carrier for advanced attribution, acquisition, and analytical purposes including personalized or lookalike advertising. For more information about how targeted advertising works, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s (“NAI”) educational page
here
.
Opting Out of Targeted Advertising and Analytics
If you would like to opt out of targeted advertising or analytics tracking, you can do so using the links below:
Targeted Advertising Opt-Out:
Facebook:
Ad Preferences
Google:
Ad Settings
AdRoll:
Opt-Out
| Privacy Policy
Analytics Opt-Out:
Ahrefs:
Privacy Policy
AppsFlyer:
Opt-Out
| Privacy Policy
Google Analytics:
My Activity
Additionally, you can opt out of some of these services through industry opt-out portals:
Digital Advertising Alliance
Network Advertising Initiative
YourAdChoices (Canada)
Your Online Choices (EU)
For more information, see our
Cookie Policy
.
Communicating with you:
We want you to be aware of product updates, news, events, and promotions and, if you consent, we will send you information, including regular personalized emails, to keep you up to date with all things Uphold.
Business operations:
We may need to use your Personal Data for our business operations, including internal training and administration, legal compliance, to enforce our legal rights, to protect third party rights, and in connection with a business transition such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of our assets.
Website and software applications:
We use data analytics to improve our website and software applications, activities and operations, products/services, events, etc.
Third parties:
If you (i) use our Service and/or platform by (a) using an application (whether directly or by authorizing an application to use our Service and/or platform), (b) using a link provided by a third-party, or (c) any third party integrations or (ii) if you partner with us in a program or other business arrangement where a third-party intermediary is involved  all such third parties may receive detailed information about your account, your use of the Service, transaction history or even the ability to take actions on your behalf. When you authorize an application or third party integration via the Uphold platform, you will be notified of what Personal Data will be shared with these third parties. Information collected by these applications or third-party integrations are subject to their terms and policies and are required by contract by Uphold to maintain the confidentiality and security of your Personal Data.
The primary legal grounds upon which we collect and process your Personal Data are:
through obtaining your consent at the time of collection,
due to the necessity of doing so to perform the services as requested,
in order to comply with our legal obligations, and
to pursue our legitimate interests (e.g., to provide you with access to our services; to improve our
services, to detect and prevent fraudulent activity within our services, etc.).
Note that we may process your Personal Data for more than one lawful basis depending on the specific purpose for which we are using that data.
How do we keep your Personal Data safe?
We have implemented security measures to prevent your Personal Data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorized way, altered or disclosed.
We protect your Personal Data by maintaining physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards, incorporating tested security technologies, in compliance with applicable laws and taking into account the sensitivity of the data. We may use network safeguards such as firewalls and data encryption, enforce physical access controls, and authorize access to Personal Data only for those people who require access to fulfill their job responsibilities.
In addition, we limit access to your Personal Data to those employees, agents, contractors, and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your Personal Data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality. Those with access to your Personal Data are carefully screened, periodically reevaluated, and are required to keep all your Personal Data confidential.
How do we share your Personal Data?
We sometimes share your information internally between employees and contractors of the Uphold Group (including those based outside Canada or the European Economic Area (“EEA”)), in particular in connection with activities undertaken jointly or in common with such group members and/or provide IT and system administration services and undertake management reporting.
We may disclose your personal data to our partner and affiliate Optimus Cards UK Limited (FRN: 902034) (“Optimus”), which provides e-money services in the UK. Optimus will hold your information on their own account, and process it in accordance with their own privacy policy, which may be updated from time to time. You can read Optimus’ privacy policy
here
.
We may share your search queries and relevant information with Google to enable the provision of the Google Places Autocomplete service. Google’s use of this data is governed by their own privacy policies and terms of service.
Under the ‘Travel Rule,' we are legally required to share certain personal information—such as your name, address, and transaction details—with other financial institutions involved in virtual asset transfers. This is necessary to comply with regulations and help prevent financial crime.
We do not sell, trade or otherwise transfer your Personal Data to third parties other than third parties who assist us in operating our Service, third parties who assist us in facilitating certain programs and other business arrangements for which you have expressly agreed to participate, management and reporting, maintaining compliance with relevant laws (including compliance with relevant anti-corruption, anti‐bribery, anti‐terrorism, and anti‐money laundering laws), conducting our business or supporting our users, or providing you with applications or services integrated via our API. We require that those third parties agree to keep this information confidential and secure on the same conditions and protection levels we provide to you as a user, in accordance with relevant privacy laws, including the GDPR. A complete list of our sub-processors can be viewed
here
.
We may also release your information to certified and authorized law enforcement officials when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our terms or policies, or protect the rights, property, or safety of Uphold, our users, or others. We have a set of guidelines for how we engage with law enforcement officials that are available to the public
here
.
Finally, in the event of the sale or transfer of ownership, your data would be shared with the new owners.
Do we transfer your Personal Data outside of Québec or the EU?
Uphold is headquartered in the United States. Many of our affiliates and third-party service providers are based outside Québec or the EEA, so processing of your Personal Data may involve a transfer of your Personal Data outside Québec or the EEA and may be maintained or accessed in servers or files located in countries outside Québec or the EEA, including the United States.
By voluntarily providing your Personal Data on or via this website or app, you consent to its transfer, processing and storage in the United States or other countries outside Québec or the EEA, some which have not been deemed by the EEA to have “adequate” privacy safeguards.
Whenever we transfer any Personal Data outside Québec or the EEA, we will put in place an adequate level of protection including written contracts, to ensure that any such transfers comply, and are consistent with applicable EU data protection laws, including with respect to transfers among Uphold affiliates, and the standard data protection clauses adopted by the EU Commission.
If you are located in Québec, the EU, the Asia-Pacific region, the Middle East, or any other jurisdiction and would like more information about the specific mechanisms we use for transferring Personal Data outside of Québec or the EEA, please contact us at
data.privacy@uphold.com
.
For users in Asia Pacific regions (including India, Australia, and New Zealand) and Middle East regions (including Saudi Arabia and the UAE), we implement appropriate safeguards for international transfers as required by applicable local data protection laws in those jurisdictions.
What does Uphold's real-time public reserve transparency mean for your Personal Data?
As part of our transparency, we publish our holding and transactions on our
Transparency Page
. Our Reservechain™ and Reserveledger™ do not contain any Personal Data. The amount, asset class and time-stamp of all transactions conducted using our Service is a permanent part of the publicly-accessible Reservechain™ and Reserveledger™. Only users who are party to the transaction have the ability to access Personal Data associated with their transactions.
What are your legal data privacy rights?
You have the right to:
Access the Personal Data we store and process about you or to request a copy of it to transfer to another service provider.
Request that we correct inaccurate data about you.
Ask us to delete, restrict, or object to us processing your data, although for legal reasons (e.g. anti-money laundering rules and regulations) we cannot always do this.
Request the transfer of your personal data to you or to a third party, in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format.
Withdraw your consent at any time where we are relying on consent to process your personal data, including for marketing
Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
Your marketing preferences can be updated on the Uphold Platform under your user settings or through any Newsletter via the “Unsubscribe” link.  For all other Data Privacy inquiries, please submit your request through our standard customer support process, by contacting our
Support Team
.
Also, under the relevant privacy laws of the EEA (including the European Union’s
General Data Protection Regulation
) in respect of your EEA Personal Data you may have a number of important rights. For further information on each of those rights, including the circumstances in which they apply, see the Guidance from the European Information Commissioner’s Office (ECO) on individual’s rights under the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation
here
.
Your rights are subject to applicable legal restrictions and we may take appropriate steps to verify your identity before responding to your request. To exercise any of these rights, please contact us at
data.privacy@uphold.com
.
How long do we retain your Personal Data?
Uphold maintains reasonable procedures to help ensure that your Personal Data is reliable for its intended use, accurate, complete, and current.
We (or our service providers) will only retain your Personal Data for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which we collected it, including to satisfy legal, accounting, or reporting requirements. This includes compliance with the
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
and other applicable laws, such as those related to anti-money laundering (AML), counter-terrorist financing (CTF), and economic sanctions regulations, including those enforced by the Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC). Our legal and regulatory obligations require that we retain customer data for a period of 10 years after the end of the customer relationship, or longer where required to comply with sanctions screening, enforcement actions, or government investigations
When it is no longer necessary to retain your Personal Data, we will securely delete it, subject to applicable law and regulations.
In some circumstances, we may anonymize your Personal Data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
If you request that we stop sending you marketing materials, we will continue to keep a record of your contact details and appropriate information to enable us to comply with your request not to be contacted by us.
Should you make a Data Subject request through our standard customer support channel, we will retain the minimum required amount of data in order to keep a record of your request and the action we took to resolve it.
How do we protect children’s privacy?
We do not knowingly solicit or collect information from individuals under 18. If we become aware that a child under the age of 18 has provided us with Personal Data, we will close the account and restrict their information. If you believe that we might have collected Personal Data from a child under 18, please contact us using the information below.
How do we use your Personal Data to inform you and market to you?
In compliance with applicable laws, we may send you personalized marketing information, including by email, and such information may include product and service updates, industry news, our events, activities and offers, information about our business and personnel, and tips. We may combine your Personal Data such as age, transaction history, account usage to improve the value and specificity of these communications.
You can ask us to stop sending you marketing messages or information at any time by following the “unsubscribe” link on any marketing message sent to you or by updating your contact preferences directly on the Uphold Platform. Please note, it may take up to 10 days for this to take effect. Where you opt-out of receiving these marketing messages or publications, this will not apply to Personal Data collected by or provided to us in connection with a specific purpose, request, order, event or activity or any dealings with you, and you may still receive emails from us relating to the operation of the Uphold service, like transaction confirmations.
How do we make changes to this Privacy Statement?
This version was last updated on the date indicated above and historic versions are archived and can be obtained by contacting us. We may update this Privacy Statement from time to time as we deem necessary or appropriate in our sole discretion. If there are any material changes to this Privacy Statement, we will notify you by email, by means of a notice on the Uphold Platform, or as otherwise required by applicable law. We encourage you to review this Privacy Statement periodically to be informed regarding how we are using and protecting your information and to be aware of any policy changes. Any changes to this Privacy Statement take effect immediately after being posted or otherwise provided by us.
It is important that the Personal Data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your Personal Data changes during your relationship with us.
Where does this Privacy Statement apply?
This Privacy Statement applies to all of the services offered by the Uphold Group and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Statement does not apply to services that have separate privacy notices that do not incorporate this Privacy Statement.
This Privacy Statement doesn’t apply to the information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services or to services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites that may include our Services or be linked from our Services.
This website and app may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins, and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy statement of every website you visit.
Who can you contact if you have further questions or requests about your privacy?
You can direct any questions or complaints about the use or disclosure of your Personal Data to us by contacting us as set out below. We will investigate and attempt to resolve any complaints or disputes regarding the use or disclosure of your Personal Data as soon as possible.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Statement or need to contact us, please email us at
data.privacy@uphold.com
, or contact us by mail at 80 East Sir Francis Drake Blvd., Ste. 3D, Larkspur, CA 94939. All Data Subject Requests should be submitted to our Customer Support Team. Uphold does not process requests received by a privacy automated service (bot). All requests must come directly from the individual to the email address noted above.
As Uphold is based in the United States it has appointed Uphold, Lda. a company incorporated in Portugal ( Co. Number: PT513095136  to be its representative within the EEA. They may be contacted at
data.privacy@uphold.com
. For Canadian residents, please contact our Privacy Officer at
data.privacy@uphold.com
or send us a letter to: 6th Fl., 905 West Pender St., Vancouver, BC, Canada V6C 1L6.
If you are resident in the European Union and are dissatisfied with the resolution of your complaint in respect of your EEA Personal Data, you may contact the EU data protection authority in your jurisdiction using the contact details provided
here
for further information and assistance.
Who can you contact if you have further questions or complaints about Uphold in USA?
If you have a complaint, first contact Uphold HQ Inc. at 1-888-677-9280 or
support@uphold.com
, and if you still have an unresolved complaint regarding Uphold HQ Inc.'s money transmission activity, please direct your complaint to:
Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
855-411-2372, 855-729-2372 (TTY/TDD)
https://consumerfinance.gov
In addition, if you are a Texas resident:
Texas Department of Banking
2601 North Lamar Boulevard
Austin, Texas 78705
1-877-276-5554 (toll free)
www.dob.texas.gov
1.
How do we collect Personal Data about you?
2.
What Personal Data do we collect?
3.
How do we use your Personal Data, and on what legal basis do we collect and process your Personal Data?
4.
How do we keep your Personal Data safe?
5.
How do we share your Personal Data?
6.
Do we transfer your Personal Data outside of Québec or the EU?
7.
What does Uphold's real-time public reserve transparency mean for your Personal Data?
8.
What are your legal data privacy rights?
9.
How long do we retain your Personal Data?
10.
How do we protect children’s privacy?
11.
How do we use your Personal Data to inform you and market to you?
12.
How do we make changes to this Privacy Statement?
13.
Where does this Privacy Statement apply?
14.
Who can you contact if you have further questions or requests about your privacy?
15.
Who can you contact if you have further questions or complaints about Uphold in USA?
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.veriff.com/privacy-policy:
Veriff's Privacy Notice
1. Our Privacy Notice in a nutshell
2. Definitions
3. Our main privacy principles
4. The content of Personal Data we process
5. Legal grounds and Purposes of processing
6. Technological aspects of our Service provision and development
7. Data Subject’s rights in relation to Personal Data
8. Disclosure and transfer of Personal Data
9. Security of Personal Data
10. Retention of Personal Data
11. Children’s Personal Data
12. Jurisdiction specific notices
13. Identity verification with the UKDIATF Certified Identity Verification Solution (Medium Level)
14. Veriff's Demo app and testing Veriff's session flow
15. Contact details and information
16. Availability of and changes to the Privacy Notice
Veriff's Privacy Notice
Thank you for taking the time to familiarize yourself with Veriff’s (Veriff OÜ and Veriff Brazil Ltda., hereinafter “
Veriff
”, “
we
”, “
us
”, “
our
”) privacy notice (the “
Privacy Notice
”) which describes how we collect, use, and disclose information about you. This Privacy Notice applies to information we collect from Data Subjects when you access or use our Services or otherwise interact with us, such as by using our demo app, or visiting our Website or offices.
Please note that Veriff’s employees and job applicants are not included in the Data Subject definition of this Privacy Notice, as relevant processing activities are mainly covered by other policies. If you are interested in the data processing activities during our recruitment process, please review our
Recruitment Privacy Notice
.
Veriff is specialized in providing online identification services. We consider ourselves the new standard in identity verification, and when you engage with our Customer, we allow our Customers to verify your identity document e.g. driver’s license, passport or ID card. We mainly process End-User Personal Data as a Data Processor for the benefit of the Customer in order to provide our Services to our Customers. Therefore, you should always read both this Privacy Notice and the information about data processing according to the Customer’s privacy notice (i.e., the privacy notice of the company for whom you identify yourself).
If Veriff is acting as a controller of your personal data (specific activities described in this Privacy Notice), either Veriff OÜ or Veriff Brazil Ltda. will act as the data controller, depending on the entity you are communicating and/or contracting with.
1. Our Privacy Notice in a nutshell
Here is information on this Privacy Notice in a nutshell.
1.1 In this Privacy Notice, we explain how and on what basis we collect, store and process Personal Data of Data Subjects. We also explain what Data Subjects’ rights are and our obligations and liabilities.
1.2
Except as otherwise described in this Privacy Notice, Veriff processes End-Users’ information as directed by our Customers for the provision of our Services. Our Customers who are the Data Controllers of End-User Personal Data determine the purpose of processing End-User Personal Data and, accordingly, Veriff is a Data Processor of End-User Personal Data with respect to those Services. Veriff is always a Data Controller for Personal Data of other Data Subjects, such as Visitors and Office Visitors. For End-Users to fully understand how Personal Data is processed in connection with the Service, End-Users should review both privacy notices, i.e., this Privacy Notice shared with the End-Users by Veriff and the privacy notices of those Customers’, whose services the End-Users are getting verified for.
1.3
You can find jurisdiction specific notices below in
section 12
, such as Additional Information for Individuals residing in certain U.S. States (see section 12.1) and Notice to Individuals Who are Residents of the State of Illinois and the State of Texas (see section 12.2).
1.4
For information about verifying your identity by the Customer using the UKDIATF Certified Identity Verification Solution (Medium Level), please see section 13.
1.5
Please review this Privacy Notice carefully and contact us if you have any comments, questions or concerns. You can reach our Data Protection Officer (DPO) via email at
privacy@veriff.com
or by
submitting a form
.
2. Definitions
Here you can find the meanings of the most important terms in this Privacy Notice to help you understand how and for what we are processing your Personal Data.
Agreement
– the service agreement entered into between Veriff and Customers, including service agreements for trials and partnership agreements.
Customer
– the legal entity to whom we intend to provide or already provide our Services under the Agreement, including Veriff’s partners under a partnership agreement.
Customer Representative
– natural person representing the Customer, including any natural person with whom we communicate (i) as the representative of a potential Customer prior to conclusion of the Agreement, (ii) during the Agreement term as the representative of our Customer, and (iii) after the Agreement term as a representative of former Customer, as relevant.
Data Controller
– a legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data. Except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Notice, Customers are Data Controllers for End-User Personal Data and give instructions regarding processing to Veriff.
Data Processor
– a legal person, public authority, agency, or other body which processes personal data on behalf of a Data Controller. Except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Notice, Veriff processes End-User Personal Data as a Data Processor on behalf of Customers who are the Data Controllers. For all other Data Subjects, Veriff is acting as the Data Controller.
Data Providers
– these are entities, such as public authorities or our Data Processors, from whom we may collect Personal Data for verification purposes. For example, we may check the End-User-provided information against the official public registry or other fraud prevention services.
Data Subject / you
– a natural person or individual about whom we have Personal Data, including Customer Representatives, End-Users, Visitors, Office Visitors, natural persons who provide us feedback (including research and inquiry-related data) and other natural persons whose Personal Data we may process.
Demo app
– the app owned by Veriff, which can be downloaded in App Store or Google Play, which allows you to test Veriff’s verification flows as a Data Subject.
EEA
– European Economic Area (the European Union Member States, Norway, Iceland and Liechtenstein).
End-User
– the natural person regarding whom we collect Personal Data from via the Service at the request of the Customer or any other natural person accessing or using the Service.
Office Visitor
– is any person visiting the office premises of Veriff.
Personal Data or Personal Information
– any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (the Data Subject), subject to applicable data protection laws; an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person. Anonymized data is de-identified and not Personal Data.
Politically exposed person (PEP)
– politically exposed person including their family members and close associates in accordance with the applicable legal acts regards to prevention of money laundering or terrorist financing (such as a natural person who is or who has been entrusted with prominent public functions, e.g. member of parliament or of a similar legislative body, a member of a governing body of a political party, a member of a supreme court).
Privacy Notice
– this privacy notice, made available at
https://www.veriff.com/privacy-notice
.
Service(s)
– personal identity verification service and connected services (such as any ongoing authentication services, assisting services, fraud prevention and other similar services) provided by us to Customers.
Visitor
– is any person visiting Veriff’s Website.
Website or Veriff’s Website
–
https://www.veriff.com/
, including its subpages and subdomains, operated by Veriff.
3. Our main privacy principles
Here you can find the privacy principles we follow when processing Personal Data.
We follow what we call the “Fundamental Six”, that is, six principles regarding Veriff’s data processing activities:
(1) First, we strive to process Personal Data in a
reliable and confidential way
. Each person’s right to the protection of their Personal Data is important to us and we shall do our best to ensure that Personal Data collected by us is adequately protected. We will do our best efforts to regularly evaluate the risks associated with the processing of Personal Data and apply appropriate mitigation strategies to hedge risks.
(2) Second,
data protection is an integral part of our Service
. We care about developing and deploying services that take into account privacy by design and privacy by default principles. Compliance with our Privacy Notice is integrated into our day-to-day activities, services and processes, and our development efforts. We understand that compliance with data protection rules takes place through our employees. Therefore, we consider it important and we seek to ensure that our employees know and comply with the requirements thereof. We expect, instruct and train our employees to respect our privacy requirements.
(3) Third,
we process Personal Data lawfully and purposefully
. We set clear goals for the processing of Personal Data and process Personal Data for these purposes only. We refrain from collecting or processing the data that we do not need. Veriff aims to delete/blur or make in other ways unreadable any data or documents presented in the session that are not necessary for Veriff’s service provision. This also means all transfers of Personal Data must have a valid legal basis.
(4) Fourth,
we process Personal Data in a transparent and fair way
. We strive for an appropriate, secure, honest and lawful manner of processing the Personal Data to prevent the unauthorized disclosure or inappropriate use of Personal Data. We also work to eliminate the possibility of discrimination or bias in our Service.
(5) Fifth,
we store Personal Data only for as long as the retention of data is required
by law, a contract or is necessary for the provision or development of our Services or required for protecting us against legal claims. At the end of the retention period, we shall permanently erase the Personal Data or anonymize it.
(6) Sixth,
we do our best to make sure that the Personal Data we process is accurate
and limited to what is necessary for the purpose for which it was collected.
4. The content of Personal Data we process
Here you can find what Personal Data we process about End-Users, Customer Representatives, Visitors and Office Visitors.
Personal Data we process about End-Users
4.1. We provide personal identity verification services to Customers.
This means we verify End-Users, i.e., you. For that you have acknowledged data processing according to the Customer’s privacy notice and data processing by us in accordance with this Privacy Notice. We may collect and process, among other data, the following Personal Data collected either directly from you or from the Customer:
(1) personal information concerning the End-User, which mainly consists of information on the End-User’s document and/or extracted from the document, for example name, sex, personal identification number or national equivalent, date of birth, estimated age, legal capacity, nationality, citizenship, organ donor status, eye color, weight and height, as well as the historic data of that End-User that may have been stored with us during previous interactions within the retention periods;
(2) document details, such as the name of the document, issuing country, number, expiration date, information embedded to document barcodes (may vary depending on the document) and security features;
(3) identity verification data, such as photographs taken from you and your document, and video and sound recording of the verification process (of the whole session, if such recording is enabled by the Customer), and the checks results;
(4) contact details, such as address, e-mail address, telephone numbers, IP address and, if relevant, presented document type (e.g. utility bill);
(5) technical data (
Device Signature
), including but not limited to information about the date, time and your activity in the Services, your IP address and domain name, your software and hardware attributes as well as your general geographic location (
e.g.
city, state, country);
(6) machine-readable data, metadata and device and network information;
(7) photos and videos as well as data, such as face scans and other measurements, extracted from the same which are used to authenticate the End-User or compare the End-User’s face to identity document photos - some of this extracted data may be considered biometric data and/or sensitive Personal Data (also "special category of personal data", hereinafter referred to as “sensitive Personal Data”) under applicable data protection laws in certain jurisdictions;
(8) publicly available relevant data and data from external registries, e.g. information about being a politically exposed person (PEP), checks in public sanction lists and other information from such registries, as determined by the Customer;
(9) personal information provided by the End-User, e.g. data from communications with us, feedback data;
(10) personal information provided by natural persons who have participated in our product and market research initiatives;
(11) personal information that we have received from the Customer, e.g. contact details;
(12) evidence and records of legal basis (including consents), for example in cases where we are required or have elected to obtain a consent or a written release or another legal basis prior to processing certain Personal Data.
4.2 We also offer ongoing authentication services to our Customers.
This means that we may use the above mentioned data, but in particular the End-User’s photos and videos as well as data extracted from the same, such as face scans and other measurements, and other documents to verify End-User’s identity on an ongoing basis, for example, to grant the End-User access to our Customer’s services, among other authentication use-cases as determined by our Customer. Such extracted data may be biometric data and/or sensitive Personal Data under applicable data protection laws in certain jurisdictions. We only use such extracted data for the provision of the Service and related business purposes, such as maintaining, improving, upgrading or enhancing the Service. We do not use such extracted data for the purpose of inferring characteristics about you for any other reasons.
4.3 How we obtain End-User’s Personal Data.
We provide our Services to Customers and collect your data from the Customer and/or as you go through the Service flow. This means our Customers are responsible for disclosing to you their privacy notice and any information about the collection of your Personal Data by us on their behalf. Based on an authorization we receive from the Customer, we also collect your Personal Data independently from Data Providers, e.g. to offer our Services within a trust-based relationship and to prevent fraud. For example, if we need to verify the validity of your
identification document
, we may inquire for additional information from the appropriate registry or from other fraud prevention services at the direction of the Customer. For fraud prevention and detection purposes, subject to applicable laws, we may also collect information about compromised identities, for example images or device or network information which have been leaked or used to commit repetitive fraud via Veriff’s service (see
list of Data Providers
).
4.4
Customers may have access to your Personal Data. We may share your Personal Data including identity verification data with the Customer through which you used our identity verification service.
4.5
Please note that providing your Personal Data is voluntary. However, the decision not to do so may mean that you are not able to verify your identity via our Service.
Personal Data we process about the Customer Representatives
4.6 We need to process Customer Representative data
to engage new Customers, enter into the Agreement, to provide our Service, to communicate with the representative of our Customer and for other lawful reasons. This means we may process, among other information, the following data of the Customer Representative:
(1) information of the representative, such as name, job title, position, and contact information;
(2) information in connection with provision of the Service, such as data from communication with us;
(3) data from Customer Representative calls, such as video, image and sound recordings;
(4) technical data (
Device Signature
), including but not limited to information about the date, time and your activity in the Services, your IP address and domain name, and your software and hardware attributes as well as your general geographic location (
e.g.
city, country);
(5) publicly available relevant data;
(6) if the Customer is subject to Veriff’s KYB procedure, identity verification data of Customer Representative, including the data categories listed in Section 4.1 of this Privacy Notice.
4.7 How we obtain Customer Representative’s Personal Data.
We collect this data either from you directly when you communicate with us directly, e.g. by sending us an email, providing us with your Personal Data on the phone or through our customer support tools. The identity verification data is collected when the Customer Representative completes the identity verification step as may be required before granting full access to the Service to the Customer. We may also collect some of your Personal Data in the course of provision of the Service to your employer. We collect information about the Customer (including about relevant representatives of the Customer) from publicly available sources. We only gather relevant and necessary data in order to validate the right of representation e.g. this may include verification of your identity, processing of your Personal Data for introducing the Service (demo) etc.
4.8
Please note, the provision of Personal Data is voluntary. However, if you do not provide your Personal Data, the Customer may not be able to make use of the full range of our Services.
Other Personal Data we process about Visitors, Customer Representatives with an account on our Website and/or End-Users of our Service
4.9
When you visit our Website and/or Service, we may use cookies and similar technologies (collectively “Cookies”), including those provided by third parties, to collect information about your use of our Website and/or Service and other websites and mobile apps, including:
(1) your IP address, and time, and approximate location inferred from your IP address;
(2) usage of the Website and/or Service and other web log data, such as the pages you visit on the Website, the date and time of your visit, the files that you download and the URLs from the websites you visit before and after navigating to the Website;
(3) technical data (
Device Signature
), including but not limited to information about your IP address and domain name, your software and hardware attributes (including device IDs) and your general geographic location (e.g. city, country);
(4) e-mail addresses, when you subscribe to Veriff’s newsletters or download Veriff’s content.
4.10 Purpose of processing with the help of Cookies and related activities.
We use the data collected from Visitors, including through Cookies, to improve our Service and make use of our Service more convenient. For example, Cookies help to enable Website and Service features, to analyze and track Website usage and activity, including for quality assurance and to determine the popularity of certain content, and to personalize your experience, such as by remembering your customized choices. We also use Cookies for our marketing efforts, including to ensure we deliver to you the most relevant content, to deliver advertising targeted to you on other companies’ sites and mobile apps, understand the effectiveness of this advertising, and to make our marketing efforts more efficient subject to applicable laws. For Visitors outside the U.S., read our
Cookie Notice
for more details regarding your controls with respect to Cookies. For Visitors inside the U.S., depending on where you reside, you can adjust certain cookie settings on our
“Your Privacy Choices” page
(see section 7.4(10) for more information).
In addition to ad targeting activities that rely on cookies and similar technologies, we work with advertising partners to translate other identifiers, such as your email address or phone number, into a unique identifier (called a hashed value) that such partners can then use to show ads that promote Veriff that are more relevant to you across the web and in mobile apps. Depending on where you reside, you may have the right to opt out of these disclosures by filling out the form included within our
“Your Privacy Choices” page
(see section 7.4(10) for more information).
Personal Data we process related to responsible disclosure
.
4.11
If you decide to contact Veriff related to reporting an issue mentioned in our
Responsible Disclosure Policy
, we only process the following Personal Data about you:
(1) name;
(2) e-mail address;
(3) picture, if you consent to disclosing it in our
Hall of Fame
.
Personal Data we process related to the Demo app and testing Veriff’s session flow.
4.12
If you decide to download and use Veriff’s Demo app or test Veriff’s session flow on our Website, we may record identity verification data (see section 4.1(3)) and technical data (see section 4.1(5)).
Personal Data we process related to our Office Visitors.
4.13
If you visit the office premises and workplaces of Veriff, this means we may process, among other information, the following Personal Data about you:
(1) name;
(2) e-mail address;
(3) photo;
(4) visuals captured via video surveillance equipment;
(5) if you use Veriff’s office WiFi network, then the source IP addresses and ports, destination addresses and ports, source MAC addresses;
(6) during the widespread of infectious diseases (e.g., COVID-19), subject to applicable laws, proof of vaccination, valid negative test result, recovery certificate or other relevant data to ensure a safe visit.
5. Legal grounds and Purposes of processing
Here you may read why and on what grounds we process your Personal Data.
5.1 We process Personal Data for the provision of our Services.
Regarding Personal Data about End-Users, Veriff's main purpose for processing is to provide our Services to our Customers.
(1) Generally, the main purpose of the Service is to verify your identity, and for this purpose we capture photos and video (if applicable) of the verification session as well as data extracted from the same, such as face scans and other measurements (such extracted data may be biometric data and/or sensitive Personal Data in certain jurisdictions), and the document(s) provided for verification. In addition, for verification, we conduct fraud prevention and detection checks that are an integral part of our Service. Identification process results with information about the completed checks are categorized as “Approved”, “Resubmission needed” or “Declined”.
(2) In some cases, we may also further check whether we have previously verified an End-User on behalf of the same or a different Customer by comparing the session with the previous session. This helps our Customers not only to verify identities but further protects them and their End-Users by helping them understand when an End-User may be generating multiple identities, tampering documents or manipulating device or network information. To do all of this, we closely examine the information provided by the End-User, including machine-readable data, metadata and device and network information.
(3) We mainly process End-User Personal Data as a Data Processor for the benefit of the Customer in order to fulfill the Agreement entered into with the Customer for (i) performance of the Agreement (including for the provision of the Service, and performance of any obligations or realization of any rights arising from the Agreement; (ii) the purpose of realization of rights and fulfillment of obligations deriving from legal acts; and (iii) processing your inquiries and requests.
(4) The legal basis for the processing depends on the Customer as the use cases and related legal requirements vary from Customer to Customer. The legal basis is selected and ensured by the Customer. In some cases we or our Customer may ask you to grant us
consent for processing
. Veriff may, as determined and as appropriate, choose to collect the consent itself, however, the relationship between the End-User and the Customer remains unaffected for such collection of consent by Veriff. Please note that we cannot provide the Service in respect of an anonymous End-User, and therefore the use of our Service is subject to the disclosure of Personal Data to us and allowing the processing of Personal Data by the Customer and us. However, giving consent is voluntary, but failure to do so may mean that we may not be able to provide the Service. For example, we will not be able to verify your identity. If you have granted the Customer and/or us a consent to process Personal Data, the details of such processes and purposes thereof will be outlined in the consent itself.
(5) To the extent permitted by law and the Agreement, Veriff may also use Personal Data for other reasonably necessary operational purposes as part of provision of the Service, or rely on its legitimate interest for such processing as described in the next section.
5.2 We also may process Personal Data of Data Subjects, including End-Users, as a Controller if processing is necessary in our legitimate interests in compliance with applicable data protection laws
, meaning our interest in the management and direction of our business in order to be able to offer the best possible services on the market. Pursuant to our “Fundamental Six” principles for data processing, we only process Personal Data on this legal basis (legitimate interest) after careful assessment in order to ascertain that the legitimate interest is in compliance with the interests and rights of a Data Subject (after carrying out the so-called three-step test) and to the extent it is permitted by law and the Agreement, as applicable. For our legitimate interest, we may process data for the following purposes:
(1) for analyzing the use of our Service, and using research and analysis results, among other methods, for carrying out satisfaction surveys, feedback questionnaires and developing our products and services, including development of autonomous and automated decision-making processes;
(2) for sending out newsletters, for marketing and developing and promoting our Services, for organization of campaigns, including personalized and targeted campaigns, and measuring the effectiveness of the performed marketing activities, as noted above, we will only rely on our legitimate interest to the extent this is permitted by law and the Agreement. Please note that for sending out newsletters, we only process your contact details;
(3) for ensuring a trust-based relationship with Customers and End-Users, this includes for example, identity verification of Customer Representative, determining the ultimate beneficiaries and PEP status, as well as other activities necessary to prevent fraud, including checks in public sanction lists or our own Service history;
(4) for administration and analysis of the Customer base to improve the availability, selection and quality of Services and products, and to make our Services more personalized and the best possible;
(5) for building and managing our Customer relationships;
(6) for analysis of identifiers and Personal Data collected upon the visit of websites, mobile applications and other Services. We may use the collected data for web analysis or for the analysis of mobile and information society services, for ensuring and improving functioning, for statistical purposes and for analyzing Visitor and Customer Representative behavior, and for improving the experience of Visitors and Customer Representatives and for providing better and more personalized Services;
(7) for monitoring the Services. We may record the messages and instructions given on our premises or by means of communication (e-mail, telephone, etc.), as well as information and other operations carried out by us, and shall use those recordings as needed to evidence instructions or other operations;
(8) for network, information and cyber security considerations, for example, for fighting against piracy and for ensuring the security of the Websites and Service, as well as for the measures taken for making and storing backup copies;
(9) for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims; and ensuring compliance with applicable regulations, including retaining proof of evidence of such for compliance with our legal obligations;
(10) for conducting product and market research for purposes of quality assurance, product improvements, developments and assessing market fit, this includes contacting and communication, interviews, making conclusions, recording of such communications for a limited period of time, etc. with End-Users, Customer Representatives and other relevant data subjects. This includes creating anonymized data or anonymized or aggregated overviews and summaries of the aforementioned. Please note that Veriff processes, maintains, and uses aggregated or de-identified information only in a de-identified fashion and will not attempt to re-identify such information, except as permitted by law;
(11) for satisfying our legal obligations with respect to the processing and retention of Personal Data, including for obtaining the relevant legal basis for processing certain Personal Data concerning certain End-Users. Obtaining and maintaining records that such legal basis has been obtained by us is important for us to be able to prove that we comply and adhere to our legal obligations outside of and in the European Union;
(12) for fraud prevention and detection purposes, to identify signs of fraud based on our internal fraud framework and advanced fraud prevention and detection techniques and to conduct certain checks against third party sites, e.g., checks against authority databases;
(13) for developing, testing, improving and altering the functionality of the Service, including for machine learning (as specified in section 6 below), data annotation, testing and training, and producing anonymized or anonymized and aggregated statistical reports and research. This may include anonymizing Personal Data;
(14) for reasons of substantial public interest on the basis of law, including but not limited to activities relating to fraud prevention and non-discrimination (e.g., bias mitigation).
5.3 We may ask you to give us your consent for processing.
Veriff can process your Personal Data if you have given consent to the processing of your Personal Data for one or more specific purposes. Please note that giving consent is voluntary and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. For example, you can ask us to stop using your personal data for direct marketing purposes by using the unsubscribe function at the end of the marketing email. However, we remind you that the withdrawal of consent does not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. These are some of the cases where Veriff processes your data based on your consent.
(1) Your consent is the legal basis for processing Personal Data when you share your
findings related to responsible disclosure
. Publishing your name and/or picture on our website is only done under your written consent (
read more
about our bug bounty program and responsible disclosures
)
.
(2) Based on your consent, we may use your Personal Data to send you
marketing
information about our Service which you have requested from us. Including, if you have submitted a request and/or filled out a relevant form on the Website.
(3) Veriff asks Customer Representative's consent before recording audio and video of the
Customer Representative call
. The recording is used solely for Veriff's analytical purposes and improvement of Veriff's Services and processes. However, please note that the processing may not be based on your consent and the withdrawal of your consent may not be applicable in case of recording different communications (including video) for product and market research (see as described in p 5.2(10)).
(4) Veriff asks for Customer Representative’s consent to process some data for Customer Representative’s identity verification, such as the data described in Section 4.1(7) of this Privacy Notice. In case you as the Customer Representative want to withdraw your consent or need assistance with alternative identity verification options, please submit your request to support@veriff.com.
(5) Veriff asks for your consent before you use Veriff’s
demo app or test Veriff's session flow on our website
. This is for the purpose of testing Veriff’s verification flow. More information about Veriff’s Demo app can be found in section 14.
(6) We may use your consent as the basis for the processing of personal data also in other cases. The purpose is then specified at the time of the collection of the consent.
5.4 Processing related to Office Visitors.
When you visit the office premises and workplaces, we process your Personal Data if processing is necessary in our legitimate interests. For example, our legitimate interest in detecting and preventing harmful or unlawful actions, ensuring safety of Veriff’s property, confidential information and employees and establishing, exercising or defending of legal claims we may process Personal Data for the following purposes:
(1) registering your visit to the office;
(2) conducting regular video surveillance in the marked areas;
(3) monitoring the use of Veriff's office WiFi network and logging the traffic in the network. Such data is processed if you connect any of your devices to Veriff's office WiFi network during your visit;
(4) ensuring the health and safety during emergency situations such as in case of widespread infectious diseases subject to applicable laws
. During the spread of infectious diseases (e.g., COVID-19), for the purpose of ensuring adequate protection of the health and safety of Veriff’s employees in the workplace, you may be required to provide proof of vaccination, valid negative test result, recovery certificate or other relevant data. In case you have no proof to provide, or you present medical contraindication to vaccination as proof, you will be offered on-site rapid testing, if available. Health related data contained in the presented information may be sensitive Personal Data. Before presenting any such Personal Data you are asked to provide us with explicit consent to visually assess your admissibility to the office premises and workplaces. In any case, no information presented to Veriff is retained, meaning that no Personal Data will be accessible to Veriff after the moment you present the information. Please note that giving consent is voluntary and you have the opportunity to withdraw your consent at any time, however if you refuse to provide the proof, conduct the rapid testing or if the rapid test result is positive, you must leave the office immediately.
5.5 Processing for a new purpose.
When Personal Data processing is carried out for a new purpose different from those for which the Personal Data was originally collected or is not based on the consent given by the Data Subject, we shall carefully assess the permissibility of such new processing under applicable laws. In order to determine whether the processing for the new purpose follows the purpose for which the Personal Data was originally collected, Veriff shall take into consideration, inter alia, the following:
(1) any link between the old and new purposes for which the Personal Data was collected and the intended further purposes of processing;
(2) the context of collecting the Personal Data, in particular regarding the relationship between the Data Subject and us;
(3) the nature of the Personal Data, in particular whether sensitive Personal Data are processed;
(4) possible consequences of the intended further processing for the Data Subjects;
(5) existence of appropriate protection measures which may consist in, for example, encryption, pseudonymization and anonymization.
6. Technological aspects of our Service provision and development
To verify your identity in a secure and less error-prone way, we use automatic algorithms and machine learning for our Service. Read about it in this section.
6.1 Machine learning means the use and development of computer systems
that are able to learn and adapt without following explicit instructions, by using algorithms and statistical models to analyze and draw inferences from patterns in data. Using machine learning helps us to recognize specific patterns in information and make predictions about new sets of information based on those patterns. The main aim of teaching our models is to have more precise (i.e. accurate, less error-prone) and safe models that also avoid bias. All models are constantly reviewed by the model itself and by humans, and adjustments for more precise and error-free results are made, as necessary. As a result of such machine learning processes Veriff's Service improves.
6.2
It is important that algorithms are built, trained and tested on training sets, which consist of real data (see description of data categories above in Section 4.1) or anonymized data. All machine learning models are highly dependent on the quality of input data. Such processing is only done for internal use to improve and develop our Services and done only based on the contractual mandate received from our Customers under the precondition that a valid legal basis has been obtained.
6.3
Veriff stands for the concept that machine learning is conducted in an ethical and trustworthy way that respects human rights and freedoms. Machine learning as a tool will enable End-Users to receive better, more secure and faster services provided by Veriff's Customers and help to prevent and detect fraud. Datasets used to develop, test and train are kept in separate, monitored and highly secure data research environments.
6.4 Veriff uses a verification engine trained with machine learning to provide Services to our Customers
. The verification process is either automated, semi-automated or done by a human:
(1)
Semi-automated verification process
. This means that a human will be involved if the automated verification algorithm (the Verification Engine) is not able to reach a decision on its own. Simply put the verification engine checks the input data against the predetermined decision profile and based on that reaches a decision. The Verification Engine is constantly learning to correctly classify and match information, detect identity fraud or theft, and to verify identity, however the assistance of a human could be needed if the picture is blurry, confidence of the quality of extracted information is low or the Verification Engine runs into some other difficulty in analyzing the verification session.
(2)
Fully automated verification process.
This means that the Verification Engine verifies your identity without human involvement. When performing a fully automated verification process, our Customer informs you of the automated processing and may ask your explicit consent to do this. However, in some cases, where the Customer has other legal grounds for such processing e.g. obligations under applicable law – consent may not be needed. You have the right to ask for information and an explanation regarding the logic behind the decision the Verification Engine has made; at any time, you will have the right to request human intervention or object to the decision made on grounds relating to your particular situation.
(3) We may have different solutions for processing with different Customers, e.g. in some cases the verification session will
only be analyzed by a human
.
6.5
We would like to point out that the decision on whether the Customer provides its service to the End-User is made by the Customer. Meaning, even if the verification flow has been fully automated, the verification result will be taken into account by the Customer for the decision on whether to provide its service or not. The verification results itself - “Approved”, “Resubmission needed” or “Declined” - are not determinative for whether the Customer’s service is provided to the End-User.
6.6 Machine learning is also the driving engine for Veriff's innovation
when improving our Services, testing new features and ensuring quality Services. For further improvement of our Services, Service performance and features testing (A/B tests) is used to analyze the End-User experience and response regarding changes to the structure, text or any other feature of Veriff's Service.
6.7
Fraud prevention and detection is a vital part of Veriff’s Service. Detection of activities matching a certain pattern may lead to profile generation, in particular for fraud prevention and detection purposes. In compliance with the instructions received from the Customer, Veriff may analyze and compare the data points available in relation to the End-User as part of the Service. For example, Veriff may compare if session media matches each other and if technical data indicates associations with previously occurred suspicious sessions. Such processing activity may be deemed as generating a profile of the End-User. Results of such analysis are displayed to the Customer.
7. Data Subject’s rights in relation to Personal Data
Read about your data protection rights.
7.1
Depending on where you reside, you may have the right to (1) request to know more about and access your personal information, (2) request deletion of your personal information, (3) request correction of inaccurate personal information; (4) object to certain processing, (5) withdraw your consent where we process your information on that basis, and (6) request we restrict certain processing. More detailed information about each right is provided below.
7.2
If you wish to exercise any of
your rights regarding Personal Data
or ask questions about the Privacy Notice, please submit a corresponding request to us at
privacy@veriff.com
or via
this form
. We will respond to your request by email as a rule no later than within one month or sooner if required by applicable law.
7.3
Please note that before we can provide you with the requested information regarding your Personal Data, we may need to verify your identity such as by asking you to provide information related to your recent interactions with us, your relationship to us, your session information, or account registration information. Please also note that if your request concerns data we have processed as a Data Processor (i.e. in the course of Service provision), you must submit your request to the Customer who is the Data Controller. The Data Controller can fulfill your request, as relevant. We will inform you if this is the case.
7.4
Depending on where you reside, you as a Data Subject may have the following rights in relation to your Personal Data:
(1)
The right to know:
The right to get confirmation whether we are processing Personal Data about you and to obtain certain personalized details about the Personal Data we have collected about you, including:
the categories of Personal Data collected;
the categories of sources of the Personal Data;
the purposes for which the Personal Data were collected;
the categories of Personal Data disclosed to third parties (if any), and the categories of recipients to whom the Personal Data were disclosed;
information about automated decision-making (if any);
the categories of Personal Data shared for cross-context behavioral advertising purposes (if any), and the categories of recipients to whom the Personal Data were disclosed for those purposes; and
the categories of Personal Data sold (if any), and the categories of third parties to whom the Personal Data were sold. Please note that as stated in section 7.4(10) below, we generally do not sell your data that we collect in the course of providing identity verification services nor share it for cross-context behavioral advertising purposes.
(2)
The right to access & portability:
The right to obtain access to the Personal Data we have collected about you and the right to obtain a copy of the Personal Data in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format that allows you to transmit the data to another entity without hindrance.
(3)
The right to correction:
The right to correct inaccuracies in your personal data, taking into account the nature of the personal data and the purposes of the processing of the personal data.
(4)
The right to deletion:
The right to have us delete the personal data we maintain about you.
(5)
The right to non-discrimination:
The right to not receive retaliatory or discriminatory treatment in connection with a request to exercise the above rights. However, please note that if you exercise these rights it limits our ability to process Personal Data, we may no longer be able to engage with you in the same manner.
(6)
The right to withdraw the consent:
The right to take back the consent you have given to us for the processing of Personal Data. Please note that withdrawal of your consent shall not affect the legality of the processing that was made on the basis of consent before the withdrawal.
(7)
The right to object:
The Right to file an objection if your Personal Data processing takes place on the basis of our legitimate interest or public interest.
(8)
The right to restriction of processing:
The right which in certain cases allows you to direct us to limit the processing of your Personal Data for a certain period of time (e.g., if you have filed an objection to Personal Data processing).
(9)
The right to submit a complaint and make appeals:
If you find that applicable data protection laws have not been complied with, we would appreciate it if you contact us at
privacy@veriff.com
(including for any appeals of our decisions). However, you also have the right to complain directly to a data protection authority about our collection, use or other processing of your Personal Data.
For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the EEA or in the United Kingdom. The Estonian Data Protection Inspectorate is the lead data protection supervisory authority for Veriff (registered office at 39 Tatari St., 10134 Tallinn, phone nr + 372 627 4135, e-mail
info@aki.ee
).
If you are in the United States and have concerns about the results of an appeal, you may contact the attorney general in the state where you reside.
If the processing of your Personal Data is subject to the Brazilian General Data Protection Law (Law No. 13,709/2018, as amended), you can contact our DPO MKR Consultoria Ltda at
dpo@veriff.com
, and you also have the right to file a petition directly to the Brazilian Data Protection Authority (ANPD).
(10)
Opting out of targeted advertising, sharing, and sales.
Our “sale,” “sharing” and “targeted advertising” activities do not apply to personal information that we collect in the course of providing identity verification services to our Customers. In the US, some of the activities described in sections 4.9 and 4.10 above may be considered “sales” or “sharing” of your personal data or use of your data for “targeted advertising” under the law that applies to you. Depending on where you reside, you may opt out of cookie-based ad targeting on our website by clicking the “Opt-out” button from within our
“Your Privacy Choices” page
. Your opt-out choice will be linked to your browser only; therefore, you will need to renew your opt-out choice if you use a new browser or device to access our Websites or Services, or if you clear your cookies. You may also have the right to opt out of disclosures of your email address and other identifiers for the purpose of showing ads that promote Veriff across the web and in mobile apps by filling out the form included within our
“Your Privacy Choices” page
. You can also opt out by visiting our Services with a legally-recognized universal choice signal enabled (such as the Global Privacy Control). If you are not logged into your account with us, our processing of the signal will be limited to cookie-based sales, sharing, and targeted advertising for the specific browser or device that you are using.  For Visitors and Customer Representatives outside the U.S., read our
Cookie Notice
for more details regarding your controls with respect to Cookies.
(11)
Authorized agents.
You may have a right to submit a rights request via an authorized agent. If you are submitting a rights request as an authorized agent, you may be required to submit proof of your authorization to make the request, such as a valid power of attorney or proof that you have signed permission from the individual who is the subject of the request. Please do not provide any sensitive personal information in connection with this request, such as a driver's license or other government-issued ID. In some cases, we may be required to contact the individual who is the subject of the request to verify his or her own identity or confirm you have permission to submit this request. If you are an authorized agent seeking to make a request, please contact us at
privacy@veriff.com
. Any questions or requests regarding Veriff’s processing of End-User Personal Data for the provision of Services to Veriff’s Customer should be directed to that Customer who is acting as the Data Controller for Personal Data about End-Users.
8. Disclosure and transfer of Personal Data
In this section you will find information about possible disclosure and transfer of your Personal Data.
8.1
Disclosure of Personal Data to authorities
. Please note that due to legal requirements, we may be obliged to disclose or grant access to your Personal Data to the authorities and the supervisory authority (e.g. a court or a government agency).
8.2
Disclosure to Data Controllers, Data Processors and authorized recipients
. Unless stated otherwise in this Privacy Notice or noted otherwise to you separately, we may disclose your Personal Data to Data Controllers for whom we are Data Processors (e.g. Customers), to our authorized Data Processors (sub-processors) and authorized third party sites (e.g. external registries), as well as to persons who are legally entitled to receive your Personal Data (e.g., government or law enforcement request). For the Service provision, the authorized Data Processors (sub-processors) with primary locations are listed
here
and authorized third party sites are listed
here
. For example, a End-User’s Personal Data, including biometric data, can be processed by authorized sub-processors that provide identity verification core services to Veriff; Customer Representative’s Personal Data can be shared with our advertising and marketing partners, companies carrying out satisfaction surveys, debt collection agencies, credit registers, authorities and organizations intermediating or providing (electronic) mail, compliance or payment services and the like, Office Visitors Personal Data can be shared with IT and security partners, provided that:
(1) the respective purpose and the processing are lawful;
(2) we have diligently assessed that the authorized Data Processors or sub-processor will comply with the data protection requirements;
(3) the Personal Data processing is carried out in accordance with our guidelines and on the basis of a valid agreement.
(4) If you have questions about our authorized Data Processors or sub-processors, please contact us at
privacy@veriff.com
.
8.3 Please note that End-User’s Personal Data can only be shared with Veriff's sub-processors as well as to persons who are legally entitled to receive your Personal Data, if there is a valid legal basis.
8.4
Transfer of Personal Data
. In the event that we need to carry out an international data transfer, as defined by the applicable data protection laws (e.g. for utilizing the sub-processors’ services and technical infrastructure), the transfer shall be in accordance with the requirements, principles and safeguards as stated in the applicable data protection laws, such as relying on adequacy decisions issued by or standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission (or other relevant authority), or the compliance with applicable data transfer accountability requirements. While such Personal Data is outside of your country or province of residence, it may be subject to the laws of the country, province or state in which it is held, and may be subject to disclosure to the governments, courts or law enforcement or regulatory agencies of such other country, province or state pursuant to the laws of such territory. In cases where Veriff acts as the Data Controller, we make available further information on the safeguards applied (if relevant) or the extent of the transfer of Personal Data upon your request.
9. Security of Personal Data
Security is of utmost importance to us. We do our best to protect Personal Data in our hands.
9.1
We apply various
commercially reasonable measures (physical, technical, organizational)
to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized or arbitrary modifications, disclosure, acquisition, destruction, loss, theft, misuse, alteration or unauthorized access.
9.2
However, please note that electronic transmission or storage of information is not always 100% secure. Therefore, despite the security measures that we have put in place to protect Personal Data about you, we cannot guarantee that loss, misuse, or alteration of data will never occur. If you have any information about an actual or suspected data breach, please inform us immediately at
privacy@veriff.com
. We will deal with the issue immediately and inform our lead data protection supervisory authority (if applicable).
10. Retention of Personal Data
Here you can find our data retention principles that is the length of the period for which we keep Personal Data.
10.1
To determine the appropriate
retention period
, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the Personal Data and the purposes for which we process it. We must also consider periods for which we may need to retain Personal Data in order to meet our legal obligations or to deal with complaints or queries and to protect our legal rights in the event of claims being made.
10.2
We shall store your Personal Data for as long as necessary to carry out the purposes for which we originally collected it and for other business purposes explained in this Privacy Notice or as long as required by law or in accordance with the law, or for the purposes stated in this Privacy Notice. For example, there is often a statutory retention period for accounting documentation.
10.3
For the Service provision, we store the data of End-Users during the period set forth in the Agreement (we may have different data retention periods agreed upon with the Customer) or as long as it is necessary for possible establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims of End-Users, Customers or ourselves, or for anti-fraud purposes. For more information about the data retention period for the Service, you should read the privacy notice provided to you by the Customer.
10.4
For the purposes listed in section 5.2, we may store your Personal Data for a different period than agreed with Customers in the Agreement if we have a lawful basis to do so, e.g. you have given us consent to use your Personal Data  or we have assessed that we have legal basis to do so for the development of our Services or the data is anonymized.
10.5
Information about the data retention in Veriff’s Demo app and testing Veriff’s session flow can be found in section 14.
10.6
After the expiration of the Personal Data storage period, we shall anonymize or permanently erase your Personal Data. Please note that Veriff processes, maintains, and uses aggregated or de-identified information only in a de-identified fashion and will not attempt to re-identify such information, except as permitted by law.
11. Children’s Personal Data
Here you can find information on how we deal with children’s Personal Data.
We may process the Personal Data of children (i.e., persons under 16* years of age; *depending on jurisdiction) or adolescents (i.e., persons under 18* years of age; *or other valid online consenting age) in case the Data Controller has such End Users. In this case, the Data Controller is responsible for taking the steps to ensure that there is a legal basis and any required notice and consent requirements for such processing (e.g., a consent from a guardian of that child) have been met. If we learn that we have collected the Personal Data of a child without the guardian’s consent, we will take steps to delete the information as soon as possible.
12. Jurisdiction specific notices
You may have different rights depending on where you reside. For example, some U.S. states have enacted privacy laws that grant their residents certain rights and require specific disclosures (“State Privacy Laws”). Furthermore, you will find additional disclosures in this section if you are from Brazil. If you are done reading this section or you are not from any of the addressed jurisdictions, please click
here
or scroll up to start reading from the beginning of this Privacy Notice.
Information contained in section 12 applies as a supplement to the other information contained in this Privacy Notice. Should there be any inconsistency or ambiguity between this section and any other part of this Privacy Notice, this section shall prevail.
12.1 Additional Information for Individuals Residing in Certain U.S. States
If you reside in California, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Iowa, Montana, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Oregon, Texas, Utah or Virginia, this section applies to you. This section also serves as our California notice at collection.
Additional Disclosures
Our Privacy Notice explains how we collect (see
section 4
), use (see
section 5
), and disclose (see
section 8
) information about you, as well as our targeted advertising and analytics practices (see
sections 4
(9) and (10)). As required by certain State Privacy Laws, we use the provisions  below to explain this same information.
(1) We collect the following categories of Personal Information: identifiers, biometric information, demographic information, commercial information, internet or other electronic activity information, geolocation data, audio, electronic, or similar information, professional or employment-related information, inferences, and sensitive personal information.
(2) We collect Personal Information for the business and commercial purposes described in
section 5
. We disclose Personal Information for the business and commercial purposes described in
section 8
.
We disclose the following categories of Personal Information for business purposes to the following categories of recipients:
The following categories of Personal Information: End-User related identifiers, demographic information, commercial information, internet or other electronic activity information, geolocation data, audio, electronic, or similar information, inferences, and sensitive Personal Data; each have been disclosed to the following categories of Recipients: Data Controllers for whom we are Data Processors (e.g. Customers), our authorized Data Processors (sub-processors), authorized third party sites (e.g. external registries), and, as relevant on a case by case basis, to supervisory authorities, courts and government agencies.
The following categories of Personal Information: Customer Representative related identifiers, commercial information, internet or other electronic activity information, audio, electronic, or similar information; each have been disclosed to the following categories of Recipients: our authorized Data Processors (sub-processors), authorities and organizations intermediating or providing (electronic) mail, compliance or payment services, and, as relevant on a case by case basis, to supervisory authorities, courts and government agencies, debt collection agencies and credit registers.
The following categories of Personal Information: Customer Representative related identifiers, commercial information, electronic, or similar information; each have been disclosed to the following categories of Recipients: advertising and marketing partners, companies carrying out satisfaction surveys.
(3) As described in
section 4
above, we collect Personal Information from various sources, including directly from you, automatically when you go through the Service flow, and from third-party sources.
(4) We retain Personal Information as described in
section 10
above.
(5) We disclose certain categories of Personal Information to show you targeted ads on third-party properties, and to understand and improve your experience with our Services. These disclosures may be considered “sales”, “sharing” or use of your information for “targeted advertising” under State Privacy Laws. We have disclosed the following categories of Personal Information to the following categories of third parties for such purposes:
Identifiers may have been disclosed to advertising networks, internet service providers, data analytics providers, operating systems and platforms, and social networks.
Internet or other electronic network activity information may have been disclosed to advertising networks, internet service providers, data analytics providers, operating systems and platforms, and social networks.
(6) Our “sale,” “sharing” and “targeted advertising” activities do not apply to Personal Information that we collect in the course of providing identity verification services to our Customers. Rather, these activities relate to (1) individual Visitors browsing our website and (2) the business contact information of our Customer Representatives for purposes such as serving advertisements to those audiences on non-Veriff properties. Moreover, Veriff does not knowingly sell or share personal information about consumers under the age of 16, or higher age where required by law.
(7) We do not process sensitive Personal Information outside of our role as a Data Processor (i.e., for Service provision and permitted internal Service improvement purposes). For information about how Customers may process such information and any related rights you may have, please contact the relevant Customer directly.
(8)
Your Privacy Rights Under State Privacy Laws
The bullets below describe the rights available to you under State Privacy Laws. For additional information, such as how we verify requests, please see
section 7
above.
You have the right to opt out of activities that we engage in that constitute “targeted advertising,” “sharing,” or “sales”  at any time by following the instructions on the
“Your Privacy Choices” page
.
You have the right to (1) request to know more about and access your personal information, including in a portable format, (2) request deletion of your personal information, and (3) request correction of inaccurate personal information.  To do so, please contact our data protection officer (DPO) via email at
privacy@veriff.com
or by submitting
this form
.
Authorized Agents.
You have a right to submit a rights request via an authorized agent, you can read more about it in
section 7.4.(11)
above.
You have the right not to be discriminated against for exercising any of your privacy rights.
If we deny your request, you may appeal our decision by contacting us at
privacy@veriff.com
. If you have concerns about the result of an appeal, you may contact the attorney general in the state where you reside.
Notice of Financial Incentives.
We may from time to time also offer various financial incentives. For example, we may provide coupons, or other benefits to Customers who participate in feedback or research surveys. If you choose to participate in a financial incentive, we collect personal information from you, such as identifiers (like your email address or phone number), professional or employment-related information, inferences drawn about your preferences, and other categories of personal data that relate to or are reasonably capable of being associated with you. More detailed information will be provided at the time of collection. You can opt into a financial incentive by following the sign-up or participation instructions provided, and, for any ongoing benefits, you can opt-out at any time, such as by following the unsubscribe instructions in the applicable program’s terms and conditions, promotional emails, or text messages, or contacting us at
privacy@veriff.com
. If you request that we delete Personal Information that is essential to providing you with the financial incentive, we will not be able to provide you with such benefits going forward. In some cases, we may provide additional terms and conditions for a financial incentive, which we will provide to you when you sign up. The value of your personal information is reasonably related to the value of the offer or discount presented to you.
12.2 Notice to Individuals Who are Residents of the State of Illinois and the State of Texas
(1) The Illinois Biometric Information Privacy Act, 740 ILCS 14/1 et seq., and the Business and Commerce Code of Texas on the Capture or Use of Biometric Identifiers, Tex.Bus.& Comm.Code § 503.001, regulates the collection, storage, use, and retention of “biometric identifiers'' and “biometric information”. “Biometric identifier” means a retina or iris scan, fingerprint, voiceprint, or scan of hand or face geometry. Biometric identifiers do not include writing samples, written signatures, photographs, human biological samples used for valid scientific testing or screening, demographic data, tattoo descriptions, or physical descriptions such as height, weight, hair color, or eye color. “Biometric information” means any information, regardless of how it is captured, converted, stored, or shared, based on an individual’s biometric identifier used to identify an individual.
(2) Veriff collects certain biometric identifiers and biometric information, namely face scan information (face geometry information and information based on that), during the identity verification process. Veriff collects and uses this information to verify your identity, prevent fraud, and provide authentication Services to our Customers on an ongoing basis.
(3) For Illinois residents, we will permanently destroy their biometric identifiers and biometric information when the initial purpose for collecting or obtaining such identifiers or information has been satisfied or within 3 years of the individual’s last interaction with Veriff’s Customers, whichever occurs first.
(4) For Texas residents, we will permanently destroy their biometric identifiers the later of (1) one year after the purpose for collecting the identifier expires, or (2) one year after any recordkeeping obligations imposed by law in connection with the collection of the biometric identifier expires.
(5) Except where prohibited by law, your biometric data and other information is accessible only to us and our service providers, which process your data only on our behalf to provide the Services. We do not share biometric data with any other third parties. Except where prohibited by law, Veriff may use your information, except for the biometric identifiers and other information of Illinois and Texas residents, for Service development (as described in sections 5.2 and 6).  The Customer on whose behalf Veriff processes your data may receive from us information about you, such as copies of the identification document and photo you provided us, and data indicating whether we were able to identify and authenticate your identity, but we do not disclose to Customers your biometric data.
(6) By clicking the relevant icons presented prior to the verification or authentication process, and choosing to continue, you acknowledge and agree that you have read the relevant disclosures, and that you voluntarily consent to Veriff’s collection, storage, retention, use, and disclosure of your data, including biometric data.
(7) Veriff uses the reasonable standards of care within its industry to store, transmit, and protect from disclosure your biometric data, in a manner that is the same as or more protective than the manner in which it stores, transmits, and protects other confidential and/or sensitive information. Veriff does not sell, lease, trade or otherwise profit from the biometric data.
12.3 Notice to Individuals From Brazil Regarding Your Privacy Rights Under Brazilian Data Protection Laws
(1) Section 12.3 is applicable to the processing of Personal Information subject to the Brazilian General Data Protection Law (Law No. 13,709/2018, the “
LGPD
”, as amended) and the guidelines and regulations of the Brazilian National Data Protection Authority (the “
ANPD
”). That is, this section covers any (i) data processing that takes place in Brazil; (ii) processing activity intended to offer or supply goods or services or to process data of individuals located in Brazil; or (iii) personal data processed that was collected in Brazil (including data collected of data subjects that were in Brazil at the time of collection). Any terms defined in the LGPD have the same meaning when used in this section.
(2)
Your Rights.
The LGPD gives you specific rights to your Personal Information, as described in Article 18 et. seq. of the LGPD and below:
Right to confirmation and access:
right to obtain confirmation that your personal information is being processed, and the right to access such data.
Right to correction:
right to request correction of incomplete, inaccurate, or outdated personal information.
Right to anonymization and deletion:
right to request the transformation of personal information into anonymized data and to delete unnecessary or excessive personal information, or of personal information processed in noncompliance with the provisions of the LGPD.
Right to portability:
right to request that your personal information be transferred to another service or product supplier, according to Brazilian Data Protection Authority’s (“ANPD”) regulation, provided that the trade and industrial secrets are respected.
Right to obtain information
about the entities with whom the personal information is shared.
Right to withdrawal consent:
if the processing requires the granting of consent, you may withdraw such consent at any moment and, subsequently, request the deletion of such data.
Right to obtain information
about the possibility of not providing consent and the consequences of denial.
Right to deny:
right to deny data processing of personal information, in case the processing is not in compliance with the LGPD.
Right to review decisions taken solely by automated processing:
if decisions are taken based on automated processing (without human intervention) of personal information, and such processing could affect your interests, you may request a review of these decisions.
(3)
Contact details and information.
If you have any questions or comments about the processing of your Personal Information subject to the LGPD, including the ways in which We collect and use your Personal Information and your rights regarding such use, or have any comments, questions or concerns about this Privacy Notice, please do not hesitate to contact our Data Protection Officer MKR Consultoria Ltda at
dpo@veriff.com
.
13. Identity verification with the UKDIATF Certified Identity Verification Solution (Medium Level)
Read about how Veriff handles your personal data when you are directed by the Customer to use the Service to identify yourself using the UK Digital Identity and Attribute Trust Framework (UKDIATF) Certified Identity Verification Solution (Medium Level), for example for digital DBS, Right to Work or Right to Rent check as determined by the Customer.
This section applies to the Personal Data processing related to UKDIATF Certified Identity Verification Solution (Medium Level). No specifications in this section apply to UKDIATF Certified Identity Verification Solution (Low Level).
For the purposes of this section, the Service entails biometric personal identity verification as described in section 5.1 and additional activity history and identity fraud checks as described in section 13.5. Should there be any inconsistency or ambiguity between the terms of this section and any other part of this document, these terms shall prevail.
13.1
The Service is used by Veriff’s Customers to verify your identity, for example for conducting digital DBS, Right to Work or Right to Rent checks. This identity verification is conducted under the requirements foreseen in the Department for Culture, Media and Sport’s UK Digital Identity and Attributes Trust Framework (UKDIATF).
13.2
In the context of the Service, Veriff processes End-User Personal Data as directed by our Customers for the provision of the Service, whereas our Customers are the Data Controllers and Veriff is the Data Processor. Veriff is a Data Controller for compiling and retaining reports. Veriff is jointly a Data Controller with Cifas, a company registered in England and Wales under company number 02584687 and with registered office at 6th Floor Lynton House, 7-12 Tavistock Square, London WC1H 9LT (Cifas) for conducting identity fraud checks against and filing reports to the databases operated by Cifas.
13.3
Personal Data processing activities and legal basis. For offering the Service to the Customer, including for sharing your identity verification details with the Customer, Veriff relies on the legal basis ensured by the Customer, as is described in section 5.1. On the basis of Veriff’s legitimate interest in fraud (or otherwise unlawful and dishonest conduct) prevention, detection and investigation, Veriff conducts identity fraud checks against database operated by Cifas, and if Veriff suspects fraudulent activity, then Veriff may compile and retain reports and file these to Cifas. In the context of the Service, Veriff does not process your Personal Data for marketing purposes or in any other way not described in this Privacy Notice.
13.4
For the purposes of the Service, the Personal Data described in section 4.1 are being collected and processed. The Personal Data is retained as described in section 10.
13.5
Personal Data disclosures and reporting. Possible Personal Data recipients are described in section 8.1-8.3. As a part of the Service, Veriff conducts activity history and identity fraud checks. To conduct the said checks, Veriff discloses a limited set of Personal Data to (i) electoral roll and credit reference sub-processor (for M1B profile); (ii) politically exposed persons check sub-processor ComplyAdvantage (for M1B profile), and (iii) Cifas as a fraud prevention agency (for M1A and M1B profiles).
13.6
If Veriff reasonably suspects that you are committing identity fraud (or otherwise unlawful and dishonest conduct) when using the Service and as a result of the investigation Veriff determines that the fraud meets the criteria for reporting to Cifas, Veriff will submit a report to Cifas.
13.7
The Personal Data we have collected from you will be shared with fraud prevention agencies, who will use it to prevent fraud and money laundering and to verify your identity. If fraud is detected, you could be refused with certain services, finance or employment. Further details of how your Personal Data will be used by us and fraud prevention agencies, and your data protection rights, can be found by https://www.cifas.org.uk/fpn.
13.8
Your rights in relation to Personal Data. Your Personal Data is protected by legal rights, which include your right to access your Personal Data, right to object to our processing of your Personal Data and to automated decisions made about you (see also section 6.4(ii)); request that your Personal Data is erased or corrected; right to complain to your local data protection authority. Please see further information about exercising your rights in section 7.
14. Veriff's Demo app and testing Veriff's session flow
Read about testing Veriff’s session flow.
14.1
Veriff’s Demo app and website session flow allows to test and experience Veriff’s verification flow as an end user. The flow provides the experience End-Users will get when Veriff’s Customer is integrated with Veriff.
14.2
When you test the verification flow in the Demo app or on our Website, Veriff will process your data as mentioned in section 4.12. The Personal Data processed for the purpose of introducing our verification flow demo will be retained for up to 1 day.
15. Contact details and information
Here you find our contact details.
Please review this Privacy Notice carefully and contact our Data Protection Officer (DPO) at
privacy@veriff.com
if you have any comments, questions or concerns. You can also contact us via an
online form
.
16. Availability of and changes to the Privacy Notice
Here you can find information about changes made to the Privacy Notice and how we inform you about the changes.
16.1
This Privacy Notice is available on our Website.
16.2
Kindly note that we may modify the Privacy Notice from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you of such as by revising the date of this Privacy Notice. If we make material changes, we will provide you with additional notice (such as by adding a statement to the Services or sending you a notification).
16.3
You are advised to review this Privacy Notice periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Notice are effective when they are posted on this page.
Valid from: July 30, 2020
Last update: March 11, 2025
Products
Identity and Document Verification
Proof of Address
Database Verification Checks
Age Validation
KYC Onboarding
Biometric Authentication
AML Screening
Age Estimation
Fraud Protect
Fraud Intelligence
Solutions
By Industry
Financial Services
Mobility
Crypto
Gaming
Education
Healthcare
HR Management
By Use Case
New account onboarding
Age verification
Driver validation
Customer identity and access management
Right to Work
Right to Rent
Resources
Blog
Case studies
Help center
Trust Center
Documentation
Service status
Supported documents
Supported languages
About
Our story
Careers
Press
Switch language
​
English
​
©2025 Veriff. All rights reserved
Privacy notice
Cookie notice
Bug bounty
Security and compliance
Recruitment privacy notice
Accessibility statement
Veriff.com uses cookies
We use cookies to provide necessary functionalities of this website. We may additionally use some cookies to analyze traffic, personalize content and/or serve targeted advertisements to you - all the usual reasons a website has cookies.
Please make a choice below and for more detailed information, see our
Cookie Notice
.
Accept all
Allow only necessary
Cookie settings
Sub-policy 1
https://customer.io/legal/privacy-policy/:
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Acceptable Use Policy
Security
GDPR Compliance
Standard Contractural Clauses
List of Subprocessors
Data Processing Addendum
U.S. State Data Privacy Laws
Cookie Declaration
Report a Vulnerability
Partner Program Agreement
Personal Rights Request Form
Usage Policy
Revised
December 2023
Effective
December 2023
This privacy policy describes the personal information that we, Peaberry Software Inc. d/b/a Customer.io (“Customer.io,” “we,” “our” or “us”), collect (1) from individuals when they visit our website (the “Site”), interact with our marketing communications, register to attend events that we host, interact with our social media profiles and otherwise engage with us, and (2) the information we collect on behalf of our customers who employ our technology to use our digital marketing services (the “Services”). Individuals should refer to our customers’ privacy policies for information about how our customers collect, use and share information. In this privacy policy, we describe where we collect information on our own behalf, for our business purposes, and where we collect information on our customers’ behalf as a service provider or data processor.
With respect to our customers, this privacy policy is provided for informational purposes only. We enter into data processing agreements with our customers and those data processing agreements control with respect to our obligations to our customers. Please refer to our
Data Processing Addendum
page for more information on data processing agreements.
This privacy policy does not apply to our employees or to job applicants. We do not knowingly collect information from children. If we discover that we have inadvertently collected information from anyone younger than the age of 16, we will delete that information.
This policy includes the following sections:
Personal Information We Collect, Purpose for Processing & Categories of Third Parties Personal Information is Shared with
How We Collect Personal Information
How We Use Personal Information
How We Share Personal Information
European Privacy Rights
U.S. Data Privacy Rights
How We Protect Personal Information
How Long We Retain Personal Information
Your Choices
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Personal Information We Collect, Purpose for Processing & Categories of Third Parties Personal Information is Shared with
Categories of Personal Information
Example
Purpose for Processing
Categories of Third Parties Shared With
Identifiers
Name, email address, unique identifier, online identifier, transaction identifiers, device ID, advertising ID, and IP address
Services
With respect to the Services, to send messages, measure and track activity on behalf of our customers, segment recipients, and monitor the Services
Customer.io
To provide, support and improve our Services
To monitor our Services
For our own internal research and development purposes
To manage support inquiries
To provide you with information you request
To communicate with you about our products and services
For our own billing and other business and administrative purposes
Service Providers
Customers
Third Party Messaging Applications
Third Party Business Applications
Third Party Marketing Applications
Select information in customer records
Name, email, address, and telephone number, products or services purchased, appointments made
Payment processor information is collected about the transactions you make (such as transaction date, payment information, credit card or debit card number and zip code)
Services
Our customers may share their customer records with us in order to use the Services
Customer.io
To provide, support and improve our services
To communicate with you about our products and services
For our own billing and other business and administrative purposes
Service Providers
Third Party Messaging Applications
Third Party Business Applications
Geolocation
Course IP address (not precise geolocation)
To provide our Site and Services, including to perform analytical analysis of our Site, marketing messages, and Services
Customers
Service Providers
Third Party Messaging Applications
Third Party Marketing Applications
Internet or network activity
Browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with website, application, or advertisement
Services
We use cookies and other tracking technology to track recipient interaction with the messages our customers send
Customer.io
To provide, support and improve our Site, marketing communications, and Services
For security purposes
Perform data analytics to for product research and development related to the Site and Services
To provide you with relevant content and to remember your preferences
To market and advertise our Services
Customers
Service Providers
Third Party Messaging Applications
Third Party Business Applications
Third Party Marketing Applications
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information
Such as call recordings
Customer.io
To provide, support and improve our Services
For customer support, sales training and our own business and administrative purposes
Service Providers
Education information
Such as information that is not publicly available as defined in the California Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act
We only collect this information from employees and job applicants, in accordance with applicable law
.
Professional or employment related information
Such as place of employment, position, job history, salary, resume, and other related data
We only collect this information from employees and job applicants, in accordance with applicable law
.
Characteristics of protected classifications under California or Federal law
Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law refer to consumers’ race, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, mental and physical disability, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, medical condition, genetic information, marital status, and military status
We only collect this information from employees and job applicants, in accordance with applicable law
.
Inferences from information that could be used to create a profile
Inferences drawn about you based on other personal information we collect, such as preferences, interests, user behavior data
Services
We do not create inferences, but our customers may use the Services to create inferences based on information they receive from us and collect from other sources. We may send this to third party integrations that our customers use
Customer.io
For customer support, sales training and our own business and administrative purposes
Customers
Service Providers
Third Party Messaging Applications
Third Party Business Applications
Third Party Marketing Applications
Sensitive Personal Information
Social security number, financial account information, your precise geolocation data, your genetic data, political beliefs, racial origin, religious beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, trade union membership, etc.
Services
While we discourage our customers from processing sensitive information, our customers may upload sensitive information to the Services
Customer.io
We do not collect sensitive information
Service Providers
Third Party Messaging Applications
How We Collect Personal Information
We collect information in the following ways:
When you provide it to us,
including when you complete forms, request information from us, or respond to our emails or otherwise communicate with us.
Directly from our customers,
including contact information, demographic information, device information, and any other information that our customers provide us in connection with their use of the Services.
From service providers,
including information about our customers and their employees, or about how our customers use our Services, the messages our customers send and how recipients interact with those messages.
From third party business partners,
including information about our customers and their employees, about how our customers use our Services or the messages our customers send, how recipients interact with those messages, or our own sales and marketing providers. These third parties include services like Twilio, third party messaging platforms that receive communications, third party analytics providers (e.g., Google Analytics), or third party social media providers (e.g., LinkedIn) or third party sales and marketing providers.
Through automatic tracking technologies
, including IP address, device ID or similar types of identifying information that we collect via cookies or other automatic tracking technologies. We also collect activities (links clicked, length of session, time/date, type of device, course geolocation) that we associate with IP address, device ID or other unique identifiers. We collect this information when you visit our Site, use our Services, or engage with our marketing materials. We also use automatic tracking technologies in the Services and to collect information about the messages our customers send. These automatic tracking technologies collect information about our customers’ end users, including how they interact with our customers’ messages, and whether they open or click links in any communication.
Information We Collect Automatically
When you interact with the Site or Services, certain information about your use of our Site and Services is collected automatically. This information is collected automatically when you visit our Site and when you open communications from our customers. This includes:
Details of your visit and your activity and information generated in the course of your interaction including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data (course geolocation), weblogs and other communication data, the resources that you access, and referring and exiting website.
IP address and details regarding the device you use, including operating system, device ID, and browser type.
Information about how you interact with our ads and newsletters or our customers messages, including whether you open communications or click links.
We use the following types of cookies on the Site for the following purposes:
Analytics and Performance Cookies
: We use these cookies to collect information about traffic to our Site and how users use our Site. It includes the number of visitors, the websites that referred them to our Site, the pages that they visited on our Site, what time of day they visited, whether they have visited our Site before, and other similar information. We use this information to help operate our Site more efficiently, to gather broad demographic information and to monitor the level of activity.
Functional Cookies/Strictly Necessary Cookies:
These cookies are required to provide the Site and to enable you to use its features.
Social Media Cookies:
These cookies are used to identify you to provide advertising to you. The social media sites will record that you visited our Site and show you advertising related to our products and services. If you interact with social media materials (e.g., like or share buttons), the social media platform will receive information about your activity.
Targeted and Advertising Cookies:
The purpose of these cookies is to provide you with a more personal experience and to remember you when you visit our Site. Targeted cookies will track your browsing habits across websites to enable us to show advertising which is more likely to be of interest to you. These cookies use information about your browsing history to group you with other users who have similar interests. Based on that information, third party advertisers can place cookies to enable them to show ads which we/they think will be relevant to your interests while you are on our Site. These cookies also store your location, including your latitude and longitude, which helps us/them show you locale-specific content.
How We Use Personal Information
We use the personal information that we collect to:
Provide the Site, Services, and our content to you.
For the purpose for which you provided it, to process your transactions or communicate with you.
Provide you with information about products, services, offers, deals, or other information that is relevant to you.
For research and development purposes, to study our products and services and to create new products and services.
Administer, provide and communicate with you about contests, promotions and sweepstakes, upcoming events, or other news about products and services that we may offer.
Provide you with information, products, or services that we believe will interest you.
Display marketing to you on other websites.
Monitor and analyze trends, usage, engagement, and other activities in connection with our Site, Services or other communications or content.
Provide certain features or functionality to you.
Identify you, relate you to a segment, personalize the Site, content, or the Services.
Provide, support, secure, monitor, and improve our Site and content.
Analyze our Site, the Services and any content or message, to support or trouble shoot issues related to our Site, Services or content, or for other internal business purposes.
Contact you with administrative communications, including changes to terms or policies.
Send you technical notices, updates, security alerts, support or administrative messages and to respond to your comments, questions, or other messages or requests.
Detect, investigate, and prevent fraudulent transactions or other illegal or harmful activities.
Protect our, our customer’s or our third party partner’s rights and property.
Protect the security or integrity of the Site or our Services.
Comply with regulatory and legal obligations.
For other purposes that may be disclosed to you at the time of collection.
How We Share Personal Information
We share personal information with the following categories of third parties:
Customers
: We share information about a customer’s end user or end recipient with that customer. This includes information that we collect automatically through tracking technology.
Service Providers
: We share information that our customers upload to our Service or that we collect about our customer’s end users with our service providers that support the delivery of our Services, which are listed
here
. We also share information that we collect for our own business purposes with our own service providers, including to provide, support and improve the Site and Services and for our own administrative purposes. Our service providers may include support ticketing systems, engineering ticketing systems, customer relationship management systems, accounting systems, and legal, accounting, and other professional service providers.
Third Messaging Applications
: We share information about a customer’s end user or end recipient with limited third parties, these include Twilio, Apple, email messaging service providers, SMS/MMS text message service providers and other similar third parties. These third party messaging applications are not service providers and their terms of use and privacy policies apply to the information collected by the third party messaging platform.
Third Party Business Applications
: We share information about our customers (and their employees and contractors) with certain third party business applications, including Stripe or referral partners. These business applications collect information for their own business purpose and their privacy policy applies to the information that they collect.
Third Party Marketing Applications
: We share information about our prospective customers and our customers (and each of their employees and contractors) with certain third party marketing applications, like Google Analytics, ZoomInfo or LinkedIn. These marketing applications may collect information as our service provider and for their own purposes, including via automatic tracking technologies.
We also share personal information with the following third parties as we deem necessary:
With legal authorities or third parties if we deem necessary to enforce our rights, or the rights of third parties (including in connection with your breach of this privacy policy or any other agreement between us).
When required by any applicable law, rule regulation, subpoena, or other legal process.
In connection with the negotiation or execution of a merger or sale of our business.
To prevent illegal, harmful, fraudulent, or damaging activities.
EEA, UK, & Swiss Data Privacy Rights
Data Subject Rights
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (“EEA”), the United Kingdom (“UK”), or Switzerland, you are entitled to certain rights. These rights include:
Right of access and/or portability:
You have the right to access any personal information that we hold about you and, in some circumstances, have that data provided to you so that you can provide or “port” that data to another provider.
Right of erasure:
In certain circumstances, you have the right to the erasure of personal information that we hold about you (for example, if it is no longer necessary for the purposes for which it was originally collected).
Right to object to processing:
In certain circumstances, you have the right to request that we stop processing your personal information and/or stop sending you marketing communications.
Right to rectification:
You have the right to require us to correct any inaccurate or incomplete personal information.
Right to restrict processing
: You have the right to request that we restrict processing of your personal information in certain circumstances (for example, where you believe that the personal information we hold about you is not accurate or lawfully held).
To submit a request to exercise your rights, please contact us at
legal@customer.io
. If you submit a request related to the Services, we will direct you to submit a request to exercise your rights directly with our customer. We may have a reason under the law why we do not have to comply with your request or may comply with it in a more limited way than you anticipated. If we do, we will explain that to you in our response.
We process personal information, or “Personal Data” as that term is defined in the EU General Data Protection Regulation, on the following legal bases: (1) with your consent; (2) as necessary to perform our agreement to provide Services; and (3) as necessary for our legitimate interests where those interests do not override your fundamental rights and freedom related to data privacy. We may also process personal information as necessary to comply with legal obligations. Information we collect may be transferred to, and stored, and processed in, the United States or any other country in which we or our affiliates or subcontractors maintain facilities, as described above.
Users that reside in the EEA, UK, or Switzerland have the right to lodge a complaint about our data collection and processing actions with the supervisory authority concerned. Contact details for data protection authorities are available
here.
Cross-border Transfer of Data
If you use our Services outside of the United States, you understand that we may collect, process, and store your information in the United States and other countries. The laws in the US regarding information may be different from the laws of your state or country. Any such transfers will comply with safeguards as required by relevant law.
To facilitate data transfers from the EU to other countries, we make use of the European Commission-approved standard contractual data protection clauses, the Data Privacy Framework, or other appropriate legal mechanisms to safeguard the transfer. Our standard contractual data protection clauses are available
here
.
Data Privacy Framework Notice
Customer.io complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“Swiss-U.S. DPF”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Customer.io has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (“EU-U.S. DPF Principles”) with regard to the processing of personal information received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Customer.io has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (“Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles”) with regard to the processing of personal information received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Data Privacy Framework Notice and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (“DPF”) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
Customer.io is responsible for the processing of personal information it receives under the DPF and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. Customer.io complies with the DPF Principles for all onward transfers of personal information from the EU, UK, and Switzerland, including the onward transfer liability provisions.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Customer.io’s compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF. In certain situations, Customer.io may be required to disclose personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
Further, Customer.io commits to cooperate and comply with the advice of the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (“DPAs”), the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (“ICO”) and the Gibraltar Regulatory Authority (“GRA”), and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (“FDPIC”) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal information received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF.
For complaints regarding DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms, you have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration. Further information can be found on the official DPF website.
U.S. State Privacy Rights
If you are a resident of California, Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, or Utah, or any other state that grants you specific data privacy rights, you may have additional rights regarding our use of your personal information. The rights outlined in this section do not apply to information exempted under applicable state privacy law. Further, the rights described in this Section are not absolute, are subject to exceptions and limitations, and may not be afforded to residents of all states. In certain cases, we may decline requests to exercise these rights where permitted by law.
Persons with disabilities may obtain this notice in alternative format upon request by contacting us at legal@customer.io.
U.S. Privacy Rights
To the extent you are provided additional privacy rights in the state you reside, you have the following rights with respect to the information that we collect (in each case, subject to applicable law):
Right to Know:
To know the categories and specific personal information we have collected, the categories and sources from which we collected the personal information, the categories of third parties with whom we share personal information, and the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling (if applicable) personal information, and the right to request information about and opt out of automated decision making (if applicable).
Right to Access:
To request a copy of the personal information that we have collected about you during the past 12 months.
Right to Opt-Out of Sales or Sharing:
To opt out of sales of personal information (if applicable) or sharing personal information for Cross-Contextual Behavioral Advertising.
Right to Delete:
To request that we delete the personal information that we have collected from you.
Right to Correct:
To correct inaccurate information that we maintain about you.
Right to Limit Disclosure of Sensitive Information:
To limit the disclosure of sensitive personal information, if we use or disclose sensitive personal information.
Freedom from Discrimination:
To exercise the rights described above free from discrimination or retaliation as prohibited under applicable law.
Right to Opt Out of the Sale or Sharing of Personal Information to Third Parties
You have the right to opt out of our sale of your personal information or our sharing your personal information for behavioral advertising purposes. To exercise your right to opt out of the sale of your personal information, please visit our “
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
” webpage.
Exercising Your State Privacy Rights
If you reside in a state that provides specific data privacy rights, you may contact us:
By filling out a Consumer Data Request Form available
here
.
By email as indicated in the “
Contact Us
” section below.
Your rights may only be exercised by you or by your designated agent. You may submit a request to know twice within a 12-month period unless applicable data privacy law grants you additional rights.
Your request must include enough information to allow us to reasonably verify that you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative, which may include: (1) verifying your account information if you have an account with us; or (2) requesting two forms of identification that are reliable for verification purposes, unless the request includes sensitive information and, in which case, we may require three forms of verification and a signed declaration. The information included in your request must allow us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm that the personal information relates to you. If we cannot verify your identity or authority, we will not fulfill your request. We will only use personal information provided in the request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make it.
You may submit a request through a designated agent. You must instruct that agent that they will need to state that they are acting on your behalf when making the request, have reasonably necessary documentation, and be prepared to provide the necessary personal information to properly verify your request.
We will acknowledge receipt of your request. We will provide a substantive response within 45 calendar days or inform you of the reason and extension period (up to a total of 90 days) in writing.
Special Information for Nevada Residents
Residents of the State of Nevada have the right to opt-out of the sale of certain pieces of their information to other companies who will sell or license their information to others. At this time, Customer.io does not engage in such sales. If you are a Nevada resident and would like more information about our data-sharing practices, please email legal@customer.io.
California Shine the Light
Residents of the State of California have the right to request information from Customer.io regarding other companies to whom the company has disclosed certain categories of information during the preceding year for those companies’ direct marketing purposes. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please email legal@customer.io or write to us at 921 SW Washington St., Suite #820, Portland, OR 97205.
How We Protect Personal Information
We use a combination of physical, technical, and administrative safeguards to protect the information we collect through the Services. While we use these precautions to safeguard your information, we cannot guarantee the security of the networks, systems, servers, devices, and databases we operate or that are operated on our behalf.
How Long We Retain Personal Information
We retain your personal information for as long as we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, to provide you with a service you have requested or to comply with applicable legal, tax, or accounting requirements).
The criteria used to determine appropriate retention period for personal information include:
The amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal information.
The purpose(s) for which the personal information was collected and used.
Whether we have a legal obligation to retain personal information or whether retaining personal information is necessary to resolve disputes, including the establishment, exercise, or defense of legal claims.
Changes to This Policy
We may make changes to this privacy policy from time to time. We will post any changes here, and such changes will become effective when they are posted. Your continued use of the Site or our Services, or your interaction with us following the posting of any changes will mean you consent to those changes.
Your Choices Regarding Your Information
We offer the following options for updating your information or opting out of our processing of your personal information:
Customer Information
: If you are an authorized user of the Services, you can
Sign In
to update your contact information and payment method.
Our Emails
: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can click the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any email, or email us at
legal@customer.io
and we will promptly remove you from all correspondence.
Opt-Out of Sales
: Please visit our Personal Information Rights Request Form.
Change Your Cookie Preferences
: Please visit our Personal Information Rights Request Form.
Advertisements
: You can learn more about ad serving companies and the options available to limit their collection and use of your information by visiting the websites for the Network Advertising Initiative, the Digital Advertising Alliance, and the European Interactive Digital Advertising Initiative.
Web Brower Settings
: Most web browsers automatically accept cookies but, if you prefer, you can usually modify your browser setting to disable or reject cookies. If you delete your cookies or if you set your browser to decline cookies, some features of the Services may not be available, work, or work as designed. You may also be able to opt out of or block tracking by interacting directly with the other companies who conduct tracking through our Services.
Contact Us
For questions about our privacy practices, contact us at:
Peaberry Software Inc. d/b/a Customer.io
9450 SW Gemini Dr., Suite 43920, Beaverton, Oregon 97008-7105.
Email:
compliance@customer.io
Phone Number: 646-820-9503
Sub-policy 2
https://www.unit21.ai/privacy-policy:
This website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to collect information about how you interact with our website and allow us to remember you. We use this information in order to improve and customize your browsing experience and for analytics and metrics about our visitors both on this website and other media. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Privacy Policy.
If you decline, your information won’t be tracked when you visit this website. A single cookie will be used in your browser to remember your preference not to be tracked.
Cookies settings
Accept
Decline
Product Demo: Outsmart Scammers With Unit21
Register For Webinar
Product
Prevent & Detect
Payment Fraud Prevention
AML Transaction Monitoring
Fraud Consortium
Customer Risk Ratings
Watchlist Screening
Risk Data Enrichment
Investigate & Respond
Case Management
Regulatory Filing
Sponsor Banks OS
AI Agent
Featured resource
Only Screen What Matters With Unit21’s Watchlist Solution
Customers
Resources
Blog
Resources
Product Demos
Documentation
Featured resource
Outsmart Scammers With Unit21's Proactive Detection
Company
About Us
Careers
Partners
Newsroom
featured job openings
Enterprise Account Executive - Remote Friendly
Browse all job openings
get A DEMO
Privacy Policy
Last Modified: January 2024
This Privacy Notice (the “Notice”) applies to personal information collected by, or provided to, Unit21, Inc., and/or its affiliates and subsidiaries (collectively "Unit21”, "we", “us", “our") via the websites, applications, and other platforms from which this Notice is linked.  This Notice describes how Unit21 uses the personal information that it collects, receives, maintains, and stores about you.  This Notice does not apply to personal information processed, stored, or hosted by or on behalf of our customers. Our customers are responsible for deciding how their data is used, so please see their applicable privacy notice for more information.
‍
1. Types of Personal Information Collected
‍
We may collect personal information from or about you in order to provide, enhance, market, and offer the Services, and to otherwise communicate with you. This section describes the categories of personal information we may collect, including personal information we have collected in the past twelve (12) months. You are not required to give us all the personal information identified in this Notice; however, if you do not provide requested personal information, we may not be able to provide you with some or all of the Services.
‍
Contact and Demographic Information
– first and last name; address (including billing and shipping address); telephone number; affiliated organization and industry; job title; and email address.
‍
Payment Information
– If you make a purchase, our payment processor will collect your payment information including your name, credit card information, and billing address, together with your purchase details.
‍
Account Information
– We may also collect login credentials, such as your user ID and password.
‍
Location Data
– While navigating the Services, your mobile device or browser may share your location data, both through WiFi and GPS, and IP address or MAC address. We will collect this information based on the settings of your phone and browser.
‍
Usage Information
– We may also collect usage and device information when you use the Services.  This may include information relating to your Internet activity or other electronic network activity, which includes device information; web server type and version; PHP version; database type and version; cookie information; device information; browsing activities on our website and related domains, and platform or mobile application use data; referring domain; destination domain and destination path; performance, security, software configuration and availability of our software on your servers and network; website user statistics and website and portal use and viewing activity records; and communication preferences.
‍
Education and Employment Information
– If you apply for employment with Unit21, we may collect your employment and work history, as well as personal information related to your potential employment.  This may include, but is not limited to, your education and employment history, address and contact information, demographic information, and the contents of your resume.
‍
Communication Information
- We may collect audio, electronic, or visual information, which includes screen sharing views; any data in any files uploaded, emailed or otherwise provided by customers; the contents of your communications with Unit21, whether via e-mail, social media, Slack, telephone or otherwise; and inferences we may make from other personal information we collect.
When you interact with our chatbot services, we may also collect and process the following information:
User-Generated Content
- We collect and store the text-based conversations you have with our chatbot.
Device Information
- We may collect technical information such as your device's IP address, browser type, and operating system for security and analytical purposes.
‍
2. Method of Information Collection
‍
We collect personal information in a variety of ways.  We may collect personal information directly from you; for example, when you visit our websites, respond to a survey, participate in a telephone interaction, fill out a registration form, use our chatbot, or otherwise use the Services.
‍
We may also collect personal information from third parties.  For example, we may collect personal information from service providers that help us to build and maintain our contact lists, that integrate their services into ours, or in other ways work with us for our mutual benefit.
‍
We may also collect personal information from you passively.  For example, the Services use tracking tools like cookies, pixels, and web beacons to collect usage and browser information.  For more information about the trackers that we use, please see Section 6 of this Notice.  Additionally, if you enable location data on your device, this data will be collected based on the location settings on your device.
‍
3. Combining Personal Information
‍
We may combine personal information we obtain.  For example, we may combine personal information that we have collected online with personal information that we have collected offline, for instance during calls between you and our support team.  We may also combine personal information that we have collected across other third-party sites or from other third parties with personal information we already have.
‍
4. How We Use Personal Information
‍
To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may use personal information for a variety of purposes including to:
‍
operate the Services and provide support to our business functions;
fulfill customer requests, such as to create a Unit21 account or complete customer purchases;
protect against criminal activity, claims and other liabilities;
send customers information regarding Unit21 and our Services;
respond to reviews, comments, or other feedback provided to us;
support and personalize the Services and our advertising efforts;
protect the security and integrity of the Services;
provide customer support;
the extent required for benchmarking, data analysis, audits, developing new products, enhancing the Services, facilitating product, software and applications development, improving the Services, conducting research, analysis, studies or surveys, identifying usage trends, as well as for other analytics purposes;
meet our contractual requirements;
comply with applicable legal or regulatory requirements and our policies;
communicate with our customers, including to provide them with information about our products, programs, services and promotions;
respond to inquiries related to employment opportunities;
market, advertise, and provide the Services; and
the extent necessary for any other lawful purpose for which the personal information is collected.
‍
5. Sharing Personal Information
‍
We may share your personal information in the following circumstances:
‍
Within Unit21
– We may share your personal information with our affiliates, subsidiaries, and employees.
‍
Service Providers
– When we hire a service provider to help operate the Services or our business, we may allow access to personal information as necessary to perform the service for us. This may include service providers that operate the Services, collect payment, send our communications, or run our promotions, or act as a chatbot.
‍
Business Partners
– We may share personal information with our trusted business partners.  For example, we may share your personal information with a company when we co-sponsor a promotion or service.  These partners may use your personal information to, among other things, send you information or contact you about their services and products.
‍
Third Parties for Marketing Purposes
– To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may share personal information with third parties for purposes of our marketing, advertising, promotions, contests, or other similar purposes.
‍
Legal Obligation or Protection from Harm
– When we have a good faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of the personal information is reasonably necessary to (a) satisfy or comply with any requirement of law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request, (b) enforce or investigate a potential violation of the Terms of Use, (c) detect, prevent, or otherwise respond to fraud, security or technical concerns, (d) support auditing and compliance functions, or (e) protect the rights, property, or safety of Unit21, its users, or the public against harm.
‍
Mergers, Acquisitions, Divestitures
– If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, or any form of transfer or sale of some or all of our business, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, personal information may be transferred along with the business.  Where legally required we will give you prior notice and, if you have a legal right to do so, an opportunity to object to this transfer.
‍
‍
Purposes described to you –
We may share your personal information for other purposes, as we describe to you and as permitted by applicable law.
‍
6. Cookies and Other Technologies
‍
We collect information about users over time through the Services by using several common types of cookies and other tracking technologies including log files, pixel tags, web bugs, web beacons, clear GIFs, Local Storage Objects (LSOs) such as HTML5 and Flash or other similar technologies to collect information about the ways you interact with and use the Services, to support and enhance features and functionality, to monitor performance, to personalize content and experiences, for marketing and analytics, and for other lawful purposes. We may also permit third parties that collect information in this way on our behalf and for their own purposes.  Cookies are small files that download when you access certain websites.  For more information about cookies visit:
http://www.allaboutcookies.org/
.
To assist us with analyzing our website traffic through cookies and similar technologies, we use analytics services such as Google Analytics.  For more information on Google Analytics’ processing of your information, please see
“How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services.”
You can opt-out of Google Analytics by installing
Google’s opt-out browser add-on
.
‍
These cookies may be placed by us (first-party) or by a third party.  These cookies may also be Flash Cookies.  To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies
click here
.  We may use cookies that are session-based or persistent.  Session cookies expire when you close your browser or turn off your device.  Persistent cookies remain on your device after you close your browser or turn off device.
‍
Type of Cookies
Description
Required
Required cookies are essential for the operation of the Services. They include, for example, cookies that allow you to access and use secure areas of the Services.
Functionality
Functionality cookies allow the Services to remember information you have entered or choices you make (such as your username, language, or your region) and provide enhanced, more personal features. These cookies also enable you to optimize your use of the Services after logging in. These cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made to text size, fonts and other parts of web pages that you can customize.
Performance
These cookies collect information about how you use the Services, including which pages you go to most often and if they receive error messages from certain pages. These cookies do not collect information that individually identifies you. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and anonymous. It is only used to improve how the Services function and perform.
Targeting or Advertising
From time-to-time, we may engage third parties to track and analyze usage and volume statistical information from individuals who visit the Services. We sometimes use cookies delivered by third parties to track the performance of our advertisements. For example, these cookies remember which browsers have visited the Services. The information provided to third parties does not include personal information, but this information may be re-associated with personal information after we receive it.By way of example, as you visit the Services, advertising cookies may be placed on your computer so that we can understand what you are interested in. Our advertising partners then enable us to present you with retargeted advertising on other sites based on your previous interaction with the Services.Third parties, with whom we partner to provide certain features on the Services or to display advertising based upon your web browsing activity, use Flash cookies to collect and store information. Flash cookies are different from browser cookies because of the amount of, type of, and how data is stored.
During your first visit to our website, you can change your cookie preferences through our cookie banner. You can also accept, or block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to reject all or some cookies. The help and support area on your internet browser should have instructions on how to block or delete cookies. Some web browsers (including some mobile web browsers) provide settings that allow you to control or reject cookies or to alert you to when a cookie is placed on your computer, tablet or mobile device. Although you are not required to accept cookies, if you block or reject them, you may not have access to all of the features available through the Services.
‍
Cookie settings in Internet Explorer
Cookie settings in Firefox
Cookie settings in Chrome
Cookie settings in Safari web
and
iOS
.
‍
To find out more on how to manage and delete cookies, visit
aboutcookies.org
.  For more details on your choices regarding use of your web browsing activity for interest-based advertising you may visit the following sites:
‍
networkadvertising.org
optout.aboutads.info
youradchoices.com
youronlinechoices.eu
‍
On a mobile device, you may also adjust your settings to permit or limit ad tracking.
‍
‍
7. Children Under the Age of 13
‍
The Services are meant for adults, and we will not knowingly collect personal information from any person under the age of 13 without permission from a parent or guardian. The Services is not designed to attract the attention of persons under the age of 13. If you are a parent or legal guardian and think your child has given us information, you can email us at
support@unit21.ai
. You can also write to us at the address listed in the “Contacting Unit21” section of this Notice. Please mark your inquiries “COPPA Inquiry.”
‍
8. Your Choices
‍
Depending on where you are located, you may have certain choices about how we use your personal information.  To opt-out of marketing communications please email us at
support@unit21.ai
or by following the instructions included in the email or text correspondence.  To exercise other rights with respect to your personal information, please contact us using the information in the “Contacting Unit21” section below.
‍
Please note that, even if you unsubscribe from certain correspondence, we may still need to contact you with important transactional or administrative information, as permitted by law.  Additionally, if you withdraw your consent or object to processing, or if you choose not to provide certain personal information, we may be unable to provide some or all of the Services to you.
‍
9. California Privacy Rights
‍
Pursuant to California’s Shine the Light statute (Cal. Civ. Code Sec. 1798.83), you can control if we share personal information with third parties for their marketing purposes.  To opt-out of us sharing your personal information with third parties for such purposes, email us at
support@unit21.ai
or write to us in the “Contacting Unit21” section of this Notice and include “Marketing Opt-Out” in your request.
‍
In addition, pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”), California residents may have certain other rights concerning their personal information. This section describes (i) the categories of personal information collected and disclosed by Unit21, subject to CCPA, (ii) your privacy rights under CCPA, and (iii) how to exercise those rights.
‍
When we use the term “personal information” in this section, we mean information that identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household.
‍
a. Personal Information We Collect.
During the past twelve (12) months we and our service providers have collected the categories of personal information set forth below.  We may disclose each of these categories of personal information to our service providers for our business purposes (to enable the service providers to provide their services) and as otherwise described in the “Sharing Personal Information” section above.  We will not collect additional categories of personal information or use personal information collected for additional purposes without providing you notice.
‍
Identifiers (for example, name, date of birth, email address, IP address, and online identifiers);
Categories of personal information as defined by Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80 (for example, name, signature, telephone number);
Commercial information (for example, transaction history);
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including information on your usage of the Services;
Geolocation data;
Sensory data (for example, audio from call recordings);
Professional or employment related information; and
Inferences drawn from any information identified above to create a profile.
‍
b. Your Privacy Rights.
In accordance with the CCPA, California residents may exercise, under certain conditions, the following privacy rights with respect to their personal information. Please note: you will not be discriminated against in any way if you exercise the rights listed below, which means we will not deny goods or services to you, provide different prices or rates for goods or services to you, or provide a different level or quality of goods or services to you.
‍
Privacy Right
Description
Notice
You may have the right to be notified, at or before the point of collection, of the  categories of personal information we collect and the purposes for which they will be used and shared.
Access
You may have the right to request the categories of personal information that we collected in the previous twelve (12) months, the categories of sources from which the personal information was collected, the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you, and the business purposes for which such personal information is collected and shared. You may also have the right to request the categories of personal information which were disclosed for business purposes, and the categories of third parties in the twelve (12) months preceding your request for your personal information.
Data Portability
You may have the right to receive the personal information you have previously provided to us.
Erasure
You may have the right to ask us to delete (and have us direct our service providers to delete) your personal information. However, please be aware that we may not fulfill your request for deletion if we (or our service provider(s)) are required or permitted to retain your personal information for one or more of the following categories of purposes: (1) to complete a transaction for which the personal information was collected, provide a good or service requested by you, or complete a contract between us and you; (2) to ensure our website integrity, security, and functionality; (3) to comply with applicable law or a legal obligation, or exercise rights under the law (including free speech rights); or (4) to otherwise use your personal information, internally, in a lawful manner that is compatible with the context in which you provided the information.
To Opt Out
You may have the right to opt out of us selling personal information.
‍
c. How to Exercise Your Rights.
If you would like to exercise your rights listed above, please send (or have your authorized agent send) an email to
support@unit21.ai
or privacy@unit21.ai.  You can also contact us using the other methods listed in the “Contacting Unit21” section below.
‍
d. How We Respond to Your Requests.
In all cases, we will respond to your request within 45 days. However, where reasonably necessary, we may extend our response time by an additional 45 days, provided we send you notice of such extension first. We will provide the information to you via your preferred delivery mechanism.  If the information is provided to you electronically, we will provide you the information in a portable format and, to the extent technically feasible, in a machine readable, readily useable format that allows you to freely transmit this information without hindrance.
‍
Please note that we will not charge you for making a request, provided that you make no more than two (2) requests per year. If you make three (3) or more requests in any given twelve (12) month period, we may refuse to respond to such requests, if determined by us to be unfounded or excessive (e.g. repetitive in nature), or we may charge a reasonable fee taking into account the administrative costs of providing the information or communication or taking the action requested. If we refuse to act on the request, we will provide you notice and the reason for our refusal to act.
‍
10. Information for Individuals in the EU and UK -- GDPR
‍
In accordance with European and UK law (collectively, the “GDPR”), individuals in the EU and UK may have additional rights relating to the collection and processing of personal information.
‍
a. Basis for Processing
Our legal basis for processing the personal information described in this Notice will depend on the personal information concerned and the context in which we process it.  We process personal information from you:
‍
where we need it to perform a contract with you;
where the processing is in our legitimate interests (including the purposes described, above, in How We Use Personal Information);
where the processing is necessary for us to meet our applicable legal obligations; or
if we otherwise have your consent.
‍
b. Your Privacy Rights
Depending on applicable law, you may have the right to:
‍
Request access to your personal information.
Request correction of your personal information.
Request erasure of your personal information. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request.
Object to processing of your personal information.
Request restriction of processing of your personal information.
Request the transfer of your personal information to you or to a third party.
Withdraw consent at any time where we are relying on consent to process your personal information.
‍
If you wish to exercise any of these rights or would like further information, please contact us at
support@unit21.ai
or write to us using the address in the “Contacting Unit21” section below.  Depending on the nature of your request, we may need to verify your identity.
‍
Depending on where you are located, you may have a right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority or other regulatory agency if you believe that we have violated any of the rights concerning personal information.  We encourage you to first reach out to us at
support@unit21.ai
or using the address in the “Contacting Unit21” section below, so we have an opportunity to address your concerns directly before you do so.
‍
11. Storage, Security and Retention of Information
‍
We take reasonable steps to protect the personal information users share with us, including, but not limited to, setup of processes, equipment and software to avoid unauthorized access or disclosure of this information. No transmission of information via the Internet can be entirely secure, however, so please always use caution when submitting personal information.  We will retain your personal information in compliance with the uses described in this Notice, as well as to comply with our legal, financial reporting, or compliance obligations.
‍
12. Transfers of Personal Information
‍
We process and store personal information both inside the United States and overseas.  If you live outside of the United States, be advised that we may transfer your personal information to the United States and other countries, whose laws may not provide the same protections as the laws in your country.  Personal information transferred outside of the European Economic Area will be subject to the appropriate safeguards pursuant to GDPR and other applicable law, including without limitation, standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission.
‍
13. Links to Third Parties and their Sites
‍
The Services may include third-party content and links to third-party websites and services that collect personal information.  We do not control these third parties and this Notice does not apply to their privacy practices.  We are not responsible for the practices of these third parties or how they use information you provide to them.  Please read the third parties’ privacy policies carefully.
‍
14. Contacting Unit21
If you have any questions about this Notice, or the privacy practices of Unit21 please email us at
support@unit21.ai
or write to us at:
‍
Unit21, Inc.
49 Geary Street,
Unit 200,
San Francisco,
CA 94108
‍
If you are contacting us to exercise your rights with respect to your personal information as detailed in this Notice, we ask you to please adhere to the following guidelines:
‍
Tell Us Which Right You Are Exercising: Specify which right you want to exercise and the personal information to which your request relates (if not to you). If you are acting on behalf of another consumer, please clearly indicate this fact and your authority to act on such consumer’s behalf;
Help Us Verify Your Identity: Provide us enough information to verify your identity. For example, provide us (at a minimum) your full name, address, and phone number. Please note that if we cannot initially verify your identity, we may request additional information to complete the verification process. Any personal information you disclose to us for purposes of verifying your identity will solely be used for the purpose of verification.
Direct Our Response Delivery: Inform us of the delivery mechanism with which you prefer to receive our response. You may specify, for example, email, mail, or through your account (if you have one with us).
‍
Please note that you don’t need to create an account with us in order to make a request to exercise your rights hereunder.
‍
By using our chatbot services, you acknowledge that you have read and understood this Privacy Policy, including the disclosure of our use of OpenAI's ChatGPT technology, and agree to the terms and conditions outlined herein.
‍
‍
15. Updates
This Notice may be amended from time to time. Unless otherwise indicated, any changes to this Notice will apply immediately upon posting to the Services, so please check our website periodically for updates.  You can see when this Notice was last updated by reviewing the “Last Updated” legend at the top of this page.  We will provide notice of material changes by updating the Notice here and communicating with you in the manner and format in which we typically communicate with you in our regular course of business, as required by applicable law.
Getting started is easy
See first-hand how Unit21
can help bolster your risk & compliance operations
GET a demo
Sub-policy 3
https://sift.com/service-privacy:
Skip to main content
Skip to footer
Home
/
Legal and Compliance
/
Website Privacy Notice
Website Privacy Notice
Table of Contents
Our Commitment to Privacy
Quick Links
PART I. WHO WE ARE
PART II. WHAT WE COLLECT, HOW WE USE IT, AND THE LEGAL BASIS
PART III. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS, SECURITY, AND DATA RETENTION
PART IV. YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS
PART V. OTHER IMPORTANT INFORMATION
PART VI. HOW TO CONTACT US
Last Updated: December 20, 2024
Our Commitment to Privacy
Sift Science, Inc. (
“Sift”
,
“we”
or
“us”
) respects your privacy and wants you to be informed about what we do. This Website Privacy Notice (this
“Notice”
) explains who we are, how we collect, share, and use personal information about you, and how you can exercise your privacy rights.
This Notice applies to the processing of personal information collected by us through our website (
www.sift.com
and any sub-domains, except the Sift console at console.sift.com) (the
“Website”
) and in connection with our events, sales, and marketing activities or to register you as a visitor to our offices. If you are a resident of California, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Florida, Iowa, Montana, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Oregon, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, or Virginia, please also review our
Supplemental U.S. State Law Privacy Notice
which describes certain disclosures and rights available to you under your state’s privacy laws, when such laws are effective.
For information about how we process personal information that we collect if you use or otherwise interact with the Sift fraud prevention products, applications, and services, see our
Service Privacy Notice.
Quick Links
We recommend that you read this Notice in full to ensure that you are fully informed. However, if you would like to access a particular section of this Notice, then you can click on the relevant link in the Table of Contents to jump to that section.
PART I. WHO WE ARE
Sift is a Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) company based in San Francisco, California. We help online businesses (our
“Customers”
) detect and address fraud and other malicious behavior on their digital properties, such as their websites and mobile applications, using our proprietary real-time machine learning technology (the
“Sift Services”
).
For further information about our collection and use of information in connection with the Sift Services, please see our
Service Privacy Notice.
PART II. WHAT WE COLLECT, HOW WE USE IT, AND THE LEGAL BASIS
Information We Collect
We may collect the following types of personal information about you:
Information that you provide to us
Certain parts of our Website might ask you to provide personal information voluntarily – for example, if you provide your contact details to register an account with us, subscribe to marketing communications (like our newsletters), access a demo or white paper, or enable us to contact you. We may also collect information from you in person at a tradeshow or event or when you register as a visitor at our offices.
If you contact us to find out more about the Sift Services (whether via our website or via a phone call with one of our sales representatives), we will collect personal information about you so that we can fulfill your request.
The personal information we collect may include:
Contact information (such as, your name, address, telephone number, and email address) and the nature of your communication;
Professional information (such as, your company name, job title, and company address);
Marketing information (such as, your contact preferences); and
Any other information you choose to provide to us when completing any ‘free text’ boxes in our forms (for example, for event sign-up or bot interaction).
We use this information (alone or in combination with other information we have collected about you):
To respond to your requests or provide information you’ve requested to perform our contract with you, or if we have not contracted directly with you, in reliance on our legitimate interest in managing communications with you.
For security reasons, to register visitors to our offices and to manage non-disclosure agreements that visitors may be required to sign, to the extent such processing is necessary for our legitimate interest in protecting our offices and our confidential information against unauthorized access.
To send administrative or account related information to you in reliance on our legitimate interests in managing your account.
To comply with and enforce applicable legal requirements, agreements, and policies.
To validate your identity when seeking to exercise your privacy rights.
To process your information for marketing purposes, which may involve sending you marketing and promotional materials (for example, newsletters, telemarketing calls, or SMS or push notifications), if this is in accordance with your marketing preferences, as necessary for our legitimate interest in conducting direct marketing or to the extent you have provided prior consent. This may involve processing your information using machine learning and artificial intelligence technologies, including profiling. This may also involve using email tracking technologies for marketing purposes to measure email engagement. You can opt-out of our marketing at any time (see the below section on how to
Unsubscribe from Our Mailing List
).
For other business purposes – such as, data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our marketing and to enhance, customize, and improve our Websites, products and services – in reliance on our legitimate interests in expanding and developing our business activities.
Information that we collect automatically
When you visit our Website, Sift (like most website owners) collects certain information related to your device, such as your device’s IP address, device type, browser type, broad geographic location (e.g. country or city-level location), referring website, what pages your device visited, and the time that your device visited our Website.
We (including our vendors) may use cookies, pixel tags, web beacons, embedded web links, and similar technologies. You can opt-out of certain collection technologies (such as cookies) but please note that you then might not be able to take advantage of many of the tailored features of our Website. For more information on our use of cookies, including how to change your cookie preferences, please see our
Website Cookie Notice.
We use this information (alone or in combination with other information we have collected about you):
To administer our Website and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical, and survey purposes in reliance on our legitimate interests;
To understand how our Website is used and to improve our Website to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and your computer in reliance on our legitimate interests;
To display personalized advertising and content to you on and off our Website, based on your browsing activities on the Website to the extent necessary for legitimate interests in advertising our Website and services, or where necessary, to the extent you have provided prior consent; and
As part of our efforts to keep our Website safe and secure in reliance on our legitimate interests in ensuring the security of our Website.
Information we obtain from third party sources
We may obtain information about you from other sources, such as public databases, joint marketing partners, data providers, or social media platforms. This information may include the following: mailing addresses, job titles, email addresses, phone numbers, intent data (or user behavior data), IP addresses, social media profiles, LinkedIn URLs or custom profiles.
We use this information (alone or in combination with other information we have collected about you) to enhance our ability to provide relevant marketing, offers, and services, including for the purposes of targeted advertising, delivering more relevant email content, event promotion, and profiling in reliance on our legitimate interests in conducting our marketing activities and promoting the Sift Services.
Sharing information with third parties
We may share and disclose information about you in the following circumstances:
Vendors, consultants and other service providers
We may share your information with third party vendors, consultants and other service providers who provide data processing services to us and with whom the sharing of such information is necessary to undertake that work. Examples of these type of service providers include: processing billing, providing customer support, hosting our infrastructure, data enrichment, identity verification, or online and offline marketing optimizations, including the use of machine learning technologies, artificial intelligence or profiling.
Third party vendor integrations
We may offer you the ability to use third party vendor integrations through our Services. If you choose to use these third party vendor integrations, then you are directly interacting with that third party vendor and providing or directing us to provide information, including Personal Information, to them for purposes of facilitating the integration.
Professional advisors
We may disclose your personal information to professional advisors, such as lawyers, bankers, auditors, and insurers, where necessary in the course of the professional services they render to us.
Compliance with laws
We may disclose your information to any competent law enforcement body, regulator, government agency court, or other third party where we believe disclosure is necessary (i) as a matter of applicable law or regulation, (ii) to exercise, establish or defend our legal rights, or (iii) to protect your vital interests or those of any other person (see below).
Vital interests and legal rights
We may disclose information about you if we believe it necessary to protect the vital interests or legal rights of Sift, you, or any other person.
Corporate Affiliates and Transactions
We may provide your information to our affiliates (meaning any subsidiary, parent company or company under common control with Sift). Our affiliates will use your information only for the purposes described in this Notice. Additionally, if Sift is involved in a merger, acquisition or sale of all or a portion of its assets, your information may be shared or transferred as part of that transaction, as permitted by law.
PART III. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS, SECURITY, AND DATA RETENTION
Processing of Personal Information in the U.S. and Other Territories
Your personal information may be transferred to, and processed in, countries other than the country in which you are resident. These countries may have data protection laws that are different to the laws of your country. Specifically, please be aware that our facilities are located in the United States, and our third party service providers and partners operate around the world. This means that when we collect your personal information we may process it in different countries. However, regardless of where your data is processed we have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your personal information will remain protected in accordance with this Notice.
European data transfers
If you are resident in the EEA, UK or Switzerland, we will protect your personal information when it is transferred outside of your jurisdiction by: (i) processing it in a territory that provides an adequate level of protection for personal information based on the receiving country’s data protection laws; and/or (ii) implementing appropriate safeguards to protect your personal information, such as requiring the recipient to comply with the Standard Contractual Clauses, or another lawful and approved transfer mechanism.
Security safeguards
We use technical and organizational security measures designed to protect personal information we process about visitors to our Website against unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. However, please note that no Internet transmission can ever be guaranteed 100% secure, and so we encourage you to take care when disclosing personal information online and to use readily available tools, such as Internet firewalls, secure email, and similar technologies to protect yourself online.
Data Retention
We retain your personal information where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, to provide you with a service you have requested or to comply with applicable legal, tax, or accounting requirements) and for a period of time consistent with the original purpose as described in this Notice. We determine the appropriate retention period for personal information on the basis of the amount, nature, and sensitivity of your personal information processed, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal information and whether we can achieve the purposes of the processing through other means, as well as on the basis of applicable legal requirements (such as applicable statutes of limitation).
After expiration of the applicable retention periods, we will either delete or anonymize your personal information or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
PART IV. YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS
Depending on your location and subject to applicable law, you may have the following rights with regard to personal information we control about you:
Access, review, change, update, or delete your information (EEA, UK and Swiss residents)
You may access (data portability), review, modify, and request deletion of any personal information that we process about you, as required by law. You may submit such a request by one of the following: (i) send an email to
privacy@sift.com
, (ii) complete
this webform,
or (iii) call us toll free at (+1) 877-571-0124. To protect your privacy and security, we may need to take reasonable steps to verify your identity before responding to your request. Specifically, we (or our third party service provider acting on our behalf) may need to collect a copy of your photo ID and any other information necessary to confirm your identity. Such information will be securely processed in accordance with this Notice and only used for the purpose of verifying your identity.
Objection to processing of, or requesting restriction or portability of, personal information (EEA, UK, and Swiss residents)
In addition, if you are a resident of the European Economic Area (
“EEA”
), United Kingdom or Switzerland and we can properly verify your identity, you can object to processing of your personal information, ask us to restrict processing of your personal information, or request portability of your personal information. To exercise these rights, email
privacy@sift.com
.
Unsubscribe From Our Mailing List
You may at any time ask us to stop sending marketing communications to you, including by clicking “Unsubscribe” in any email communications we send you. If you have any questions in relation to the “Unsubscribe” process, please feel free to get in touch via the contact details set out below. If you choose to no longer receive marketing information, we may still communicate with you regarding such things as your security updates, product functionality, responses to service requests, or other transactional, non-marketing/administrative related purposes.
Withdrawal of Consent
If we have collected and process your personal information with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent. To withdraw your consent to any processing, email
privacy@sift.com
.
Right to Complain to a Data Protection Authority
You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority. Contact details for data protection authorities in the EEA and UK are available
here
and Switzerland are
here.
We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws. To protect your privacy and security, we may need to take reasonable steps to verify your identity before responding to your request.
PART V. OTHER IMPORTANT INFORMATION
Other Websites
Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of other websites that are linked to from our Website. We encourage our visitors to be aware when they leave our Website and to read the privacy statements or policies of each and every website that they visit.
Changes to this Notice
We may revise this Notice from time to time in response to changing legal, technical, or business developments. The most current version of this Notice will govern our use of your personal information. If we make any material changes to this Notice, we will post the updated version here. You can see when this Notice was last updated by checking the “last updated” or “effective” date displayed at the top of this Notice. You can access our Policy & Terms Archive
here
.
PART VI. HOW TO CONTACT US
Contact Details
Please contact Sift with any questions or comments about this Notice or our privacy practices at:
Sift Science, Inc.
Attn: Privacy Office
525 Market Street, Sixth Floor
San Francisco, CA 94105
Email:
privacy@sift.com
Controller Status, Data Protection Officer, EU and UK Representative
If you are a resident in the EEA, United Kingdom, or Switzerland, Sift Science, Inc. is the controller of the personal information (i.e., personal data under European data protection legislation) covered by this Notice.
You may contact our Data Protection Officer by emailing
dpo@sift.com
or using the mailing address listed in the Contact Details section above.
Our EEA representative is:
Sift Science Ireland Limited
by email:
privacy@sift.com
by mail: Sift Science Ireland Limited c/o Sift Science, Inc. 525 Market Street, Sixth Floor, San Francisco, CA 94105
Our UK representative is:
Sift Science UK Limited
by email:
privacy@sift.com
by mail: Sift Science UK Limited c/o Sift Science, Inc. 525 Market Street, Sixth Floor, San Francisco, CA 94105
Further Privacy Resources
Service Privacy Notice
Supplemental U.S. State Law Privacy Notice
Website Cookie Notice
Sift Terms of Service
Dare to
grow
differently.
Flip the switch on fraud-fueled fear. Make risk work for your business and scale securely into new markets with Sift’s AI-powered platform.
see sift in action
Loading...
Sub-policy 4
https://ahrefs.com/privacy-policy:
Legal info
/
Privacy Policy
Last modified: July 15, 2024
Who we are
Our team
Jobs
Media kit
Legal info
Contents
1. Introduction/Controller
2. Data protection officer
3. Categories of personal data
4. Purpose of the processing and Legal Basis for Processing
5. Use of cookies and similar technologies and analytics
6. Storage duration and deletion
7. Cross-border data transfer
8. Rights of the data subject
9. California residents
10. Changes to our Privacy Policy
1. Introduction/Controller
This privacy policy applies with regard to the processing of personal data by Ahrefs Pte Ltd (“Ahrefs”) (UEN No. 201227417H) 16 Raffles Quay #33-03 Hong Leong Building Singapore 048581 in connection with the provision of all Ahrefs websites (currently ahrefs.com), including the services provided via these websites.
2. Data protection officer
privacy@ahrefs.com
EU Representative
VeraSafe Ireland Ltd.
Unit 3D North Point House North Point Business Park
New Mallow Road
Cork T23AT2P
Ireland
3. Categories of personal data
1. Data collected automatically
The following data regarding the use of and the interactions with our services and your communications with us is automatically collected when you use our website and services:
information about the browser (type and version used, language)
the Internet service provider
the IP address
date and time of access request
time zone
access status/HTTP status code
the data volume transferred
websites from which you arrive at our website
websites accessed by you through our website
type of device and operating system
Universally unique identifier (UUID)
2. Data provided voluntarily
We collect personal data when you voluntarily provide it to us. Such personal data includes:
Registration, subscription and data relating to your contractual relationship with us
type of registration (data owner, data provider, data user)
company information (Legal Entity Identifier (LEI), company name)
user details (name, email address, telephone number, password)
transaction information (name, address, payment method)
Where you contact us via email or social media (your email address, social media account ID, profile photo)
The content of any messages you send to us, including any prompt or input which you may send to us in using our website including the tools provided on our website.
Answers to questions we ask you (for example when we provide customer support).
If you choose not to provide us with such personal data, you may not be able to enter into a contractual relationship with us and the provision of services by us may be delayed or impossible.
3. Personal data collected in connection with the use of cookies and similar technologies
We use cookies, web beacons and similar technologies to collect the following usage- and device-related personal data when you access our website and use our services from the devices used for this purpose:
websites/webpages visited, access time, frequency and duration of visits, links clicked, interaction with advertisements
user segment or category
IP address, model or device type, operating system and version, browser type and settings
identifiers (device ID, advertisement ID, individual device token)
cookie-related data (e.g. cookie ID)
Further information on our use of cookies and similar technologies is provided in
Section 5
of this Privacy Policy.
4. Purpose of the processing and Legal Basis for Processing
1. Purpose of the processing
We set out below a description of the purposes for which we process personal data:
User Registration and Account Management:
Registration for our services, conclusion and execution of a contract with you, creation of user account(s), authentication, and account settings customization.
Service Provision:
Delivery of our Webmaster Tools, AI Writing Tools, and related services, including performance tracking and reporting, employing hosting and backend infrastructure for the operation of the website, blocking spam, and employing the use of user database management.
Customer Support:
Handling queries, complaints, and other customer service interactions.
Fraud Prevention and Security:
Measures to prevent fraud, unauthorised access, and to ensure security.
Compliance with legal obligations:
Participation in investigations and proceedings (including judicial proceedings) conducted by public authorities or governmental authorities, in particular, for the purpose of detecting, investigating and prosecuting illegal acts.
Marketing Communications:
For marketing, commercial or advertising communications through email (newsletter). Such communications may be personalised based on data collected automatically or provided voluntarily to us.
AI Writing Tools:
We use prompts and input which you may enter in our AI Writing Tools to train and improve our AI model. This includes any personal data which you may include in such prompts or input.
Cookies and Similar Technologies:
We use cookies and similar technologies for the purposes as set out in our
Cookie Notice
(see also
Section 5
below), including functional cookies / similar technologies to remember choices a user makes and provide more personalized features, and analytics tools / similar technologies to improve our website and services.
2. Legal Basis for Processing
Your personal data is only processed if the legal requirements laid down by relevant legislation are met. The legal basis which we rely on to process your personal data include:
The conclusion and execution of a contract to which you are party in relation to the registration for our services and to provide the client subscription contract upon registration.
Fulfilment of a legal obligation to which the controllers may be subject within the context of the purposes of their activities.
Where processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the controller or by a third party, except where such interests are overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject which require protection of personal data, in particular where the data subject is a child.
Your consent, including in respect of marketing communications.
3. Disclosure
Any access to personal data is restricted to those persons who need to know in order to perform their professional duties.
We may transfer your personal data to the following recipients and categories of recipients:
Private third parties:
Affiliated or unaffiliated private bodies other than us.
Data processors:
Certain third parties, whether affiliated or unaffiliated, may receive your personal data to process such data on behalf of us under appropriate instructions as necessary for the respective processing purposes, including IT and other administrative services (e.g., billing services, hosting and/or maintenance of IT systems). The data processors will be subject to contractual obligations to implement appropriate technical and organizational security measures to safeguard the personal data, and to process the personal data only as instructed.
Governmental authorities, courts, external advisors, and similar third parties:
That are public bodies as required or permitted by applicable law.
5. Use of cookies and similar technologies and analytics
When you use our website and/or services, we and selected third parties may use cookies and similar technologies in order to provide you with a better, faster and safer user experience. Cookies are small text files that are automatically created by your browser and stored on your device. We use cookies and similar technologies that remain on your device only as long as your browser is active (session cookies), as well as cookies and similar technologies that remain on your device longer (persistent cookies). Detailed information can be found in our
Cookie Notice
.
The cookies and similar technologies have the following functions:
enable provision of our website/services (technically necessary)
improvement of user experience (e.g. saving font size and form data entered)
optimization of website/services (e.g. monitoring of error messages and loading times)
6. Storage duration and deletion
Unless otherwise required by law (e.g., statutory retention obligations), we store personal data only as long as it is necessary to serve the purpose for which that personal data was collected. When retention of personal data is no longer necessary for legal (e.g., under tax or trade law) or business purposes, it is deleted from our systems or anonymized.
7. Cross-border data transfer
Your personal data may be transferred to other countries. Some of the recipient countries may be outside of the European Union/European Economic Area and may provide a different level of protection compared to the laws in your jurisdiction and with regard to which an adequacy decision by the European Commission does not exist. The countries which provide an adequate level of data protection from a European data protection law perspective include Andorra, Argentina, Canada, Faeroe Islands, Guernsey, the State of Israel, Isle of Man, Japan, Jersey, New Zealand, Republic of Korea, Switzerland, United Kingdom, the Eastern Republic of Uruguay and the United States (commercial organisations participating in the EU-US Data Privacy Framework). With regard to data transfers to recipients outside of the European Union/European Economic Area and outside the aforementioned countries we provide appropriate safeguards, in particular, by way of entering into data transfer agreements adopted by the European Commission (e.g. Standard Contractual Clauses (2021/914/EU)) with the recipients or taking other measures to provide an adequate level of data protection, where this is required under applicable law. We will provide you with a copy of the respective measure we have taken upon request (for contact details see II. above).
8. Rights of the data subject
Under applicable data protection law you may be entitled to the following rights (though these rights may be restricted by applicable law):
Right of access:
You may have the right to obtain from us confirmation as to whether or not personal data concerning you is being processed, and, where that is the case, to request access to the personal data. The right of access includes, among other things, the purposes of the processing, the categories of the personal data to be processed, and the recipients or categories of recipient to whom the personal data will be disclosed. However, this right is not unrestricted as the rights of other persons may limit your right of access. In certain circumstances you have the right to receive a copy of the personal data processed by us. For further copies requested by you, we charge a reasonable fee, where relevant calculated on the basis of administrative costs.
Right to rectification or correction:
You have the right, where relevant, to request the rectification or correction of inaccurate personal data concerning you. Depending on the purposes of the processing, you may have the right to have incomplete personal data completed, including through the provision of a supplementary statement.
Right to erasure / deletion (right to be forgotten):
Subject to certain preconditions, you have the right to request us to erase personal data concerning you and we may be obliged to erase such personal data.
Right to restriction of processing:
Subject to certain preconditions, you have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal data. In that case, the data concerned will be marked and only processed by us for certain purposes.
Right to data portability:
Subject to certain preconditions, you have the right to receive the personal data concerning you, which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and the right to transmit that data to a different controller without hindrance from us.
Right to object:
Subject to certain preconditions, you have the right to object at any time to the processing of your personal data by us on grounds arising from your particular situation, and we can be required not to process your personal data any longer.If personal data is processed for direct marketing purposes, you have an additional right to object at any time to the processing of personal data in relation to you for the purpose of such marketing. This also applies to profiling where this is connected to direct marketing. In that case, the personal data will no longer be processed by us for these purposes.
The right to appeal:
Some US residents in certain states have the right to appeal our denial of your request, which you may exercise by responding to the message we send to you communicating our denial stating that you appeal our decision. In these cases, we will reconsider your request and then notify you of our decision.
You may also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time (the withdrawal of consent shall not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal) and to make a complaint to a data protection supervisory authority.
To exercise your rights, please contact us using the contact details provided under
Section 2
of this Privacy Policy. We may request additional information from you to verify your identity and complete your request.
9. California residents
We provide the following notice at collection to California resident website visitors. See our
California Consumer Privacy Act
.
What Categories of Personal Information Do We Collect?
Non-Sensitive Personal Information:
Identifiers such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name or other similar identifiers.
Any information that identifies, relates to, describes, or is capable of being associated with, a particular individual, including, but not limited to, his or her name, address, telephone number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, but excluding publicly available information that is lawfully made available to the general public from federal, state, or local government records.
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer's interaction with an internet website application, or advertisement.
Geolocation data.
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
Sensitive Personal Information:
A consumer's account log-in in combination with any required security or access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account.
For What Purposes Do We Collect and Use Personal Information?
We use non-sensitive personal information about our website visitors as reasonably necessary and proportionate as described in Section IV above. We use sensitive personal information for the provision of our services and not for the purpose of inferring characteristics about a consumer. We do not "sell" or "share" personal information, as defined under the CCPA.
What Criteria Do We Consider When Retaining Personal Information?
In general, with respect to each category of personal and sensitive personal information about website visitors, we retain each category as noted in Section VI above.
10. Changes to our Privacy Policy
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We encourage you to check this page for any changes. You can tell when Privacy Policy was last updated by looking at the date at the top of this page.