GUARDING
VISION
PRIVACY
POLICY
Last
Updated: July 8, 2024
Your privacy is important
to us. This Privacy Policy explains how we and our affiliates (also as “we”,
“our”, “Supplier”) with its all subsidiaries collect, store, use, disclose,
share and transfer your information
We provide following
services for use in conjunction with various products (“Products”) which can be
connected to our services through : (1) Guarding Vision website which may be
accessed at www.guardingvision.com, (the “Website”); (2) software applications
that can be downloaded to a mobile device named Guarding Vision (“Mobile Apps”);
and (3) any services available on the Website and Mobile Apps (“Available Services”).
The term “Supplier Services” means the Website, Mobile Apps, and Available
Services.
You will need to register
an account via Website or Mobile Apps to access Supplier Services.
For the
purposes of seeking to provide you with a better experience, to improve
Supplier
Services or otherwise where you have consented, with such account without new
registration, you may access to other services provided by us over Internet and/or
mobile applications.
You may also from time to time ask us to migrate or export your
personal information contained in one service to another service, where such
migration option is available. Any applicable privacy policy may apply to
specific services provided by us, you are advised to read this Privacy Policy
and any specific policy for your interest before using the services. We are
committed to protecting the privacy, confidentiality and security of your
personal information by complying with applicable laws, and we are equally
committed to ensuring that all our employees and agents uphold these
obligations.
We may modify this
Privacy Policy at any time, provided certain provisions of this Privacy Policy prove
to be incomplete or outdated and further provided that these changes are
reasonable for you, taking into account your interests. If we make material
changes to this Privacy Policy, we
will notify you by the email address specified
in your account or by means of notice on the Website
or Mobile Apps
of any such changes.
By using Supplier
Services and Products or other acting permitted by the applicable laws, you are
deemed to have read, acknowledged and accepted all the provisions stated herein
this Privacy Policy, including any changes we may make from time to time. In
order to comply with applicable laws, including local data protection
legislation (e.g. General Data Protection Regulation in Europe Union), we will
specifically seek prior express consent to the particular processing (e.g.
providing marketing materials to you) of personal information. Furthermore, we
are committed to protecting the privacy, confidentiality and security of your
personal information by complying with applicable laws, and we are equally
committed to ensuring that all our employees and agents uphold these
obligations.
You can determine when this Privacy Policy was last revised by
referring to the date it was “Last Updated” above.
1.
Definitions
2.
The Type of
Personal Information We Process and Why We Collect it
3.
How We Use
Your Personal Information
4.
Cookies and
Other Technologies
5.
Personal
Information Processed on Your Behalf as a Processor
6.
How We
Share Your Personal Information
7.
Securing
Your Personal Information
8.
Your Rights
and Retention of Your Personal Information
9.
Social
Community Features and Social Networks
10.
Your
Choices
11.
Children’s
Privacy
12.
Global
Operations and Data Transfers
13.
Contact Us
14.
Additional
Terms
1.
Definitions
Personal
Information
shall
have the same meaning as “personal data” and shall include any information
relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (“data subject”); an
identifiable person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in
particular by reference to an identification number or to one or more factors
specific to his physical, physiological, mental, economic, cultural or social
identity. Examples of personal information include your name, telephone number,
email address, physical address, and payment information.
Personal Information
also includes information that alone cannot directly identify you, but with
other information we have access to can identify you, such as product serial
numbers, log data that automatically records information about your visit, such
as your browser type, domains, page views, the URL of the page that referred you,
the URL of the page you next visit, your IP address, and page navigation,
unique device ID collected from Products and your mobile devices, data from
cookies, pixel tags, and web beacons, the country and time zone of the
connected Product, geo-location, mobile phone carrier identification, and
device software platform and firmware information.
Alarm
Receiving Center
means the operation center to provide alarm
services such as services of alarming abnormal events of the receiving
equipment.
Third
Party Services
means services provided to users by any third
party service providers including without limitation Alarm Receiving Center, of
which, the third party service providers can, with or without the permission by
users granted through Supplier Services(but shall agree with users on such
service providing separately if no authorization through Supplier Services is
required), provide remote monitoring services, including i) alarming abnormal
events of the receiving equipment; ii) obtaining device parameter information
and arming and disarming the device; iii) video preview, video playback,
picture capture, PTZ operation, video download within specific timing, etc.
2.
The
Types of Personal Information We Process and Why We Collect It
In order to
provide Supplier Services to you, as a controller or processor, we collect and
process your Personal Information. We will ask you to provide Personal
Information that is necessary to provide those services to you, and we process
the Personal Information which you voluntarily provide to us. If you do not
provide your Personal Information, we may not be able to provide you with Supplier
Services
in conjunction with
the Products. We may also collect
Personal Information from publicly or non-publicly accessible sources, for
example, Google, where you use your Google Account to register a Guarding
Vision account.
Here are more details on the types of Personal
Information we collect when you use
Supplier
Services in conjunction with Products:
§
When
you create your account to use Supplier Services (“Account”), we will collect
information including your region, name, phone number or email address and
password you set for the Account.
§
When
you add, install, activate and manage Products, we will collect certain basic
information via Supplier Services, such as your product name, the product’s verification
code, serial number, and IP addresses which are unique to the Product connected
to Supplier Services and associated with your Account.
§
When
you share any Products and certain permissions to other users through the
Services, for them to access or manage such Products, we will collect
information to allow you to share your Products, such as the email address of
the user you elect to share your Products with.
§
When
you contact us for customer service, or use other customer support tools, we
collect your information to provide you with support, verify your identity with
your Account profile information, and confirm your Product.
§
W
hen you access Supplier Services,
we will collect information related to how you use Products and Supplier Services,
such as the types of content that you view or engage with, the features you
use, the actions you take, and the time, frequency and duration of your
activities, to provide you with a more relevant experience, to improve Supplier
Services, to prevent misuse, and to ensure that Supplier Services are working
properly.
We may also record
adjustments you make to Products through Supplier Services. We store this
information along with data collected directly by your Product. If you have
questions about the security and privacy settings of your mobile device, please
refer to instructions from your mobile service provider or the manufacturer of
your device to learn how to adjust your settings.
§
When you use calling function, we will collect
relevant call record information (i.e. the call time and captured images of
persons who makes the call) generated during use of this function, and such
record information will be stored by us for ninety (90) days with restricted
access under strict control mechanisms to prevent any unauthorized access.
§
We
also collect information from and about the devices you use to access Supplier
Services. This includes information like the browser, device name, type of
network, operator you use, device model, system version, language and time zone
of your device.
§
When you use Supplier Services to preview or playback the video,
we will only transmit it, rather than store it.
§
When you use Supplier Services to view the alerts records, and receive
pictures or videos as alerts information, we will process information from your
Products so that we can send you alerts when
there are events tracked. However, we will
only store this information for seven (7) days to enable this function.
§
When you store
video clips in your own SD card, hard disks, etc. of your own devices, you may
use our playback function to view the video, in which case we only transmit
your information, rather than store it.
§
When you use Third Party Services, in general, the corresponding
Third Party Service providers shall collect and process your Personal
Information for providing services only after obtaining your authorization for
permissions or offline consent, specifically, certain permission(s) managed
through Supplier Services, such as products configuration permission and
products sharing permission, may be reserved to such Third Party Service
providers by default to the extent that it is necessary under specific service
situation. You, as the data subject, are suggested to learn about detailed
influences of permissions authorization or reservation as listed in the
Permission Statement, and shall agree with the Third Party Service providers separately
about related data protection obligation.
§
When you use Cloud
Storage Service, please refer to the link at: https://www.guardingvision.com/views/terms/termsOfGVCloudStorageService.html.
§
When you use
the Mobile Apps, we may need to obtain additional permissions from your mobile
device, for example, camera access is needed during the use of Mobile Apps in
order to capture the QR Code
；
when you set internet parameter to connect WIFI, the permission
to access to your location will be required; when you make an emergency call
through the Supplier
Services and want to share your location, the permission to
access to your location will be required as well.
§
Other Personal
Information you provide to us.
3.
How
We Use Your Personal Information
We process your
Personal Information as a controller: (1) to provide Supplier Services
described in Terms of Services; (2) in furtherance of our legitimate interests
in operating Supplier Services and business; and (3) with your consent. In some
cases, we may process your information to comply with applicable law, legal
process, or regulation, e.g. meeting a legal obligation, a court order,
official request or other binding decision(s), such as sharing data with law
enforcement or tax authorities; protect any person from death or serious bodily
injury; or to carry out a task in the public interest.
(1) Examples of our
processing your personal information to provide you Supplier Services include:
a. Providing, processing, maintaining, improving and developing
the Supplier Services.
b. Personalizing your experience with Supplier Services on the
Products.
c. Providing support and responding to your requests and
enquiries.
d. Communicating with you about Supplier Services, your
Products, or addressing any general queries, such as updates, customer support.
f. Sending you reminders, technical notices, updates, alerts,
support and administrative messages, service bulletins, and requested
information.
(2) Examples
of our processing your information in furtherance of our legitimate interests
in operating Supplier Services and business include:
a. For fraud prevention and detection.
b. Increasing the safety of Supplier Services – for example, for
user authentication, security protection, fraud detection, filing, and backups.
c. Analyzing and developing statistical information about the
use of Supplier Services to better improve Supplier Services.
d. Enhancing other information we have about you to help us
better understand you and determine your interests.
e. Protecting our rights or property, enforcing our Terms of
Service and legal notices and for the establishment, exercise and defense of
legal claims.
f. Managing our everyday business needs, such as auditing,
administration of SupplierServices, forum management, fulfilment, analytics,
fraud prevention, and enforcement of our corporate reporting obligations and
Terms of Service.
(3) Examples of our
processing your Personal Information with your consent, include:
a. Contacting to tell you about our Available Services in conjunction
with Products as well as other promotions, which we believe may interest you
unless you advise us that you do not wish to receive marketing or market
research communications from us or unless you have not given us your consent in
line with Applicable Data Protection laws.
b. Collecting feedback or answers to our questionnaires from you
to improve our Services , and develop new features.
4.
Cookies
and Other Technologies
We also use cookies, web beacons, and
other technologies
to keep records,
store your preferences, improve our advertising, and collect information such
as log data and device data.
This allows us to better understand how you
use SupplierServices in conjunction with Products, diagnose and troubleshoot
any problems you’re having, and otherwise administer and improve Supplier
Services. For more information about cookies, please refer to our
Use of Cookies
https://www.
guardingvision.com/views/terms/gv_cookiepolicy.html
.
We may also engage one or more Third Party
Service providers to serve online advertisements on our behalf via Supplier Services.
They may use a pixel tag or other similar technology to collect information
about your visits to sites, and they may use that information to target
advertisements for your Products and Supplier Services.
5.
Personal Information Processed on Your Behalf as a Processor
Where Personal
Information of third party individuals (“Third Party Data”) are collected and
processed via the Products purchased by you, we will process such Third-Party
Data, as a processor, on your behalf.
In particular,
when you use the Product’s recording or streaming features, we record and
process video and/or audio content from the Product which will include Third
Party Data. This includes capturing and emailing to you portions of the Third
Party Data as part of a notification or analyzing the Third Party Data to
identify motion or other events. We process Third Party Data from your Product
so that we can send you alerts when there are events being tracked
and can provide you with emergency call services.
In addition, if you have the recording features enabled, we will capture,
process and retain video and audio recordings from your Product for the
duration of your recording subscription period.
6.
How We Share Your Information
We
do not sell any Personal Information to third parties.
We may share Personal Information with third parties on the basis of
non-disclosure agreements. You hereby consent that we may disclose Personal Information
to these third parties:
§
We share your personal information with our affiliates,
who are required to use that information in accordance with the purposes
described in this Privacy Policy.
§
We use service providers, vendors, technicians and
other third-parties to help us process, store, and protect some of your data
and otherwise help us administer Supplier Services effectively, provide a
better user experience, and increase the quality of Supplier Services. These
third-parties are forbidden from using your Personal Information for purposes
beyond the terms
of this Privacy Policy and are required to protect your information in
accordance with this Privacy Policy and applicable laws.
We may provide
information to third parties if we believe in good faith that we are required
by mandatory law to do so. For example, to comply with legal orders and
government requests; response to a subpoena, or similar legal process,
including but not limited to law enforcement agencies, regulators, and courts;
to protect the interests of our users of Supplier Service; to respond to claims
that any content posted or displayed using Supplier Service violates the rights
of third parties; in an emergency protect the health and safety of users of Supplier
Service or the general public; or to enforce compliance with our Terms of
Service.
If all or part
of our assets are ever sold or transferred, your Personal Information may be
among the items sold or transferred. Under such circumstance, we will notify
you by the email address or phone number specified in your account or by means
of notice on website of (i) the identity and contact information of the
purchaser or transferee, (ii) your right to revoke your consent to the
provision of Personal Information, and (iii) the means by which you may revoke
such consent.
We share
information to protect our own legitimate business interests when we believe in
good faith that we are required or permitted by law to do so. For example, we
may share your Personal Information as needed to support auditing, compliance,
and corporate governance functions; to combat fraud or criminal activity; to
protect our rights or those of our affiliates and Individual Users; or as part
of legal proceedings affecting us.
We may
also disclose non-Personal Information (for example, aggregated or anonymized
data) publicly or with third parties, provided those data have been rendered
anonymous in such a way that the data subject is no longer identifiable. For
example, we may share non-Personal Information:
·
for the same reasons we might share
Personal information;
·
to better understand how users interact
with Supplier Services, in order to optimize your experience, and provide
better services;
·
for our own research and data analytics;
or
·
to our vendors for their own analysis and research.
7.
Securing Your Personal Information
We have
implemented commercially reasonable administrative, technical, and physical
security controls that are designed to safeguard Personal Information. We also
conduct periodic reviews and assessments of the effectiveness of our security
controls.
Notwithstanding
the above, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic
storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee that your Personal Information
is under absolute security with the existing security technology. However, we will
handle personal data breaches as required by applicable data protection law
which includes, where required, notifying the breach to the relevant data
protection supervisory authority and data subjects.
If you
have any questions about the security of Supplier Services, you can contact us
by phone at +86-571-8807-5998 or email
at
support@hikvision.com
.
8.
Your Rights and Retention of Your Personal Information
We
generally store your Personal Information on our servers which is established
upon third party servers, including Amazon Server, until you delete or edit it,
or for as long as you remain an user in order to provide you with the most
relevant offers. Please contact us using the contact details below if you would
like more information about our retention policies.
Keeping
your Personal Information current helps ensure that we provide you with the
most relevant offers. You can access, update or delete your Personal Information
via your Account profile in the Account Management module. We are ready to
assist you in managing your subscriptions, deactivating your account, and
removing your active profile and data. Your Personal Information might not be
immediately deleted, as we are required to retain records relating to previous
purchases through Supplier Services for financial reporting and compliance
reasons pursuant to applicable laws. In addition, because of the way we
maintain certain services, after you delete certain information, we may
temporarily retain backup copies of such information before it is permanently
deleted.
We
will retain your Personal Information for the period necessary to fulfill the
purpose outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is
required or permitted by applicable law.
9.
Social Community Features and Social Networks
Social Community Features
Supplier Services may allow you to publicly post or
share information, communicate with others, or otherwise make information
accessible to others. Prior to doing so, please read our Terms of Service
carefully. All the information you post, share, or communicate may be
accessible to anyone with Internet access, and any personal information you
include may be read, collected, and used by others.
Links to other websites
We may permit others to link to Supplier Services or
to post a link to their website. We do not endorse these websites and are not
responsible for other websites or their privacy practices.  Please
read their privacy policies before submitting information.
10.
Your Choices
We think that you benefit from a more
personalized experience when we know more about you and your preferences.
However, you can limit the information you provide to us as well as the
communications you receive from us through your Account preferences.
Commercial E-mails
You will only receive commercial e-mails
from us if you have granted prior express consent or if sending those e-mails
is otherwise permitted, in accordance with applicable laws.
You may choose not to receive commercial
e-mails from us by following the instructions contained in any of the
commercial e-mails we send or by logging into your Account and adjusting your
e-mail preferences. Please note that even if you unsubscribe from commercial
email messages, we may still e-mail you non-commercial e-mails related to your
Account and your transactions on Supplier Services.
Device Data
You may manage how your mobile device and
mobile browser share certain device data with us by adjusting the privacy and
security settings on your mobile device. Please refer to instructions provided
by your mobile service provider or the manufacturer of your device to learn how
to adjust your settings.
11.
Children’s Privacy
We do not intend that any portion of its Supplier
Services will be accessed or used by children under the age of 18,
or
equivalent minimum age in the relevant jurisdiction
and such use is
prohibited. Supplier Services are designed and intended for adults. By using Supplier
Services, you represent that you are at least 18 years old, or above the equivalent
minimum age in the relevant jurisdiction and understand that you must be at
least 18 years old, or above the equivalent minimum age in the relevant
jurisdiction in order to create an account and purchase the goods or services
advertised through Supplier Services. If we obtain actual knowledge that an
account is associated with a registered user who is under the age of 18 years
old, or equivalent minimum age in the relevant jurisdiction, we will promptly delete
information associated with that account. If you are a parent or guardian of a
child under the age of 18, or equivalent minimum age in the relevant
jurisdiction and believe he or she has disclosed Personal Information to us, please
contact us by phone or email at the relevant Supplier Support information for
your country. A parent or guardian of a child under the age of 18, or
equivalent minimum age in the relevant jurisdiction may review and request
deletion of such child’s Personal Information as well as prohibit the use
thereof.
12. Global
Operations and Data Transfers
We transfer and
process your information globally both in our own facilities and with service
providers, or partners, regardless of where you use our services. As we operate
globally, we may transfer your Personal Information to our affiliates
worldwide, when processing that information for the purposes described in this
Privacy Policy, e.g. if you request for customer services from us, our
colleagues in China may access certain of your information (wherever you are
located) in order to provide the requested services to you. We shall do so in
accordance with the applicable laws. In particular, we will ensure that all
transfers will be in accordance with requirements under your applicable local
data protection laws by putting in place appropriate safeguards. You hereby
agree to transfer the data and you have the right to be informed of the
appropriate safeguards taken by us for this transfer of your Personal
information.
Currently we
have data centers in the U.S., Singapore, Brazil and Ireland. The laws,
regulations, and standards of the country in which your information is stored
or processed may be different from those of your own country. You have
understood that the risks under applicable data protection laws are different
and we may transfer to and store your Personal Information at our overseas
facilities. However, this does not change any of our commitments to safeguard
your Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
13. Contact Us
Please contact Hikvision Europe B.V. registered at
Dirk Storklaan 3, 2132 PX Hoofddorp, the Netherlands if you have any questions
or comments about our privacy practices or this Privacy Policy. You can also
reach us via e-mail at
support@mail.guardingvisionpro.com.
14. Additional Terms
US addendum
If you reside in some states
of the United States, you may have additional privacy rights pursuant to those
state privacy laws. Please find the details in the
Additional State-Specific
Privacy Notice.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.guardingvision.com/views/terms/gv_additionalState-SpecificPrivacyDisclosure.html:
Additional
State-Specific Privacy Disclosure
Last Updated: July 8, 2024
This Additional
State-Specific Privacy Notice (“Notice”) provides additional information to
California residents and Virginia residents whose personal information is
processed by us and our U.S. affiliates (collectively, “Supplier” “we” “us”)
pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended by the
California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (collectively, “CCPA”), and the Virginia
Consumer Data Protection Act (
“
VCDPA”
)
. Any terms defined in the CCPA and
VCDPA have the same meaning when used in this Notice.
This
Notice supplements the
Privacy
Policy
and is applicable to your use of our
Guarding Vision
.
Categories of Personal Information
Collected
During
the preceding 12 months, we have collected the following categories of personal
information:
Categories of Personal Information
:
Business Situation/Function
Types of Data
Our Role
Video preview and play back
Will transmit the encrypted video stream
Processor
Call function
Call time, captured images of persons who makes the call
Account registration
End user’s name, country/region, phone number, e-mail address
  and password
Controller
Tracking
Language setting, country, city, browser type, operating system,
  screen resolution of the end user
Product sharing
The information of shared products, mobile phone number or email
  address of the user receiving the shared products
Product management
Products information, e.g. the products names, ID, products
  serial numbers, IP address, etc
Alert records
Alerts information reported by the products, different products
  capture different data types, which may include timestamps, pictures (URL),
  videos (URL), products serial numbers, event types
Emergency call
Location information
Cloud storage
The encrypted surveillance video and images
Subscription
E-mail address
Categories
of Sensitive Personal Information as Defined in the CCPA:
-      Any
video and/or audio content from the Products which constitutes sensitive data
Please
see the
The Type of Personal Information We Process and Why We Collect it
section of the Privacy Policy for more
details
about
our information collection practices.
Categories
of Sources from Which We Collect Your Personal Information
We may
obtain and combine personal information from different sources:
Provided
directly by you;
Collected
from a device associated with you;
Collected
from another company within our group;
Collected
from a third-party source that process your personal information on your
behalf.
Purposes
for Collecting Personal Information
We may
use your personal information for the purposes described in the
How We
Use Your Personal Information
section of the Privacy Policy and as
provided below:
(1) to
provide Supplier Services described in Terms of Services; (2) in furtherance of
our legitimate interests in operating Supplier Services and business; and (3) in
some cases, we may process your information to comply with applicable law,
legal process, or regulation, e.g. meeting a legal obligation, a court order,
official request or other binding decision(s), such as sharing data with law
enforcement or tax authorities; protect any person from death or serious bodily
injury; or to carry out a task in the public interest.
We only
use and disclose sensitive personal information for the purposes permitted by
the CCPA.
Sales
of Personal Information
We do
not and will not sell the personal information we collect for purposes of the
CCPA. And during the 12-month period prior to the Last Updated date of this
Notice, we have not sold any personal information.
Sharing
of Personal Information
We do
not share your personal information for cross-context behavioral advertising,
as defined in the CCPA. And during the 12-month period prior to the Last
Updated date of this Notice, we have not shared any personal information for
cross-context behavioral advertising.
We do
not knowingly share, for cross-context behavioral advertising, the personal
information of consumers under 16 years of age. For more information about
treatment of children’s personal information, see the
Privacy
Policy
.
Disclosure
of Personal Information for Business Purpose
We may
disclose your personal information to third parties (e
.
g. service
providers) for business purpose, as described in the
Privacy
Policy
. During the 12-month period prior to the Last Updated date of
this Notice, we may have disclosed, for business purpose, your personal
information with certain categories of third parties as described in the
How
We Share Your Personal Information
section of the Privacy Policy and
disclosed below:
Device
and online identifiers
Location
information
Personal
identifiers
CCPA Retention
Disclosure
We store
your personal information for as long as necessary to provide Supplier Services,
verify your identify, respond to your requests or questions, or fulfill the
purposes stated in the Privacy Policy, unless otherwise requested by you or
permitted by law.
VCDPA De-Identified Data Disclosure
We may use de-identified data in some
instances. We either maintain such data without attempting to re-identify it or
treat such data as personal data subject to applicable law.
Your Rights
You may
have certain rights under the CCPA or VCDPA, including to:
·
request
information about our collection of your personal information and provide the
specific pieces of personal information that we have collected in a portable
way;
·
access
your personal information in a portable format;
·
correct
your inaccurate personal information;
·
delete
your personal information.
To exercise your rights, please submit
your request by any one of the following methods:
·
Email:
Legal.usa@hikvision.com
·
Toll-Free
Telephone Number: 1-866- 200-6690
·
Mailing
Address: 18639 Railroad St, City of Industry, CA 91748
·
Feedback
Channel on Mobile App: Guarding Vision-“Me”-“Feedback”
Depending
on your data choice,
some of the functionality and features available to
you may change or no longer be available to you.
Once we
receive your request, we may verify it by requesting information sufficient to
confirm your identity.
For California residents, if you would
like to use an authorized agent to exercise your rights, we may request evidence
that the agent has valid written authority to submit requests to exercise
rights on your behalf. We reserve the right to deny requests in certain
circumstances permitted by applicable laws, such as where we have a reasonable
belief that the request is fraudulent. We will notify you with reasons for the
denial. In the event that you desire to appeal a denial decision on your
request, you may contact us with any of the contact methods indicated in the
Contact
Us.
We will
not discriminate against you for exercising your rights and choices under the
CCPA.
If you
have any questions about this Notice or need to access it in an alternative
format due to having a disability, please contact
Legal.usa@hikvision.com or
1-866-200-6690 (Toll-Free)
.