Privacy Policy
Last updated May 4, 2023
TeamReach LLC ("us", "we", or "our") operates the TeamReach mobile application (the "Service") for you, the User ("you", "your" or "User"). This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal information when you use our Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to, your email address, name, phone number ("Personal Information"). We collect this information for the purpose of providing the Service, identifying you in our system, communicating with you, responding to your requests and inquiries, servicing your account, and improving our services.
By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms of Service.
LOG DATA
When you access the Service by or through a mobile device, we may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device at the time of connection, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, the referring source, landing page and other statistics ("Log Data") that allow us to operate and optimize the Service for your use.
Log Data is information your browser automatically reports when you visit a web page or access an application. Log Data may be gathered and reported by your device when the contents of a website or application is downloaded through your browser or to your device. In addition, we reserve the right to use third party services to collect, monitor and analyze this information, measure traffic and usage trends in order to increase our Service's functionality and responsiveness for the User. This analytics information is combined with analytics information from other Users in a form not reasonably used to identify an individual User.
Please see the section regarding Location Information below regarding the use of your location information and your options.
LOCATION INFORMATION
In order to make the Service more robust with the features our Service provides to the User, we may use and store information about your location depending on the permissions you have set on your device. We use this information to provide features of our Service, such as meetings, event locations, and weather conditions to improve and customize our Service. You may enable or disable your location services when you use our Service at anytime, by your choice in your mobile device settings.
COOKIES
We reserve the right to use Cookies, web beacons, and pixels to collect information in order to improve our services for you, which are files with a small amount of data that may include an anonymous unique identifier. You may instruct your browser to refuse all cookies, to indicate when a cookie is being sent to your device, or to block cookies. Please consult the "Help" feature on your browser to obtain information on how your Internet browser and mobile device accepts cookies, disables cookies or notifies you when receiving a new cookie. However, please be aware that you may not be able to use all of the features of our Service if you do not accept cookies.
DO NOT TRACK DISCLOSURE
We support your choice to use Do Not Track ("DNT") features of your mobile device. Do Not Track is a preference you may set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked. You may enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your mobile device and web browser. For more information this, visit the Do No Track web page (http://www.donottrack.us)
SERVICE PROVIDERS
From time to time, we may employ the services of third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service, to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services and/or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used. These third parties may require access to your Personal Information to perform specific tasks on our behalf, and these third parties are obligated not to disclose or use your information for any other purpose.
BEHAVIORAL REMARKETING
We reserve the right to use remarketing services to advertise with third party web sites to you after you visited our Service. We may use cookies with a third party vendor to inform, optimize and serve ads based on your past visits to our Service. Some examples of third party remarketing services that we may use for this purpose are:
•    Google -  Google AdWords remarketing service is provided by Google Inc. You can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize the Google Display Network ads by visiting the Google Ads Settings page (http://www.google.com/settings/ads). Google also recommends installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on (https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout) for your web browser. Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on provides visitors with the ability to prevent their data from being collected and used by Google Analytics. For more information Google's privacy practices, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms page (http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/).
•    Facebook -  Facebook remarketing service is provided by Facebook Inc.  For more information on the privacy practices of Facebook, please visit Facebook's Data Policy: (https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation). Learn more about interest-based advertising practices from visiting Facebook on their web page (https://www.facebook.com/help/164968693837950).  To opt-out from Facebook's interest-based ads, you should follow the instructions available from Facebook on their web page (https://www.facebook.com/about/ads/#568137493302217). Facebook adheres the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising established by the Digital Advertising Alliance. You can also opt-out from Facebook and other participating companies through the Digital Advertising Alliance in the USA (http://www.aboutads.info/choices/), the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada in Canada (http://youradchoices.ca/) or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance in Europe (http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/), or opt-out using your mobile device settings to refuse or block ads.
COMMUNICATIONS
We may use your Personal Information to contact you, by use of newsletters, marketing or promotional materials, to provide you information that may be of interest to you. If these communications are sent via your email information, you may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send. If you delete our application from your mobile device, you may still receive communications via text message and/or email from us. We recommend that you both 'unsubscribe' and delete the application Service from your mobile device, if you want to stop receiving our communications.
COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS
Where required to do so by law or in response to a subpoena or if we believe that such action is necessary to comply with the law and the reasonable requests of law enforcement or to protect the security or integrity of our Service, we will disclose your Personal Information.
BUSINESS TRANSACTION
If TeamReach LLC chooses to engage in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, your Personal Information may be transferred as a business asset. In such cases, we will provide notice.
SECURITY
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, and we strive to implement and maintain security procedures and practices that are reasonable for our Service, commercially acceptable, and appropriate to the nature of the information we gather, in order to protect it from unauthorized access, destruction, use, modification, or disclosure. Please be aware that no method of transmission when you are sending over the Internet, while using wired or wireless connections or cellular services or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. By using our Service, you agree that you understand and accept the risks associated with the security of all Personal Information that you transmit and that we collect from you.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFER
Your information, including your Personal Information, may be transferred to and maintained on computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction. If you are located outside United States, your agree that, if you use of our Service and provide your personal information to us, you consent to that information being transferred, including Personal Information, to us in the United States and for us to process it here. Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your full acceptance and agreement to the transfer of this information.
LINKS TO OTHER SITES
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site.
We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit. We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
Our Service is provided for the use of person’s age thirteen years or older (13+) who have permission to download and access our Service. If you are a parent or guardian of a child under the age of 13 and you learn that your child has downloaded and provided us with Personal Information, you may contact us to disable or terminate the account.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time. This Privacy Policy is effective as of the date identified under the heading "Privacy Policy", and it will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted by us. You may check this Privacy Policy periodically for updates. By continuing to use the Service after any update to the Privacy Policy, you agree to accept the modifications and you give your consent to abide by and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy in effect at that time.
ACCOUNT DELETION
Please send an email to support@teamreach.com to request complete removal of your account from the TeamReach system. When your account information is removed from the system, all of your personal account information will be removed and will not be recoverable. Your account data will be completely removed from all archive and backup systems within 30 days.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us, in writing:
TeamReach, LLC
Attn: Privacy Policy
1305 East 15th Street, Suite 200
Tulsa, OK 74120