Languages
Canada/French
Chinese
Danish
Deutsch
Dutch
Finnish
French
Greek
Hungarian
Italian
Japanese
Korean
Norsk
Polski
Portuguese
Romanian
Russian
Spanish
Svenska
Turkish
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: Jan 2025
GE HealthCare Technologies Inc. and its subsidiaries (“Affiliates”) respect your concerns about privacy. References in this Privacy Policy to “GE HealthCare”, “we”, “us”, and “our” are references to the entity responsible for the processing of your personal information, which generally is the entity that obtains your personal information.
This Privacy Policy applies to the personal information we obtain through the GE HealthCare’s properties, including websites, mobile applications and social media pages that reference this Privacy Policy (“Online Channels”); offline collection in connection with sales, marketing, partner and supplier engagement (“Offline Channels”); and third-party sources, including ad networks and lead brokers in accordance with applicable law (collectively, the “Channels”). This Privacy Policy does not apply to personal information obtained through our Careers website, which is subject to the Candidate Privacy Notice available
here
, or to products and services that post separate privacy policies.
This Privacy Policy describes the types of personal information we obtain through the Channels, how we may use that personal information, with whom we may share it, and how you may exercise your rights regarding our processing of the information. The Privacy Policy also describes the measures we take to safeguard the personal information we obtain and how you can contact us about our privacy practices.
The Online Channels may provide links to other third-party websites and features, or contain third-party cookies, that are not owned or controlled by GE HealthCare. Please review the privacy policies of these third parties to familiarize yourself with their practices. You may also exercise your choices regarding third-party cookies using our Cookie Consent Tool by clicking on “Cookies” at the bottom of the page.
Click on one of the links below to jump to the listed section:
Personal Information We Obtain
Cookies and Similar Technologies
How We Use Personal Information
Personal Information Sharing
Data Transfers
Your Choices
How We Protect Personal Information Transmission
Retention of Personal Information
Additional Information & Jurisdiction Specific Notices
Notice to residents of Mainland China
Notice to California residents
Notice Regarding Joint Use of Personal Data Under the Personal Information Protection Act of Japan
Personal Data Processing Policy in Russia/ПОЛОЖЕНИЕ О ПОРЯДКЕ ОБРАБОТКИ ПЕРСОНАЛЬНЫХ ДАННЫХ
Notice to residents of Brazil
Notice to residents of South Africa
Children’s Personal Information
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
How To Contact Us
Personal Information We Obtain
We may obtain personal information through the Channels. The types of personal information we may obtain include:
contact information (such as name, phone and fax number, email and postal address) for you or for others (e.g., principals in your business);
information used to create your online account (such as username, password and security question and answer);
biographical and demographic information (such as date of birth, age, gender, job title/position, marital status and dependent, spousal and other family information);
purchase and customer service history;
financial information (such as payment information, including name, billing address and payment card details (i.e., card number, expiration date and security code); bank account information; financial statements; income; and credit score);
location data (such as data derived from your IP address, country and zip code) and the precise geolocation of your mobile device where we have provided notice and choice, as appropriate;
audio, electronic, or visual information;
contact information you provide about friends or other people you would like us to contact;
inferences about you, including about your preferences;
clickstream data and other information about your online activities (such as information about your devices, browsing actions and usage patterns), including across the Online Channels and third-party websites, that we obtain through the use of cookies, web beacons, tracking script, and similar technologies (see our Cookie Consent Tool); and
other personal information contained in content you submit to us (such as through our “
Contact Us
” feature).
In connection with our  financial services products, we may obtain government-issued ID numbers and Tax ID numbers, such as U.S. Social Security numbers.
We use third-party web analytics services in connection with the Online Channels, including Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics, N.Rich and Marketo, which use cookies, cookieless and similar technologies to collect data (such as IP addresses) to evaluate use of and interaction with the Online Channels. (You may learn about Google’s advertising features, including Google Analytics’ currently available opt-out mechanisms
here
. To learn more about these and other analytics services and how to opt out, please select the Cookie link available at the bottom of the page).
Please note that providing personal information to us is voluntary on your part. If you choose not to provide us certain information, we may not be able to offer you certain products and services, and you may not be able to access certain features of the Online Channels.
Cookies and Similar Technologies
Like most companies, GE HealthCare uses cookies and similar technologies (“cookies”) on our websites to personalize and enhance your experience on our sites.
How We Use Cookies
Cookies contain small amounts of information which are downloaded to your device when you visit our website.  Cookies are sent back to our website to allow us to recognize your device.
Strictly necessary Cookies are required for the operation of the websites. They help enable core functionality such as network management and accessibility. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but this may cause some parts of our websites not to work.
Functional and Performance Cookies help us measure the websites’ performance and improve your experience.
Marketing and Personalization Cookies track visitor activity and sessions so that we can deliver a more personalized experience. We use marketing cookies to display personalized advertisements on other websites you may visit to deliver relevant content and measure the effectiveness of our marketing investments and to send you personalized communications.
Analytics Cookies measure how you use our websites so we may continually improve them. For example, these cookies allow us to recognize and count the number of visitors to our websites and see which pages visitors view.
Making Cookie Choices
You may see the list of GE HealthCare and selected third-party cookies on our website and make choices about those cookies by visiting our Cookie Consent Tool, by clicking on “Cookies” at the bottom of the page. In addition to our Cookie Consent Tool, most browsers allow you to manage cookie preferences. If you decide to disable cookies on our website, you may not be able to take full advantage of all our website features once you have done so. Except for cookies that are essential to the operation of this website (
Essential Cookies
), you may make choices about the cookies on this website. Please note that if you choose to manage cookies on our websites, the Cookie Consent Tool will place a cookie on your device to allow your choices to be honored.
Sharing Tools
To enhance your experience on our websites, we sometimes embed content and sharing tools from other third-party sites, such as “like” buttons from social networking sites; these third-party sites may also place and access cookies on your device. GE HealthCare does not control the placement or access of these third-party cookies. The third parties can be found in our Cookie Consent Tool. Please review the privacy policies of these third parties to familiarize yourself with their practices. You may exercise choices regarding third party cookies using our Cookie Consent Tool, by clicking on “Cookies” at the bottom of the page.
How We Use Personal Information
We may use the personal information we obtain to:
provide and administer our products and services;
execute and perform agreement with our partners, clients and suppliers;
process and fulfill orders and keep you informed about the status of your order;
communicate about and administer our products, services, events, programs and promotions (such as by sending alerts, promotional materials, newsletters and other marketing communications, including personalized communications, through various channels, including live chat);
conduct and facilitate surveys, sweepstakes, contests, focus groups and market research initiatives;
perform data analytics (such as market research, trend analysis, financial analysis and customer segmentation);
engage in ad retargeting and evaluate the effectiveness of our marketing efforts (including through our participation in ad networks);
provide customer support through various channels, including live chat;
process, evaluate and respond to requests, inquiries and applications;
create, administer and communicate with you about your account (including any purchases and payments);
administer and register participants in our courses, webinars and trainings;
provide investor services;
conduct marketing and sales activities (including generating leads, pursuing marketing prospects, performing market research, developing and training internal tools to better know you, determining and managing the effectiveness of our advertising and marketing campaigns and managing our brand);
operate, evaluate and improve our business (such as by administering, enhancing and improving our products and services; developing new products, services and Online Channels; managing our communications and customer relationships; improving our knowledge of our customers, and performing accounting, auditing, billing, reconciliation and collection activities);
verify your identity and protect against and prevent fraud and other unlawful activity, unauthorized transactions, claims and other liabilities, and manage risk exposure and quality;
conduct investigations and comply with and enforce applicable legal requirements, relevant industry standards, contractual obligations and our policies and terms (such as this Privacy Policy and other Online Channels terms of use); and
maintain and enhance the safety and security of our products, services, Online Channels, network services, information resources and employees.
We may combine personal information we obtain through Online Channels with information we obtain through Offline Channels, as well as other information, for the purposes described above. We may anonymize or aggregate personal information and use it for the purposes described above and for other purposes to the extent permitted by applicable law. We also may use personal information for additional purposes that we identify at the time of collection. We will obtain your consent for these additional uses to the extent required by applicable law.
Where required by applicable law, we will obtain your consent for the processing of your personal information for direct marketing purposes.
The legal basis for GE HealthCare processing your personal information as described above will typically be one of the following:
Your consent;
Performance of a contract with you or a relevant party;
Our legitimate business interests; or
Compliance with our legal obligations.
Personal Information Sharing
We do not sell or otherwise disclose personal information about you except as described here or at the time of collection.
We may share personal information within the GE HealthCare Affiliates for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
We may share personal information with service providers we have retained to perform services on our behalf (such as payment processing, order fulfillment, customer support and data analytics). These service providers are contractually required to safeguard the information provided to them and are restricted from using or disclosing such information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or to comply with legal requirements.
We may share personal information with our joint marketing partners and other business partners for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
We may disclose personal information about you (1) if we are required or permitted to do so by applicable law or legal process (such as a court order or subpoena), (2) to law enforcement authorities or other government officials to comply with a legitimate legal request, (3) when we believe disclosure is necessary to prevent physical harm or financial loss, (4) to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights, (5) in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual fraud or illegal activity or (6) otherwise with your consent.
We reserve the right to transfer to relevant third-parties any information we have about you in the event of a potential or actual sale or transfer of all or a portion of our business or assets (including in the event of a merger, acquisition, joint venture, reorganization, divestiture, dissolution or liquidation) or other business combination. In such case, we will require the relevant third parties to provide comparable levels of protection as GE HealthCare and its Affiliates provides with respect to the information we share.
Data Transfers
We may transfer the personal information we collect through the Channels to, and store such data in, other countries, including the U.S., which may have different data protection laws than the country in which the information was provided. If we do so, we will transfer the personal information only for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. To the extent required by applicable law, when we transfer your personal information to recipients in other countries, we will take measures to protect that information. GE HealthCare and its Affiliates have entered into Intragroup Agreement and Binding Corporate Rules for Processors governing our handling of personal information of residents of the European Union. For further information about GE HealthCare’s Binding Corporate Rules, please click
here
.
GE HealthCare’s privacy practices, described in this Privacy Policy, comply with the APEC Cross Border Privacy Rules (CBPR) system. The APEC CBPR system provides a framework for organizations to ensure protection of personal information transferred among participating APEC economies. More information about the APEC framework can be found
here
.
Your Choices
We offer you certain choices in connection with the personal information we obtain about you. To update your preferences, limit the communications you receive from us or submit a request, please contact us as specified in the
How To Contact Us
section of this Privacy Policy.
You also may exercise choice over how information about your interests is used by ad networks to deliver you relevant advertising. To learn how to opt out of ad network interest-based advertising in the United States, please visit
Digital Advertising Alliance
, and the
Network Advertising Initiative
. In the European Union, please visit
European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance
. In Canada, to consent to receiving electronic communications, please visit GE HealthCare Canada Anti-spam Legislation
page
and, to learn how to opt out of receiving electronic communications, please fill this
form
. The Online Channels are not designed to respond to “do not track” signals received from web browsers.
To the extent provided by the law of your jurisdiction, you may have the right to (1) access certain personal information we process about you and request details of that processing; (2) request that we update, correct, amend, erase, or restrict your personal information; or (3) exercise your right to data portability. Where provided by law, you may withdraw consent you previously provided to us or object at any time to the processing of your personal information on legitimate grounds relating to your particular situation, and we will apply your preferences going forward as appropriate. To request to exercise these rights, please contact us as indicated in the
How To Contact Us
section of this Privacy Policy. For more information, please see the “Individual Rights” section of our Binding Corporate Rules for Processor
here
. To help protect your privacy and maintain security, we may take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to the information. To the extent permitted by applicable law, a charge may apply before we provide you with a copy of any of your personal information that we maintain. Depending on your location
and/or applicable data protection law
, you may have the right to file a complaint with a
the relevant data protection authority/government regulator, particularly
if you are not satisfied with our response
and/or if you are aggrieved by our decision, action or inaction in violation of applicable data protection law
. GE HealthCare endeavors to respond to complaints within thirty days of receipt.
How We Protect Personal Information Transmission
We maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards, consistent with legal requirements where the personal information was obtained, designed to protect against unlawful or unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration, use or disclosure of, or access to, the personal information provided to us through the Channels.
Retention of Personal Information
To the extent permitted by applicable law, we retain personal information we obtain about you as long as (1) it is needed for the purposes for which we obtained it, in accordance with the provisions of this Privacy Policy or (2) we have another lawful basis, stated in this Privacy Policy or at the point of collection, for retaining that information beyond the period for which it is necessary to serve the original purpose for obtaining the personal information.
Additional Information & Jurisdiction Specific Notices
Notice to residents of Mainland China
Notice to California residents
Notice Regarding Joint Use of Personal Data Under the Personal Information Protection Act of Japan
Personal Data Processing Policy in Russia/ПОЛОЖЕНИЕ О ПОРЯДКЕ ОБРАБОТКИ ПЕРСОНАЛЬНЫХ ДАННЫХ
Notice to residents of Brazil
Notice to residents of South Africa
Children’s Personal Information
The Online Channels are designed for a general audience and are not directed to children as per applicable law. We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from children as per applicable law through the Online Channels. If we become aware that we have collected personal information from a child under as per applicable law, we will promptly delete the information from our records. If you believe that a child may have provided us with personal information, please contact us as specified in the
How To Contact Us
section of this Privacy Policy.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may be updated periodically and without prior notice to you to reflect changes in our information practices. We will indicate at the top of this Privacy Policy when it was most recently updated.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy or if you would like us to update information we have about you or your preferences, please fill the form
here
, directly reach out to us using the list of privacy contacts below or write to us at:
Attn: Chief Privacy Officer, GL&P Department
GE HealthCare
500 W. Monroe St., 16th Floor
Chicago, IL 60661
United States
E-mail:
gehc.privacy@gehealthcare.com
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third-party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
.
For a list of privacy contacts, click
here
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.gehealthcare.com/-/jssmedia/gehc/us/files/privacy-policy/gehccaliforniaonlineprivacypolicyfinal.pdf?rev=9e64afdab36541088b97048ee5280743:
