TERMS & CONDITIONS
Know your rights.
Home
»
website details
»
terms conditions
TERMS & CONDITIONS
As a visitor to this site, you agree to be bound by these terms and conditions.
These terms and conditions, and any contract formed between you and JF Dunne Insurances Limited is governed by, and is to be construed in accordance with, Irish Law and both you and JF Dunne Insurances Limited submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Irish Courts.
Reasonable Care:
JF Dunne Insurances Limited has taken every care whilst producing the information and materials contained in this website but, as far as the governing law allows JF Dunne Insurances Limited make no representation of warranty, either express or implied, as to the accuracy of the information or materials contained in this website at any time. To verify any part of the information or materials, you should contact JF Dunne Insurances Limited before relying on it.
Disclaimer:
The content of this website (“Website”) is the copyright of JF Dunne Insurances Limited and its associated companies.
You may download, store and use the material for your own personal use and research. You may not republish, retransmit, redistribute or otherwise make the material available to any other party or make the same available on any website, on-line service or bulletin board of your own or of any other party or make the same available in hard copy or on any other media without JF Dunne Insurances Limited express prior written consent.
The Website is designed for the information of readers only and readers should not act on any of the information contained on the Website without seeking professional advice. Nothing on this Website constitutes advice, nor does the transmission, downloading or sending of any information or the Material create any contractual relationship.
Links to third party websites are provided as a convenience to the reader; JF Dunne Insurances Limited does not control and is not responsible for any of those websites or their content.
JF Dunne Insurances Limited accepts no liability or responsibility whatsoever for any loss or damage suffered by any user of the information contained on or accessed through this Website or the Material downloaded from the Website. By continuing to use this Website you are deemed to accept the above terms and conditions.
News Content:
The News articles shown on our site are not necessarily the opinion or views of JF Dunne Insurances Limited
Links
JF Dunne Insurances Limited accepts no responsibility or liability for the content of any third party websites linked to this site.
Information Changes:
JF Dunne Insurances Limited may make changes without prior notice or obligation to update content within this website.
Legality:
If any part of this Legal Notice shall be deemed by a court of law to be unenforceable, unlawful or void, then that part shall be deemed severable from this Legal Notice. Any such severance shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining part or parts of this Legal Notice.
Security of trading over the Internet
Transactions over the Internet may be subject to interruption, transmission blackout, delayed transmission due to Internet traffic or incorrect data transmission due to the public nature of the Internet. JF Dunne Insurances Limited is unable to guarantee the confidentiality or security of any data passing via this website. Accordingly, your use of this website is at your own risk.
Privacy Statement:
This statement relates to our privacy practices in connection with this website. We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of other websites. Any external links to other websites are clearly identifiable as such.
J.F Dunne Insurances Ltd fully respects your right to privacy, and will not collect any personal information on this website without your clear permission.
Any personal information volunteered will be treated with the highest standards of security and confidentiality, strictly in accordance with the Data Protection Acts, 1988 and 2003, the European Communities (Electronic Communications Networks and Services) (Data Protection and Privacy Regulations), 2003 (as amended).
We, as data controller, will keep the information you provide about yourself and about third parties confidential. We many use it to advise on, provide and administer insurance products and financial services provided by us. We will process this information and store it on our computer and manual record systems.  Please note that we record all telephone calls to and from our offices.
Security
We have numerous internal procedures as well as computer interfaced protective barriers to keep your information as safe and secure as we possibly can. We cannot, however, guarantee the privacy or confidentiality of any information, whether or not relating to you as the user, passing over the Internet via non-secured email.
We may occasionally update this Privacy Statement. We encourage you to periodically review this Statement to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. Your continued use of this service constitutes your agreement to this Privacy Statement and any updates.
Cookies
This website uses “cookie” technology. A cookie is a small piece of data or a small text file stored by the browser on your computer, at the request of our server. We may use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests and to save your personal preferences so you do not have to re-enter them each time you connect to our website – our cookies are not available to other websites.  In particular cookies enable us:
to measure visitor traffic to our website and their usage patterns
to store information about your preferences, and so allow us to customise our website according to your individual interests
to speed up your searches
to recognise you when you return to our website.
The table below explains the cookies we use and why:
Cookie
Name
Purpose
More Information
Google Analytics
_utma
_utmb
_utmc
_utmz
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited.
Click here for an overview of privacy at Google
Online form session cookie
ASP.NET_SessionId
This cookie is created when a user connects to an ASP.NET application and will expire when the user closes their browser. This cookie is essential for use of forms on our site to store the session id of the user’s current session.
Visit the Microsoft website
Accessibility/ contrast stylesheets
css
This cookie is used to remember which accessibility/contrast/standard style sheet the user prefers. The website checks this cookie when the page loads up and displays the page using which stylesheet the user last used.
Session cookie
.ASPXUSERCMS
This cookie is used to contain information about the session when the user logs in.
Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit
www.allaboutcookies.org
.
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit
http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
.
Disabling Cookies
You are always free to decline such cookies, if your browser permits, or to ask your browser to indicate when a cookie is being sent. You can also delete cookie files from your computer at your discretion. Please see links to the following websites for the procedures to follow to manage and delete cookies on your computer:
How to delete cookies in Microsoft Internet Explorer 8, 9 or 10
How to delete cookies in Mozilla Firefox
How to delete cookies in Google Chrome
How to delete cookies in Opera
Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"), to gather statistics on our website. The statistics we gather help us to provide a better web service for the visitors. For more information on Google Analytics, please visit
Google's website
.
Google Analytics uses cookies to define user sessions, as well as to provide a number of key features in the Google Analytics reports. This means that the cookies are linked to our website domain(s), and we will only use that cookie data for statistical analysis related to your browsing behaviour on our websites. If you choose, you can opt out by turning off cookies in the preferences settings in your browser. You can opt-out from being tracked by Google Analytics by downloading and installing Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on for your current web browser: Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on
Links to external sites
Articles on our website may occasionally include some useful links to other third party sites that are not related to jfd.ie or maintained by J.F.Dunne Insurances Ltd. Please be aware that once you click to one of these sites, you are subject to that site's privacy policy and not to ours. You may wish to review the privacy policy for each site you visit.
PRIVACY POLICY FOR THE J.F.DUNNE DAILY VEHICLE CHECK APPLICATION
This privacy policy governs your use of the software application J.F.DUNNE DAILY VEHICLE CHECK (“Application”) for mobile devices that was created by J.F.DUNNE INSURANCES LTD. The Application, for use in the Republic of Ireland, is designed to provide our client with a mobile product that allows the recording of the daily inspection of the condition of passenger transport vehicle(s) in accordance with the guidelines issued by the Health & Safety Authority, Road Safety Authority and An Garda Siochana under their Vehicle Safety Checks.
What information does the Application obtain and how is it used?
User Provided Information
The Application obtains the information you provide when you download and register the Application.  You will not be able to use the Application unless you register with us.
When you register with us and use the Application, you will need to email us at insure@jfd.ie and provide us with Your Name, Client ID, Company Name, Drivers Licence Type, Mobile phone number and the email address that you want the daily vehicle check reports sent.  If you wish to have the Application set up on your drivers/employees phones they too will need to download the Application and you will need to provide us with drivers name, date of birth, licence type, email address and mobile phone number.
We may also use the information you provided us to contact your from time to time to provide you with important information, required notices and marketing promotions.
Automatically Collected Information
In addition, the Application may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile devices unique device ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browsers you use, and information about the way you use the Application.
Does the Application collect precise real time location information of the device?
This Application does not collect precise information about the location of your mobile device.
Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application?
Only aggregated, anonymised data is periodically transmitted to external services to help us improve the Application and our service. We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement.
We may disclose User Provided and Automatically Collected Information: as required by law, such as to comply with a court order, or similar legal process; when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request; with our trusted services providers who work on our behalf, do not have an independent use of the information we disclose to them, and have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this privacy statement; if J.F.Dunne Insurances Ltd is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of this information, as well as any choices you may have regarding this information.
What are my opt-out rights?
You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling the Application. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network. You can also request to opt-out via email, at insure@jfd.ie and we will de-activate your Application Account
Data Retention Policy, Managing Your Information
We will retain User Provided data for as long as you use the Application and for a reasonable time thereafter. We will retain Automatically Collected information for up to 24 months and thereafter may store it in aggregate. If you’d like us to delete User Provided Data that you have provided via the Application, please contact us at insure@jfd.ie and we will respond in a reasonable time. Please note that some or all of the User Provided Data may be required in order for the Application to function properly.
Children
We do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us at insure@jfd.ie  We will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time.
Security
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorised employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Application. Please be aware that, although we endeavour to provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy here and informing you via email or text message. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes. You can check the history of this policy by clicking here.
Your Consent
By using the Application, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. "Processing,” means using cookies on a computer/hand held device or using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information, all of which activities will take place in the European Union.
Contact us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at insure@jfd.ie
CATEGORIES
TERMS & CONDITIONS
GLOSSARY & FAQ
SITEMAP
PRIVACY NOTICE
Contact
T:
+353 45 878500
F:
+353 45 876151
E:
insure@jfd.ie
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html:
marketingplatform.google.com uses cookies from Google to deliver and enhance the quality of its services and to analyze traffic.
Learn more
.
OK, got it
Google is committed to advancing racial equity for Black communities.
See how.
Faster, smarter marketing
Introducing Google Marketing Platform, a unified advertising and analytics platform for smarter marketing and better results.
Sign in to Google Marketing Platform
Sign in to Google Marketing Platform
Easy-to-use tools for small businesses
Get free tools to make the most of your marketing, from site and app analytics to intuitive testing and more.
See small-business solutions
Advanced solutions for large enterprises
Make deeper customer connections to drive better marketing results with a complete set of advertising and analytics solutions.
See enterprise solutions
Our Adidas teams
work together in one environment
where we can see audience insights, what creative we’re running and where, how it’s performing, and make changes almost in real time.
Chris Murphy
,
          Head of Digital Experience,
              Adidas
GMP_Logo_analytics
Analytics
Understand your customers so you can deliver better experiences.
Learn more about Analytics
Analytics
Understand your customers so you can deliver better experiences.
Tag Manager
Manage all your tags without editing code.
Campaign Manager 360
Get a complete view of all your digital media campaigns.
Display & Video 360
Reach today’s always-connected audiences wherever they are.
Search Ads 360
Get real-time data and unified insights for your search campaigns.
1
Bain report: How top brands grow with timely customer connections.
New research from Bain shows how leading marketers are using platform integrations and technology to boost customer engagement by delivering more relevant experiences in the moment.
Read more
Case Study
Deckers Brands drives business growth with Google Marketing Platform and Google Cloud
Read more
Feature Brief
Control how data is used in Google Analytics
Read more
Guide
Meeting the data challenge with Google Marketing Platform and Google Cloud
Read more
1
See all resources
Let’s partner up.
Whether you’re looking for help with a single project or a bigger, long-term partnership, Google Marketing Platform Partners have the resources and expertise you need to help you achieve more with your marketing.
Find a partner
Help when you need it.
We’re here to support you every step of the way, whether you use a single product or the entire Google Marketing Platform.
Get support
Sub-policy 1
https://www.jfd.ie/website-details/privacy-notice:
PRIVACY NOTICE
Home
»
website details
»
privacy notice
PRIVACY NOTICE
1.  INTRODUCTION
This Privacy Notice covers the information practices of JF Dunne Insurances Limited. JF Dunne Insurances Limited is a member of the Howden Broking Group and is a Data Controller in its own right:
Data Controller
J.F.Dunne Insurances Ltd
Registered Number
146126
Registered Address
Embassy Office Park, Kill, Co Kildare
We have appropriate safeguards in place, in accordance with our data protection obligations, for the protection of any Personal Data which we process. Our security controls are aligned to industry standards and good practice, providing a control environment that effectively manages risks to the confidentiality, integrity and availability of your information. Additionally, we ensure that our staff remain aware of our data protection obligations and are required to undertaken annual training and testing. We take the protection of your privacy and the confidentiality of your personal information (“Personal Data”) seriously. This Notice sets out how we meet our obligations regarding data protection and the rights of our customers, prospective customers, and former customers (“Data Subjects”) in respect of their Personal Data as defined under relevant data protection legislation (including the Data Protection Acts of 1998, 2003 and 2018 [“the DPA”], the General Data Protection Regulation effective from 25 May 2018 [“the Regulation”] and any subsequent data protection legislation).
The Regulation defines Personal Data as any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (a Data Subject); an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier, or by one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural, or social identity of that natural person.
JF Dunne Insurances Limited is committed not only to the letter of the law, but also to the spirit of the law and places high importance on the correct, lawful, and fair handling of all Personal Data, respecting the legal rights, privacy, and trust of all individuals with whom we deal.
This Privacy Notice should be read in conjunction with our Cookie Policy and the Terms and Conditions of Use of any of the JF Dunne Insurances Limited websites you access. Any information you provide about you, and, where applicable, others, within any website operated by JF Dunne Insurances Limited will be processed as set out in this Privacy Policy.
2. ASSESSING PRIVACY RISK
We have identified the Personal Data types that we process and the methods by which we process such Personal Data. We have assessed the inherent risk associated with each particular data type and process and have in place practices and controls to minimise the risks of loss or damage through accident, negligence or deliberate actions. As well as reviewing this internally we also consider the processing activities of those third parties with whom we share data in order to meet our obligations to customers, staff, insurers, and those individuals that we deal with in our day-to-day activities.
3. HOW WE WILL COLLECT INFORMATION ABOUT YOU
We will collect information from you, your agents or representatives, as well as information received from:
insurers      and their agents;
your      employer (where appropriate);
generally      available sources such as information about you in the public domain (for      example information on directors held at Companies House), online and from      third party data processors (provided that it is fair to do so); and
searches      that we undertake in relation to sanctions, money laundering, and credit      checks.
This will include data that you input into our webpages, whether this is in relation to raising an enquiry with us, obtaining a quotation (even if this process is discontinued before being finished), or requesting documentation.
The information obtained could include; your name, contact details (including address and e-mail address, telephone number), date of birth, gender, marital status, financial details, details of occupants of your property, employment details and benefit coverage, and details of your visits to and usage of our website (please see our Cookie policy). We may also collect ‘special categories’ of Personal Data (such as health, ethnic or racial origin or trade union membership) and criminal convictions data about you, and information about your family including children. (A full list of special categories of Personal Data is set out in the Regulation).
We will process Personal Data for and only to the extent necessary for the specific purpose(s) outlined in this document.
4. HOW WE WILL USE YOUR INFORMATION FOR THE PROVISION OF OUR BROKING SERVICES
The Data Controllers shall ensure that all Personal Data processed is kept secure and protected against unauthorised or unlawful processing and against accidental loss, destruction or damage.
Your Personal Data will be used to enable us to fulfil our contractual obligations in relation to your insurance cover and the provision of any ancillary risk management services. Our processing of your Personal Data will include:
assessing      your circumstances and insurance needs;
presenting      such details to insurers for the purpose of obtaining quotations and      placing cover;
arranging      premium finance arrangements;
processing      claims;
undertaking      checks to guard against fraud, money laundering, bribery and other illegal      activities;
handling      complaints; and
analysing      data, identifying trends, and developing and improving our services to      you, including passing your name and e-mail address to Feefo Holdings      Limited for the purpose of inviting you to submit a review in respect of      our service
To ensure that our processing of your data is lawful, such processing will only be undertaken if:
it is      necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are, or will be,      a party; or
you      have given your consent; or
you      confirm that any personal information you give to us about another person      is given with their informed consent
processing      is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are      subject; or
processing      is necessary to protect your vital interests; or
to      perform a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of      official authority vested in us; or
processing      is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us or      by a third party, except where such interests are overridden by your      fundamental rights and freedoms which require protection of Personal Data,      in particular where the Data Subject is a child.
We will process special category and criminal conviction data we collect about you for the performance of our contract with you, which is deemed to be necessary for reasons of substantial public interest. This allows us to quote for and provide you with insurance products and services, to process claims and renewals and to administer your policy.
Where Personal Data about you is obtained from publicly available sources, we will only use such data fairly, meaning for legitimate purposes as would be anticipated of (and reasonably expected as) the activities of an insurance broker, or employee benefits consultant as appropriate, and not further processed in a manner that is incompatible with those purposes.
5. SHARING YOUR DATA
JF Dunne Insurances Limited seeks to offer clients a wide range of insurance broking and employee benefit consulting services. The Data Controllers will therefore share Personal Data with each other in order to inform you of other similar contracts and services provided by our other group companies that we believe you may benefit from. We only share limited Personal Data to enable this, typically name, contact details and type of insurance / investment / pension contracts you have effected and its associated renewal date. We will not share special categories of Personal Data (as defined in the Regulation), criminal convictions data or children’s data between Howden group companies.
As a Data Controller, each entity is responsible for safeguarding your Personal Data. Where we have a specific Non-Disclosure Agreement in place with you, your data will only be shared with your explicit prior consent in accordance with its terms.
We may share your information with third parties only to the extent necessary to provide our services to you. These third parties may include:
Your      agent, adviser or employer
Support      companies for the delivery of the products and services we offer to you      including but not limited to: insurers; other insurance brokers, loss      adjusters and loss assessors; risk managers, administrators, incident      management firms; professional advisors; premium finance companies; IT      providers, internet service providers and mailing/fulfilment houses;
Feefo      to enable us to receive feedback on the services we have provided (their      privacy notice can be found at:
https://www.feefo.com/business/gb_en/privacy-policy
Our      regulators and supervisory authority e.g. the Central Bank of Ireland      (CBI), the Data Protection Commissioner (DPC).
Law      enforcement, credit and identity check agencies for the prevention and      detection of crime
Revenue      Commissioners, e.g. for the processing of tax relief on pension payments      or the prevention of tax avoidance
We do not sell, rent or trade our mailing lists, phone numbers or email addresses.
6. MARKETING
Existing customers
JF Dunne Insurances Limited may contact you about relevant products and services offered JF Dunne Insurances Limited which may be of interest to you as part of your insurance and risk management strategy and also to provide news or information related to our business and the wider insurance market that we believe may be of interest to you in accordance with our legitimate interests.
Former or prospective customers
You may have provided Personal Data to us (including Personal Data provided for a quotation not taken up) or we may have obtained details about you from publicly available Personal Data. Furthermore, you may have effected a contract with us but you subsequently cease to have a relationship with us (for example by having no active policies with us). In these circumstances, we will retain this data for a period not exceeding 3 years from the date of our last contact or engagement and will use this data in order to contact you with regard to your insurances and to provide news or information related to our business and the wider insurance market that we believe may be of interest to you in accordance with our legitimate interests.
7. OPTING OUT OF MARKETING
We want to make it easy for you to make your own choices as to what information you receive from us and how we contact you. Therefore, whether you are an existing, former or prospective client we will always remind you of your right to opt out of future marketing related communications each time we send such correspondence to you. You can elect not to receive any marketing related communications from us at all, or request that you only receive certain types of communication.
PLEASE REFER TO SECTION 12 BELOW FOR DETAILS OF THE DIFFERENT WAYS YOU CAN CONTACT US.
8. MOTOR INSURANCE DATABASE
Where we have contracted with you for this service, we have outsourced this service to Motor Data Solutions (MDS) who may add Information relating to your motor insurance policies to the Government’s Motor Insurance Database (MID) managed by the Motor Insurers’ Bureau (MIB). MID and the data stored on it may be used by Insurers, the Police, DVLA/DVANI, the Insurance Fraud Bureau or other bodies permitted by law for purposes including, but not limited to:
Electronic      Vehicle Licensing;
Continuous      Insurance Enforcement;
Law      enforcement (prevention, detection, apprehension and or prosecution of      offenders);
Obtaining      information if you are involved in a road traffic accident (either in the      UK, the EEA or certain other territories).
Persons (including his or her appointed representatives) pursuing a claim in respect of a road traffic accident (including citizens of other countries) may also obtain relevant information which is held on the MID.
9. DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Where we use third parties to undertake functions on our behalf, as per examples provided in Section 5, above, we will only share relevant information with such third parties as is strictly necessary to enable them to perform those functions.
Information may also be supplied to our external auditors and professional regulatory bodies if required by them and to other parties if required or permitted by law.
It is our policy to retain documents and information about you, including insurances placed on your behalf, in electronic or paper format for a minimum of seven years or such longer period as appropriate having regard to when a claim or complaint may arise in connection with our processing of your information. The legal basis for this processing is that it is necessary to meet contractual, legal or regulatory obligations. After seven years, these may be destroyed or erased without notice to you. You should therefore retain all documentation issued to you.
10. YOUR RIGHTS
You have the right to:
Know      how we process your Personal Data;
access      the data we hold about you, which will be provided to you within one month      of your request, and is free of charge unless we reasonably believe that      your request is manifestly unfounded or excessive;
have      incomplete or inaccurate data rectified without undue delay;
the      deletion or removal of Personal Data where there is no compelling reason      for us to continue to process it (where you object to JF Dunne Insurances      Limited processing your Personal Data based on our legitimate interests,      we shall cease such processing forthwith unless we have another lawful      basis for such processing that overrides your interests, rights and freedoms;      or the processing is necessary for the conduct of legal claims);
restrict      our processing of your Personal Data (although we will still be permitted      to store it where we have a legitimate interest in doing so, for example      to address future disputes, in which case access to such Personal Data      will be restricted as appropriate);
data      portability (we will provide your data in a format that allows you to      move, copy or transfer Personal Data easily from one IT environment to      another in a safe and secure way, without hindrance to usability);
object      to our processing your data (this can be in relation to only certain types      of processing if you wish, so that other types of processing necessary for      the performance of our contractual obligations can continue) where we do      so in connection with our legitimate interests, or in relation to our      profiling your data or using it for marketing purposes.
If you would like to exercise any of your rights above you may do so by contacting us – PLEASE SEE SECTION 13 BELOW FOR CONTACT DETAILS.
11. TRANSFERRING PERSONAL DATA TO A COUNTRY OUTSIDE THE EEA
The Data Controllers may from time to time transfer (transfer includes making available remotely) Personal Data to countries outside of the EEA where this is necessary for us to provide our services to you. This will take place only if one or more of the following applies:
1. The transfer is to a country, territory, or one or more specific sectors in that country (or an international organisation), that the European Commission has determined ensures an adequate level of protection for Personal Data;
2. The transfer is to a country (or international organisation) which provides appropriate safeguards;
3. The transfer is made with the informed consent of the relevant Data Subject(s);
4. The transfer is necessary for the performance of a contract between the Data Subject and the Company (or for pre-contractual steps taken at the request of the Data Subject);
5. The transfer is necessary for important public interest reasons;
6. The transfer is necessary for the conduct of legal claims;
7. The transfer is necessary to protect the vital interests of the Data Subject or other individuals where the Data Subject is physically or legally unable to give their consent; or
8. The transfer is made from a register that, under UK or EU law, is intended to provide information to the public and which is open for access by the public in general or otherwise to those who are able to show a legitimate interest in accessing the register.
12. HOW TO MAKE A COMPLAINT
We will always strive to collect, use and safeguard your personal information in line with data protection laws. If you believe we have not handled your information as set out in this Privacy Notice, or that we have processed your personal information in a manner that is not consistent with your rights, please contact us and we will do our utmost to make things right.
PLEASE REFER TO SECTION 13 BELOW FOR CONTACT DETAILS
If you are still unhappy, you can complain to the Data Protection Commissioner’s Office. Their contact details are:
Data Protection Commissioner, Canal House, Station Road, Portarlington, Co. Laois
Telephone : 057 868 48000
Lo Call Number : 1890 252 231
Email :
info@dataprotection.ie
13. HOW TO CONTACT US
If you need to contact us relating to any matter associated with this Privacy Notice, our contact details are listed below:
Telephone : +353 045 878500
Email :   insure@jfd.ie
Post : JF Dunne Insurances Limited Embassy Office Park, Kill, Co. Kildare
Alternatively, if you are an existing client of JF Dunne Insurances Limited, please feel free to contact your usual advisor directly.
CATEGORIES
TERMS & CONDITIONS
GLOSSARY & FAQ
SITEMAP
PRIVACY NOTICE
Contact
T:
+353 45 878500
F:
+353 45 876151
E:
insure@jfd.ie