Legal, Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.klarna.com/international/privacy-policy/:
Discover Klarna
For Business
Privacy policy
Select your country of residence from the list below to read the appropriate policy.
Klarna
Australia
Austria
Belgium (
fr
/
nl
)
Canada (
en
/
fr
)
Czech Republic
Denmark
Finland (
fi
/
se
)
France
Germany
Greece
Hungary
Ireland
Italy
Mexico
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Poland
Portugal
Romania
Slovakia
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland (
de
/
fr
/
it
/
en
)
United Kingdom
United States (
en
/
es
)
Luxembourg
Bulgaria
Slovenia
PriceRunner
Denmark
Sweden
United Kingdom
Cookies & privacy
We use cookies to make the website work, to personalise and analyse your browsing. We also share data with our advertising partners.
Deny All
Allow All
Change settings
Your Privacy
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device, and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information doesn't usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we're able to offer.
More Information
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These tracking technologies are necessary for the website to function and can’t be switched off in our systems. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these tracking technologies, but it could result in parts of the site not working properly.
Performance tracking technologies
These tracking technologies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us know which pages are the most and least popular, and see how visitors move around the site. They also help us understand where our users are coming from. If these tracking technologies are declined, no user specific information related to our site performance will be stored.
Targeting tracking technologies
These tracking technologies may be set and used by our advertising partners to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They don’t store personal data, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you don’t allow these tracking technologies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Functional/Personalization tracking technologies
These tracking technologies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation to make the content of the site more specific for you as a user. If you don’t allow these tracking technologies, all of the functions we use to personalise the site will not function properly.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-policy 1
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/:
Notice
You must log in to continue.
Log Into Facebook
You must log in to continue.
Log In
Forgot account?
·
Sign up for Facebook
English (US)
Gaeilge
Polski
Lietuvių
Português (Brasil)
Русский
Română
Español
Français (France)
Deutsch
Italiano
Meta © 2025
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to help provide and improve content on
Meta Products
. We also use them to provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and to provide and improve Meta Products for people who have an account.
Essential cookies: These cookies are required to use Meta Products and are necessary for our sites to work as intended.
Cookies from other companies: We use these cookies to show you ads off of Meta Products and to provide features like maps and videos on Meta Products. These cookies are optional.
You have control over the optional cookies we use. Learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choices at any time in our
Cookies Policy
.
About cookies
What are cookies?
Learn more
Why do we use cookies?
Learn more
What are Meta Products?
Learn more
Your cookie choices
Learn more
Cookies from other companies
We use cookies from
other companies
in order to show you ads off of our Products, and provide features like maps, payment services and video.
Choose cookies by category
How we use these cookies
If you allow these cookies
If you don't allow these cookies
Other ways you can control your information
Manage your ad experience in Accounts Center
More information about online advertising
Controlling cookies with browser settings
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Sub-policy 2
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl:
Privacy & Terms
Sub-policy 3
https://business.safety.google/privacy/:
business.safety.google uses cookies from Google to deliver and enhance the quality of its services and to analyze traffic.
Learn more
.
OK, got it
Learn more about
how Google processes personal information
Google's use of information
Helps you understand how Google uses personal information it receives from sites or apps that use our advertising services.
Read more
Privacy Policy
Helps you understand what information Google collects and why, how we use it, and how you can review, manage, delete and update it.
Read more
Data use across Google services
Helps you understand how personal data is shared across Google services and how Google handles personal data received from our advertising partners.
Read more
Sub-policy 4
https://sendgrid.com/policies/privacy/:
Print this page
Customer and Partner Agreements
Terms of Service
Acceptable Use Policy
Service and Country Specific Requirements
Data Protection Addendum (DPA)
Security Overview
Service Level Agreements
Advisory Services Terms
Professional Services Terms
Twilio Marketplace Terms
Twilio Segment Customer Data Platform Destination Integration and Listing Terms
AI/ML Terms
European Electronic Communications Code Disclosures
Customer Name Changes and Assignments
Updates to Legal Terms and Conditions
Privacy
Data Privacy at Twilio
Privacy Notice
Binding Corporate Rules
Customer Proprietary Network Information (CPNI)
Sub-processors
GDPR
Customer Data Protection Addendum
Supplier Data Protection Addendum
Global Applicant Privacy Notice
Mobile Application Terms
Twilio Frontline End User App Terms
Twilio Authy App Terms
Supplier Agreements
Supplier Purchase Order Terms and Conditions
Country-Specific Terms
Supplier Data Protection Addendum
Supplier Code of Conduct
Intellectual Property
DMCA Policy
Trademark
Resources for Law Enforcement
Government Requests
Transparency Report
Civil Requests
Submit a request or subpoena
Code of Conduct & Ethics Hotline
Twilio Code of Conduct
Ethics and Whistleblower Hotline
Digital Promotions General Rules
Sweepstakes Rules
Customer Research and User Experience
Acknowledgement and Waiver
Legal Notices for Twilio's Web Site
Impressum (Germany)
Italy ALIAS Database Code of Conduct
Code of Conduct (Italy)
Twilio Terms of Service
Last Updated:
November 12, 2024
These Terms of Service are effective on November 12, 2024, if you created your account or accepted or otherwise agreed to them on or after November 12, 2024.
These Terms of Service are effective on December 19, 2024, if you created your account or accepted or otherwise agreed to a previous version of these Terms of Service prior to November 12, 2024.
Please read our
online notice
, which explains the changes to these Terms of Service and our other legal terms and conditions in more detail.
The most recent prior version of these Terms of Service is available
here
.
Table of Contents
1. Definitions
2. Services
3. Fees and Payment Terms
4. Ownership, Customer Data, and Confidentiality
5. Representations, Warranties, and Disclaimer
6. Mutual Indemnification
7. Limitation of Liability
8. Term, Termination, and Survival
9. General
10. Additional Terms
It is important that you review and understand these terms before using our services. If you do not agree to these terms, you should not agree to them, create an account, or use our services. Only the terms to the right are legally binding.
Our services are generally intended for business or professional use only.
If you have a separate agreement with us for the use of our services, these terms will not apply to you. However, these terms will apply if any services you use are not covered under that separate agreement.
These terms are effective on the date you accept them. This includes any additional terms that are referenced in these terms and available at hyperlinks and any order forms that you may execute with Twilio. The Twilio entity that is entering into these terms depends on where your business entity is registered. Please see the table below for more information.
PLEASE REVIEW THESE TWILIO TERMS OF SERVICE CAREFULLY. ONCE ACCEPTED, THESE TWILIO TERMS OF SERVICE BECOME A BINDING LEGAL COMMITMENT BETWEEN YOU AND TWILIO. ONLY THE TERMS IN THIS RIGHT COLUMN ARE LEGALLY BINDING. THE EXPLANATIONS IN THE COLUMN TO THE LEFT ARE FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY AND NON-BINDING. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TWILIO TERMS OF SERVICE, YOU SHOULD NOT ACCEPT THEM, CREATE AN ACCOUNT, OR USE THE SERVICES (AS DEFINED IN SECTION 1 (DEFINITIONS) BELOW).
THE SERVICES ARE INTENDED FOR BUSINESS USE OR USE IN CONNECTION WITH AN INDIVIDUAL’S TRADE, CRAFT, OR PROFESSION ONLY.
If you have a separate written agreement with Twilio for your use of the Services, these Twilio Terms of Service will not apply to you, unless that written agreement does not cover a particular Service, in which case, these Twilio Terms of Service apply solely to your use of that particular Service.
These Twilio Terms of Service (“
Agreement
”) set forth the terms for your use of the Services and are effective as of the date you accept or otherwise agree to the terms of this Agreement (“
Effective Date
”). This Agreement consists of these Twilio Terms of Service, terms referenced in these Twilio Terms of Service which are available at hyperlinks, and any applicable Order Form(s) (as defined below). This Agreement is between the applicable Twilio entity identified below (“
Twilio
”) and you or the organization on whose behalf you are accepting or otherwise agreeing to the terms of this Agreement (“
you
"
,
"
your
"
,
"
yours
"
, or
"
Customer
”).
If you are domiciled in:
Any country outside of the European Economic Area and its regions and territories, the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Andorra, Vatican City, and Monaco, other than Japan
Twilio entity entering into this Agreement:
Twilio Inc., a Delaware corporation, with a place of business at 101 Spear Street, 5th Floor, San Francisco, California, 94105, United States of America
Any country within the European Economic Area or its regions or territories, the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Andorra, Vatican City, or Monaco
Twilio Ireland Limited, a company registered in the Republic of Ireland, whose registered address is 70 Sir John Rogerson’s Quay, Dublin 2, D02 R296, Ireland
Japan
Twilio Japan G.K., a Japanese company with a place of business at Link Square Shinjuku 16F, 5-27-5 Sendagaya, Shibuya-ku, Tokyo 151-0051, Japan
These terms might change. We will let you know at least 30 days before we make any significant changes that impact you or your use of our services, unless we are unable to because of changes in laws, regulations, or carrier requirements. The updated version of these terms will be posted on this page.
If you keep using our services after these terms have changed and gone into effect, that means you have accepted those changes and they are legally binding on you. If you do not agree with the changed terms, you must stop using our services immediately.
Twilio may update the terms of this Agreement from time to time. Twilio will provide you with written notice of any
material
updates at least thirty (30) days prior to the date the updated version of this Agreement is effective, unless such material updates result from changes in laws, regulations, or requirements from telecommunications providers. The current, up to date version of this Agreement will be available at
https://www.twilio.com/legal/tos
. Notices for material updates to the terms of this Agreement will be given in accordance with Section 9.5 (Notices). Following such notice, your continued use of the Services on or after the date the updated version of this Agreement is effective and binding, as indicated at the top of this Agreement, constitutes your acceptance of the updated version of this Agreement. The updated version of this Agreement supersedes all prior versions.  If you do not agree to the updated version of this Agreement, you must stop using the Services immediately.
If you reassign your account to a third-party reseller, you are still responsible for your obligations under these terms.
If you are the party that agreed to the terms of this Agreement and you reassign your account to a third-party reseller for administration purposes, such account reassignment will not excuse your obligations under this Agreement. Your use of the Services will continue to be subject to this Agreement.
Remember to let your imagination run wild with Twilio!
Finally, you understand and acknowledge that by using the Services, you agree to have fun and let your imagination run wild. Twilio cannot wait to see what you build!
1. Definitions
These are definitions for certain words that we will use repeatedly throughout these terms. When you see these capitalized words used as you read through these terms, they have the meanings provided in this Section 1.
There may be additional words that we define in the body of these terms. Make sure to look out for those - they will have quotes around them and each word will begin with a capital letter.
“
Affiliate
” means any entity that directly or indirectly controls or is controlled by, or is under common control with, the party specified. For purposes of this definition, “control” means direct or indirect ownership of more than fifty percent (50%) of the voting interests of the subject entity.
“
Beta Offerings
” means Services that are identified as alpha, beta, not generally available, limited release, developer preview, or any similar Services offered by Twilio.
“
Customer Data
” means any data (a) provided by you or your End Users (as defined below) to Twilio in connection with your use of the Services or (b) generated for your use as part of the Services. Customer Data excludes any Twilio Data (as defined below).
“
Customer Services
” means any software application or other products and services provided by you and used in connection with your use of the Services under this Agreement. If applicable, Customer Services includes sources from which you choose to retrieve Customer Data and destinations to which you choose to transmit Customer Data using the Services.
“
Documentation
” means Twilio’s documentation, including any usage guides and policies, for the Services, the current version of which is available at
https://www.twilio.com/docs
An icon of a outbound link arrow
.
“
End User
” means any user of the Services, including via any Customer Services.
“
Malicious Code
” means code, files, scripts, agents, or programs intended to do harm, including, for example, viruses, worms, time bombs and Trojan horses.
“
Order Form
” means an ordering document between you and Twilio, or any of their Affiliates, that specifies mutually agreed upon rates for certain Services and any commercial terms related thereto.
“
Services
” means the products and services provided by Twilio or its Affiliates, as applicable, including all updates, modifications, or improvements thereto, that you purchase pursuant to an Order Form or otherwise use. Services excludes any Customer Services and Third Party Services (as defined below).
"
Support Terms
" means the support-related terms for the Services, the current version of which is available at
https://www.twilio.com/support-plans
.
"Third Party Services
" means any products, services, or software components that are purchased by you from Twilio, but provided, or otherwise made available, by a third party (i.e., a party other than Twilio). Third Party Services are governed by a separate agreement between you and the third-party provider.
"
Twilio Acceptable Use Policy
" means certain terms relating to the use of the Services, including the
Service and Country Specific Requirements
set forth therein, the current version of which is available at
https://www.twilio.com/legal/aup
.
“
Twilio Data
” means any data that is (a) derived or generated from the use or provision of the Services that does not identify you, your End Users, or any natural person or is anonymized, de-identified, and/or aggregated such that it can no longer identify you, your End Users, or any natural person or (b) any Customer Data that is anonymized, de-identified, and/or aggregated by Twilio in accordance with this Agreement.
“
Twilio Data Protection Addendum
” means the personal data processing-related terms for the Services, the current version of which is available at
https://www.twilio.com/legal/data-protection-addendum
“
Twilio Security Overview
” means the security related terms for the Services, the current version of which is available at
https://www.twilio.com/legal/security-overview
.
“
Twilio SLA
” means the service level agreements for the Services, the current versions of which are available at
https://www.twilio.com/legal/service-level-agreement
.
Any capitalized term not defined in this Section 1 will have the meaning provided in this Agreement.
2. Services
We will make our services available to you according to
our published documentation on our website
An icon of a outbound link arrow
and
our service level agreement
s
. We will also protect your data and our services according to
our security overview
.
2.1 Provision of the Services.  Twilio will: (a) provide the Services to you pursuant to this Agreement, the applicable Documentation, and any applicable Order Form(s); (b) comply with the applicable Twilio SLA; (c) comply with the security terms for the Services as set forth in the Twilio Security Overview; (d) provide the Services in accordance with laws applicable to Twilio’s provision of the Services to its customers generally (i.e., without regard for your particular use of the Services), subject to your use of the Services in accordance with this Agreement, the applicable Documentation, and any applicable Order Form(s); (e) make commercially reasonable efforts to use industry standard measures designed to scan, detect, and delete Malicious Code; (f) if applicable, use trained, qualified personnel to provide the Services; and (g) use commercially reasonable efforts to provide you with applicable support for the Services as described in the applicable Support Terms.
Here are some “dos” and “don’ts” you must follow when using our services:
(a) You’re responsible for all use of our services under your account;
(b) You will not transfer, resell, or make available to third parties our services, except to your end users as part of the software applications you develop or products and services you offer;
(c) You will use our services according to these terms,
our Acceptable Use Policy
, including
our service and country specific terms
, and any laws or regulations;
(d) You are responsible for your end users, including all of their activities;
(e) You will prevent unauthorized access to or use of our services;
(f) You will cooperate during information requests we receive relating to your use of our services; and
(g) You will comply with your promises in Section 5 (Representations, Warranties, and Disclaimer) below.
2.2 Customer Responsibilities.  You will: (a) be solely responsible for all use of the Services and Documentation under your account and the Customer Services; (b) not transfer, resell, lease, license, or otherwise make available the Services to third parties (except to make the Services available to your End Users) or offer them on a standalone basis; (c) use the Services only in accordance with this Agreement, the Twilio Acceptable Use Policy, the applicable Documentation, any applicable Order Form(s), and applicable law or regulation; (d) be solely responsible for all acts, omissions, and activities of your End Users, including their compliance with this Agreement, the Twilio Acceptable Use Policy, the applicable Documentation, any applicable Order Form(s), and applicable law or regulation; (e) use commercially reasonable efforts to prevent unauthorized access to or use of the Services and notify Twilio promptly of any such unauthorized access or use; (f) provide reasonable cooperation regarding information requests from law enforcement, regulators, or telecommunications providers; and (g) comply with your representations and warranties set forth in Section 5 (Representations, Warranties, and Disclaimer).
We can suspend your use of our services in the following situations:
(a) You or your end users violate
our Acceptable Use Policy
and
our service and country specific terms
;
(b) You send fraudulent traffic using our services or your use of our services negatively impacts the operation of our services;
(c) Legal or regulatory conditions prohibit us from providing our services;
(d) Your use or your end users' use threatens the security or operability of our services; or
(e) The information about you in your account is not true, accurate, or complete.
2.3 Suspension of Services.  Twilio may suspend the Services upon written notice to you if Twilio, in good faith, determines: (a) that you or your End Users materially breach (or Twilio, in good faith, believes that you or your End Users have materially breached) the Twilio Acceptable Use Policy; (b) there is an unusual and material spike or increase in your use of the Services and that such traffic or use is fraudulent or materially and negatively impacting the operating capability of the Services; (c) that its provision of the Services is prohibited by applicable law or regulation; (d) there is any use of the Services by you or your End Users that threatens the security, integrity, or availability of the Services; or (e) that information in your account is untrue, inaccurate, or incomplete. You remain responsible for the Fees (as defined in Section 3.3 (Payment Terms)).
Our services operate on a multi-tenant platform, which we are always looking to innovate and make better. As such, our services may change over time. We will let you know in advance if any changes to our services are not backwards compatible. We may also work with you to resolve any significant negative impacts that result from changes to our services that are not backwards compatible.
2.4 Changes to the Services.  You acknowledge that the features and functions of the Services may change over time; provided, however, Twilio will not materially decrease the overall functionality of the Services. It is your responsibility to ensure the Customer Services are compatible with the Services. Twilio endeavors to avoid changes to the Services that are not backwards compatible, however, if any such changes become necessary, Twilio will use commercially reasonable efforts to notify you at least sixty (60) days prior to implementation. In the event Twilio makes a non-backwards compatible change to certain Services and such change materially and negatively impacts your use of the Services (“
Adverse Change
”), (a) you will notify Twilio of the Adverse Change and (b) Twilio may agree to work with you to resolve or otherwise address the Adverse Change, except where Twilio, in its sole discretion, has determined that an Adverse Change is required for security reasons, by telecommunications providers, or to comply with applicable law or regulation.
You may use products called beta offerings, which are not generally available (e.g., services that are in alpha, beta, limited release). You are not required to use our beta offerings in order to use our services.
2.5 Beta Offerings.  From time to time, Twilio may make available Beta Offerings. You may, in your sole discretion, choose to use a Beta Offering. Twilio may discontinue a Beta Offering at any time, in its sole discretion, or decide not to make a Beta Offering generally available.
3. Fees and Payment Terms
The fees you pay to us are either outlined in a signed order form or on
our list of fees on our website
.
3.1 Fees.  You agree to pay the fees set forth in the applicable Order Form(s). If you use any Services not set forth in the applicable Order Form(s), you will be charged the applicable rates available at
https://www.twilio.com/pricing
.
You agree to pay taxes, communications surcharges (e.g., pass-through carrier fees), and costs, fines, or penalties that we incur relating to your use of our services. Taxes and communications surcharges are shown as separate line items on your invoice, so you can identify them easily.
If you are exempt from paying any taxes or communications surcharges, please let us know at
taxforms@twilio.com
An icon of a outbound link arrow
and provide us with the up-to-date exemption information or proof.
3.2 Taxes and Communications Surcharges
3.2.1 Taxes.  All fees are exclusive of any applicable taxes, levies, duties, or other similar exactions imposed by a legal, governmental, or regulatory authority in any applicable jurisdiction, including, without limitation, sales, use, value-added, consumption, communications, or withholding taxes (collectively, “
Taxes
”). You will pay all Taxes in connection with this Agreement, excluding any taxes based on Twilio’s net income, property, or employees. If you are required by applicable law to withhold any Taxes from payments owed to Twilio, you will reduce or eliminate such withheld Taxes upon receipt of the appropriate tax certificate or document provided by Twilio. You will provide Twilio with proof of payment of any withheld Taxes to the appropriate authority. Taxes will be shown as a separate line item on an invoice.
3.2.2 Communications Charges.  If applicable, all fees are exclusive of any applicable communications service or telecommunication provider (e.g., carrier) fees or surcharges (collectively, “
Communications Surcharges
”). You will pay all Communications Surcharges in connection with your use of the Services. Communications Surcharges will be shown as a separate line item on an invoice. You will pay all costs, fines, or penalties that are imposed on Twilio by a government or regulatory body or a telecommunications provider as a result of your or your End Users’ use of the Services.
3.2.3 Exemption.  If you are exempt from paying certain Taxes or Communications Surcharges, you will provide the necessary exemption information as requested by Twilio or a valid exemption certificate issued by the appropriate authority via e-mail to
taxforms@twilio.com
An icon of a outbound link arrow
. You will be exempt on a going-forward basis once Twilio has approved your exemption request. If the appropriate authority determines, at any time, that you are not exempt from paying any Taxes or Communications Surcharges, you will promptly pay such Taxes or Communications Surcharges to Twilio, plus any applicable interest or penalties.
You agree to pay us for any services you use.
If you add funds to your account via credit card, you must make sure you have added sufficient funds to cover the fees you owe us. If you do not have sufficient funds in your account to cover the fees you owe us or your credit card declines, then we may suspend our services to all of your accounts.
If we approve you for invoicing, you agree to pay the fees owed to us in US dollars, unless another currency is shown on your order form or invoice, no later than 30 days after the date of the invoice.
If you do not pay on time, then we will send you a late notice. If we do not get your payment within 15 days of the date of the late notice, then we may charge a late fee and suspend our services to all of your accounts. Please pay us on time.
You also may not create new accounts until any fees that you owe us are paid in full.
3.3 Payment Terms.  Except as otherwise expressly set forth herein, payment obligations are non-cancelable and fees, Taxes, and Communications Surcharges (collectively, “
Fees
”), once paid, are non-refundable. Except as otherwise set forth in the applicable Order Form(s) and subject to Section 3.3.3 (Payment Disputes), You will pay the Fees due hereunder in accordance with the following applicable payment method:
3.3.1 Credit Card.  If you elect to add funds to your account by credit card and use such funds to pay the Fees due, you are responsible for ensuring such funds cover such Fees. If your account does not have sufficient funds or your credit card declines a charge for the Fees due, Twilio may suspend the provision of the Services to all of your accounts until the Fees due are paid in full. You are prohibited from creating new accounts until the Fees due are paid in full.
3.3.2 Invoicing.  If you elect to receive invoices and Twilio approves you for the same, then, except as otherwise set forth in the applicable Order Form(s), (a) invoices will be sent to you each month via email to the email address(es) you designate in your account and (b) you will pay the Fees due within thirty (30) days of the date of the invoice. Except as otherwise set forth in the applicable Order Form(s) or an invoice to the extent you procure the Services without any applicable Order Form(s), the Fees are payable in United States dollars. If you fail to pay the Fees and remedy such failure within fifteen (15) days of the date Twilio provides you with written notice of the same, then Twilio may (i) assess and you will pay a late fee of the lesser of 1.5% per month or the maximum amount allowable by law and (ii) suspend the provision of the Services to all of your accounts until the Fees due are paid in full. You are prohibited from creating new accounts until the Fees due are paid in full.
If you ever think that we charged you the wrong amount and you want to dispute it, then let us know in writing within 60 days of the billing date for the charge in question. You have to be reasonable when disputing a charge and must act in good faith and cooperate with us to resolve the dispute.
3.3.3 Payment Disputes.  You will notify Twilio in writing within sixty (60) days of the date Twilio bills you for any Fees that you wish to dispute. You may withhold the disputed Fees until the dispute is resolved. Where you are disputing any Fees, you must act reasonably and in good faith and will cooperate diligently with Twilio to resolve the dispute. Twilio will not charge you a late fee or suspend the provision of the Services for unpaid Fees that are in dispute, unless you fail to cooperate diligently with Twilio or Twilio determines the dispute is not reasonable or brought in good faith by you.
If you are purchasing our services through a third-party fulfillment reseller, then you will pay the fees incurred for using our services to that third-party fulfillment reseller instead of us. If you fail to pay the third-party fulfillment reseller on time, our services may be suspended.
3.4 Fulfillment Resale.  If you are purchasing the Services through a third-party fulfillment reseller that is solely responsible for facilitating payments to Twilio for your use of the Services (“
Fulfillment Reseller
”), you will pay all fees due for your use of the Services directly to the Fulfillment Reseller in accordance with your agreement with the Fulfillment Reseller (“
Fulfillment Agreement
”). If you breach your payment obligations to the Fulfillment Reseller and fail to cure such breach within the time period specified in the Fulfillment Agreement, the Fulfillment Reseller or Twilio may suspend the provision of the Services to you upon written notice.
4. Ownership, Customer Data, and Confidentiality
What is ours is ours, including the following:
(a) our services;
(b)
our published documentation on our website
An icon of a outbound link arrow
;
(c) our confidential information;
(d) any data that is derived or generated from the use or provision of our services that does not identify or no longer identifies you, your end users, or any natural person or any data that is anonymized, de-identified, and/or aggregated; and
(e) any feedback you or your end users provide to us about our services.
Additionally, what is yours is yours, including the software applications you develop or products and services you offer, your confidential information, and your data.
4.1 Ownership Rights.  As between the parties, Twilio exclusively owns and reserves all right, title, and interest in and to the Services, the Documentation, Twilio's Confidential Information (as defined in Section 4.3.1 (Definition)), Twilio Data, as well as any feedback or suggestions you or your End Users provide regarding the Services. As between the parties, you exclusively own and reserve all right, title, and interest in and to the Customer Services, your Confidential Information, and Customer Data, subject to Twilio’s rights to process Customer Data in accordance with this Agreement and the Twilio Data Protection Addendum.
We or our affiliates can use your data in order to provide you with our services according to our obligations in these terms and the terms of
our Data Protection Addendum
.
4.2 Customer Data.  You grant Twilio and its Affiliates the right to process Customer Data as necessary to provide the Services in a manner that is consistent with this Agreement and the Twilio Data Protection Addendum. You are responsible for the quality and integrity of Customer Data.
Neither of us will tell anyone else about or use the confidential information that we got from each other, except as allowed under these terms and the terms of
our Data Protection Addendum
.
If either of us shares the other’s confidential information with third parties, then the one sharing that confidential information will make sure those third parties comply with these confidentiality obligations.
4.3 Confidentiality
4.3.1 Definition.  “
Confidential Information
” means any information or data, regardless of whether it is in tangible form, disclosed by either party (“
Disclosing Party
”) to the other party (“
Receiving Party
”) that is marked or otherwise designated as confidential or proprietary or that should otherwise be reasonably understood to be confidential given the nature of the information and the circumstances surrounding the disclosure, including, without limitation, this Agreement, Order Form(s), Customer Data, security reports and attestations, audit reports, customer lists, pricing, concepts, processes, plans, designs and other strategies, “know how”, inventions, and financial, technical, or other business information and materials of Disclosing Party and its Affiliates. Confidential Information does not include any information which: (a) is publicly available through no breach of this Agreement or fault of Receiving Party; (b) was properly known by Receiving Party, and to its knowledge, without any restriction, prior to disclosure by Disclosing Party; (c) was properly disclosed to Receiving Party, and to its knowledge, without any restriction, by another person without violation of Disclosing Party's rights; or (d) is independently developed by Receiving Party without use of or reference to the Confidential Information of Disclosing Party.
4.3.2 Use and Disclosure.  Except as otherwise authorized under Section 4.3.3 (Compelled Disclosure), under the Twilio Data Protection Addendum, or by Disclosing Party in writing, Receiving Party will not (a) use any Confidential Information of Disclosing Party for any purpose outside of exercising Receiving Party’s rights or fulfilling its obligations under this Agreement and (b) disclose or make Confidential Information of Disclosing Party available to any party, except to Receiving Party's Affiliates, and Receiving Party's and its Affiliates’ respective employees, legal counsel, accountants, contractors, and in Twilio’s case, subcontractors (collectively, “
Representatives
”) who have a “need to know” as necessary for Receiving Party to exercise its rights or fulfill its obligations under this Agreement. Receiving Party will be responsible for its Representatives’ compliance with this Section 4.3. Representatives will be legally bound to protect Confidential Information of Disclosing Party under terms of confidentiality that are at least as protective as the terms of this Section 4.3. Receiving Party will protect the confidentiality of Confidential Information of Disclosing Party using the same degree of care that it uses to protect the confidentiality of its own confidential information but in no event less than reasonable care. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you may disclose Twilio’s SOC2 or similar report, which will constitute Twilio’s Confidential Information, only to your End Users or your End Users' employee or contract worker who has a “need to know” for such SOC2 or similar report and is legally bound to terms of confidentiality that are at least as protective as the terms of this Section 4.3.
Either of us may disclose the confidential information we got from the other if requested by a regulator or required by regulation, law, subpoena, or court order, if we fulfill certain conditions, such as providing written notice, if legally allowed and such disclosure does not interfere with an investigation into potential illegal activity, and reasonable cooperation.
4.3.3 Compelled Disclosure.  Receiving Party may disclose Confidential Information of Disclosing Party if so required pursuant to a request from a regulator or pursuant to regulation, law, subpoena, or court order (collectively, “
Compelled Disclosures
”), provided Receiving Party gives Disclosing Party written notice of a Compelled Disclosure to the extent (a) legally permitted and (b) where, when Twilio is Receiving Party, it determines that such Compelled Disclosure will not unduly interfere with an ongoing investigation into potential illegal activity. Receiving Party will provide reasonable cooperation to Disclosing Party in connection with a Compelled Disclosure at Disclosing Party’s sole expense.
Money alone may not be enough to make either of us whole if one of us breaks our promise of confidentiality. As such, either of us may seek other remedies, like gag orders, if needed.
4.3.4 Injunctive Relief.  The parties expressly acknowledge and agree that no adequate remedy may exist at law for an actual or threatened breach of this Section 4.3 and that, in the event of an actual or threatened breach of the provisions of this Section 4.3, the non-breaching party will be entitled to seek immediate injunctive and other equitable relief, without waiving any other rights or remedies available to it.
We may use and display your name, logo, and a description of how you use our services on our website, in earnings releases, and in other marketing materials. We promise to follow any usage guidelines that you provide to us.
4.4 Use of Marks.  You grant Twilio the right to use and display your name, logo, and a description of your use case(s) on Twilio’s website, in earnings releases and calls, and in marketing and promotional materials, subject to your standard trademark usage guidelines that you expressly provide to Twilio.
5. Representations, Warranties, and Disclaimer
Each of us agrees to these terms and promises it has the legal power to do so.
5.1 Power and Authority Representation.  Each party represents and warrants that it has validly accepted or entered into this Agreement and has the legal power to do so.
Each of us will follow anti-corruption, anti-money laundering, economic and trade sanctions, export controls, and other international trade laws, regulations, and government orders. Each of us also confirms that we, or our organization, is not on any government sanctions or restricted party lists of people and organizations that companies like Twilio are not allowed to do business with.
If you or your end users become placed on any government sanctions or restricted party lists, you will stop using our services and remove any end users’ access to our services.
5.2 Anti-Corruption and International Trade Laws.  Each party (a) warrants that it will comply with all applicable anti-corruption, anti-money laundering, economic and trade sanctions, export controls, and other international trade laws, regulations, and governmental orders (collectively, “
Anti-Corruption and Trade Laws
”) in the jurisdictions that apply directly or indirectly to the Services, including, without limitation, the United States, and (b) represents that it has not made, offered, promised to make, or authorized any payment or anything of value in violation of Anti-Corruption and Trade Laws. You will promptly notify Twilio in writing of any actual or potential violation of Anti-Corruption and Trade Laws in connection with the use of the Services and take all appropriate steps to remedy or resolve such violations, including any steps requested by Twilio. If applicable, you represent that you have obtained, and warrant that you will continue to obtain, all licenses or other authorizations required to export, re-export, or transfer the Services. Each party represents that it (and in your case, also your End Users) is not on any government prohibited, denied, or unverified-party, sanctions, debarment, or exclusion list or export-controlled related restricted party list (collectively, “
Sanctions Lists
”). You will immediately (i) discontinue your use of the Services if you become placed on any Sanctions List and (ii) remove your End Users’ access to the Services if your End Users become placed on any Sanctions List. You represent that you have not, and warrant that you will not, export, re-export, or transfer the Services to an entity on any Sanctions List without prior authorization from the applicable governmental authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, either party may terminate this Agreement immediately upon written notice to the other party if the other party is in breach of its obligations in this Section 5.2. If your account is blocked because it is operating in a country or region prohibited under this Section 5.2, you will receive notice of your account being inoperable when you attempt to log into your account in such prohibited country or region.
You will only give us data for which you provided any required notices and received any required permissions, including in a manner as required by law or regulation. In addition, we will only use this data according to these terms and the terms of
our Data Protection Addendum
.
5.3 Consents and Permissions.  You represent and warrant that you have provided, and will continue to provide, adequate notices, and that you have obtained, and will continue to obtain, the necessary permissions and consents required to enable Twilio to process all Customer Data to provide the Services or as permitted by this Agreement and the Twilio Data Protection Addendum.
Our services will work the way we say they will in
our published documentation on our website
An icon of a outbound link arrow
.
5.4 Services.  Twilio represents and warrants that the Services perform materially in accordance with the applicable Documentation. Your exclusive remedy for a breach of this Section 5.4 will be, at Twilio’s option, to (a) remediate any material non-conformity or (b) refund you the Fees paid for the time period during which the affected Services do not comply with this Section 5.4.
Except for any of the explicit promises in this Section 5, we are offering our services “as is.” You also understand that we are not responsible if anything happens to your data outside of our network or for anything that happens resulting from:
(a) your use of our beta offerings;
(b) the software applications you develop or the products and services you offer; or
(c) any products and services provided by a third-party provider.
5.5 DISCLAIMER.  WITHOUT LIMITING A PARTY’S EXPRESS WARRANTIES AND OBLIGATIONS HEREUNDER, AND EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED HEREIN, THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS,” AND NEITHER PARTY MAKES ANY WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY, OR OTHERWISE, AND EACH PARTY SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW. TWILIO ADDITIONALLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES RELATED TO TELECOMMUNICATIONS PROVIDERS. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THE INTERNET AND TELECOMMUNICATIONS PROVIDERS’ NETWORKS ARE INHERENTLY INSECURE AND THAT TWILIO WILL HAVE NO LIABILITY FOR ANY CHANGES TO, INTERCEPTION OF, OR LOSS OF CUSTOMER DATA WHILE IN TRANSIT VIA THE INTERNET OR A TELECOMMUNICATIONS PROVIDER’S NETWORK. BETA OFFERINGS ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE”. TWILIO MAKES NO WARRANTIES AND WILL HAVE NO LIABILITY FOR ANY BETA OFFERINGS, CUSTOMER SERVICES, OR THIRD PARTY SERVICES WHATSOEVER.
6. Mutual Indemnification
If someone comes after you claiming that our provision of our services violates their intellectual property rights, we will fight that fight for you and pay any awarded damages or settlement we enter into.
6.1 Indemnification by Twilio
6.1.1 Scope of Indemnification.  Twilio will defend you, your Affiliates, and each of their directors, officers, and employees (collectively, “
Customer Indemnified Parties
”) from and against any claim, demand, suit, or proceeding made or brought against a Customer Indemnified Party by a third party alleging that Twilio’s provision of the Services infringes or misappropriates such third party’s intellectual property rights (“
Twilio Indemnifiable Claim
”). Twilio will indemnify you from any fines, penalties, damages, attorneys’ fees, and costs awarded against a Customer Indemnified Party or for settlement amounts approved by Twilio for a Twilio Indemnifiable Claim.
If we think our services infringe someone’s intellectual property rights, then, in addition to fighting the fight as we talk about above, we will either obtain the rights for you to continue to use our services or modify our services, so they do not infringe. If we cannot do either of these, we will terminate these terms and refund you any prepaid and unused fees.
6.1.2 Infringement Options.  If Twilio’s provision of the Services has become, or in Twilio’s opinion is likely to become, the subject of any Twilio Indemnifiable Claim for third-party intellectual property rights infringement or misappropriation, Twilio may at its option and expense: (a) procure the right to continue to provide the Services as set forth herein; (b) modify the Services to make them non-infringing; or (c) if the foregoing options are not reasonably practicable, terminate this Agreement, or, if applicable, terminate the Services that are the subject of any Twilio Indemnifiable Claim for third-party intellectual property rights infringement or misappropriation, and refund you any unused pre-paid Fees.
In this Section 6.1.3, we describe situations where we do not have to indemnify you, such as (a) your violation of these terms, (b) any claims brought against you by someone due to your use of our services in combination with other applications or services, or (c) your use of our services that are free of charge or our beta offerings.
6.1.3 Limitations.  Twilio will have no liability or obligation under this Section 6.1 with respect to any Twilio Indemnifiable Claim arising out of (a) your use of the Services in breach of this Agreement; (b) the combination, operation, or use of the Services with other applications, portions of applications, products, or services, including, without limitation, the Customer Services or Third Party Services, where the Services would not by themselves be infringing; or (c) Services for which there is no charge or Beta Offerings.
Similar to above, you need to fight the fight if someone comes after us because you or your end users breach your responsibilities in Section 2.2 (Customer Responsibilities) or because of the software applications you develop or the products and services you offer.
6.2 Indemnification by Customer.  You will defend Twilio, its Affiliates, and each of their directors, officers, and employees (collectively, “
Twilio Indemnified Parties
”) from and against any claim, demand, suit, or proceeding made or brought against a Twilio Indemnified Party by a third party alleging or arising out of: (a) your or your End Users’ breach of Section 2.2 (Customer Responsibilities) or (b) any Customer Services infringing or misappropriating such third party’s intellectual property rights (collectively, “
Customer Indemnifiable Claims
”). You will indemnify Twilio from any fines, penalties, damages, attorneys’ fees, and costs awarded against a Twilio Indemnified Party or for settlement amounts that you approve for a Customer Indemnifiable Claim.
This Section 6.3 outlines the indemnification process - how it works, what is required, etc.  It applies to both of us equally.  Please be sure to read it.
6.3 Conditions of Indemnification.  As a condition of the foregoing indemnification obligations: (a) the indemnified party (“
Indemnified Party
”) will promptly notify the indemnifying party (“
Indemnifying Party
”) of any Customer Indemnifiable Claim or Twilio Indemnifiable Claim (individually or collectively referred to herein as a “
Claim
”)in writing; provided, however, that the failure to give prompt written notice will not relieve Indemnifying Party of its obligations hereunder, except to the extent that Indemnifying Party was actually and materially prejudiced by such failure; (b) Indemnifying Party will have the sole authority to defend or settle a Claim; and (c) Indemnified Party will reasonably cooperate with Indemnifying Party in connection with Indemnifying Party’s activities hereunder, at Indemnifying Party’s expense. Indemnified Party reserves the right, at its own expense, to participate in the defense of a Claim. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, Indemnifying Party will not settle any Claim for which it has an obligation to indemnify under this Section 6 admitting liability or fault on behalf of Indemnified Party, nor create any obligation on behalf of Indemnified Party without Indemnified Party’s prior written consent, which will not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned, or delayed.
6.4 Exclusive Remedy.  This Section 6 states Indemnifying Party’s sole liability to, and Indemnified Party’s exclusive remedy against, the other party for any third-party claims.
7. Limitation of Liability
This Section 7.1 outlines the types of damages that are available in the event of a claim.  At a high level, neither of us is responsible for damages that indirectly result from an incident.
7.1 LIMITATION ON INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, AND RELATED DAMAGES.  IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY OR ITS AFFILIATES HAVE ANY LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT FOR ANY LOST PROFITS, REVENUES, GOODWILL, OR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, COVER, LOST DATA, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, WHETHER AN ACTION IS IN CONTRACT OR TORT AND REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY OF LIABILITY, EVEN IF A PARTY OR ITS AFFILIATES HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES OR IF A PARTY’S OR ITS AFFILIATES’ REMEDY OTHERWISE FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE. THE FOREGOING DISCLAIMER WILL NOT APPLY TO THE EXTENT PROHIBITED BY LAW.
Generally speaking, any direct damages either of us might owe to the other are capped at the amounts you paid us (or should have paid us) in the 12-month period before the incident occurred.
7.2 LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.  IN NO EVENT WILL THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF EITHER PARTY TOGETHER WITH ALL OF ITS AFFILIATES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT EXCEED THE AMOUNTS PAID OR PAYABLE BY YOU AND YOUR AFFILIATES HEREUNDER FOR THE SERVICES GIVING RISE TO THE LIABILITY DURING THE TWELVE (12) MONTH PERIOD PRECEDING THE FIRST INCIDENT OUT OF WHICH THE LIABILITY AROSE. THE FOREGOING LIMITATION WILL APPLY WHETHER AN ACTION IS IN CONTRACT OR TORT AND REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY OF LIABILITY.
The only exceptions to the limitations in Section 7.1 (Limitation on Indirect, Consequential, and Related Damages) and Section 7.2 (Limitation of Liability) are for your violation of your responsibilities in Section 2.2 (Customer Responsibilities), your payment obligations in Section 3 (Fees and Payment Terms), and both of our indemnification obligations in Section 6 (Mutual Indemnification).
7.3 EXCEPTIONS TO THE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.  NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY IN SECTION 7.1 (LIMITATION ON INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, AND RELATED DAMAGES) AND SECTION 7.2 (LIMITATION OF LIABILITY), THE LIMITATIONS IN SECTION 7.1 AND SECTION 7.2 DO NOT APPLY TO (a) YOUR BREACH OF SECTION 2.2 (CUSTOMER RESPONSIBILITIES); (b) YOUR AND YOUR AFFILIATES’ BREACH OF SECTION 3 (FEES AND PAYMENT TERMS); OR (c) AMOUNTS PAYABLE PURSUANT TO A PARTY’S INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS UNDER SECTION 6 (MUTUAL INDEMNIFICATION).
8. Term, Termination, and Survival
These terms will be valid and effective from the date you agree to them until they are ended according to one of the events in Section 8.2 (Termination) below.
8.1 Agreement Term.  This Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and continue until terminated in accordance with Section 8.2 (Termination) (“
Term
”).
Either of us may end these terms by providing the other with 30 days advance notice. However, if you have any order forms in effect, those order forms will remain in effect for the duration of their order form term and these terms will continue to apply.
8.2 Termination
8.2.1 For Convenience.  Either party may terminate this Agreement for convenience by providing the other party with at least thirty (30) days prior written notice. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, if there are any Order Form(s) in effect, this Agreement will not terminate until all such Order Form(s) have expired or have been terminated in accordance with the terms therein.
If either of us violates these terms and does not fix the violation within 15 days, the other one may end these terms.
Ending these terms will result in the closure of all of your accounts.
8.2.2 Material Breach.  Either party may terminate this Agreement (including all Order Form(s) and Services that are in effect) in the event the other party commits any material breach of this Agreement and fails to remedy such breach within fifteen (15) days of the date of written notice of such breach. For the avoidance of doubt, a breach of the Twilio Acceptable Use Policy will be considered a material breach of this Agreement. If Twilio terminates this Agreement because of your material breach, then Twilio will also close your accounts.
Either of us may end these terms by providing the other with written notice if the other goes bankrupt or fails to continue its business.
8.2.3 Insolvency.  Subject to applicable law, either party may terminate this Agreement immediately by providing written notice in the event of the other party’s liquidation, commencement of dissolution proceedings, or any other proceeding relating to a receivership, failure to continue business, assignment for the benefit of creditors, or becoming the subject of bankruptcy.
Certain important terms live on even after these terms end. That includes your payment obligations to us and the specific sections mentioned on the right.
8.3 Survival.  Upon termination of this Agreement, the terms of this Section 8.3 and the terms of the following Sections will survive: Section 2.1(c) (regarding the Twilio Security Overview), Section 3 (Fees and Payment Terms), Section 4 (Ownership, Customer Data, and Confidentiality), Section 5.5 (Disclaimer), Section 6 (Mutual Indemnification), Section 7 (Limitation of Liability), Section 9 (General), and any applicable terms in Section 10 (Additional Terms).
9. General
Your affiliates may use our services according to these terms. However, you and your affiliates are both responsible for the activities of your affiliates.
9.1.1 Affiliates of Customer.  Your Affiliates may use the Services under and in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. You represent and warrant that you have sufficient rights and the authority to make this Agreement binding upon each of your Affiliates. You and each of your Affiliates will be jointly and severally liable for the acts and omissions of such Affiliate in connection with this Agreement and such Affiliate’s use of the Services. Only you will bring any claim against Twilio on behalf of your Affiliates.
Our affiliates may provide you or your affiliates with our services or bill you or your affiliates on behalf of us or another Twilio entity providing our services.
9.1.2 Affiliates of Twilio.  An Affiliate of Twilio may provide the Services, or a portion thereof, to you or your Affiliates, as applicable, in accordance with this Agreement and any applicable Order Form(s) with such Affiliate of Twilio. Twilio will (a) be responsible for the Services its Affiliates provide and (b) not be relieved of its obligations under this Agreement if its Affiliates provide the Services or a portion thereof. Twilio will enforce the terms of this Agreement relating to the Services its Affiliates provide. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, an Affiliate of Twilio may directly bill you or your Affiliates, as applicable, (i) for the Services it provides or (ii) solely as a billing agent for Twilio or the Affiliate of Twilio providing the Services, as applicable.
Neither of us may transfer our obligations under these terms without the other’s prior written consent, unless either of us is transferring our obligations to an entity that is assuming either of our assets or business or to either of our affiliates.
9.2 Assignment.  Neither party may assign or otherwise transfer this Agreement or any applicable Order Form(s), in whole or in part, whether by operation of law or otherwise, without the other party’s prior written consent (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed). Notwithstanding the foregoing, either party may assign this Agreement or any applicable Order Form(s), in whole or in part, without consent to (a) a successor to all or part of its assets or business or (b) an Affiliate. Any attempted assignment or transfer by either party in violation hereof will be void. Subject to the foregoing, this Agreement and any applicable Order Form(s) will be binding on the parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns.
These terms do not create any special relationship between us, like an employer-employee relationship, joint venture, or a partnership. Nothing will change that. Each of us is responsible for our own employees and agents.
9.3 Relationship.  Each party is an independent contractor in the performance of each and every part of this Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement is intended to create or will be construed as creating an employer-employee relationship or a partnership, agency, joint venture, or franchise. Each party will be solely responsible for all of its employees and agents and its labor costs and expenses arising in connection therewith and for any and all claims, liabilities, damages, or debts of any type whatsoever that may arise on account of its activities, or those of its employees and agents, in the performance of this Agreement. Neither party has the authority to commit the other party in any way and will not attempt to do so or imply that it has the right to do so.
These terms are strictly between you and us. No third parties have any rights under these terms unless we already say so in these terms.
9.4 No Third-Party Beneficiaries.  This Agreement does not confer any benefits on any third party (including your End Users or an Affiliate) unless it expressly states that it does.
If you need to notify us, you must send notices via email to
legalnotices@twilio.com
An icon of a outbound link arrow
.
If we need to notify you, we will notify you via email to the email address designated in your account or via your account portal.
9.5 Notices.  Notices to Twilio will be provided via email to
legalnotices@twilio.com
An icon of a outbound link arrow
. All notices to you will be provided via email to the relevant contact(s) you designate in your account.
These terms are governed by the law specified in the table below, depending on where your business entity is registered.
If we go to court to resolve a dispute between us, then the courts specified in the table below, depending on where your business entity is registered, will be responsible for resolving that dispute.
9.6 Governing Law and Attorneys’ Fees.  This Agreement will be governed by and interpreted according to the laws of the applicable state or country identified below without regard to conflicts of laws and principles that would cause the application of the laws of another jurisdiction. This Agreement will not be governed by the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods. Except as provided in Section 9.7 (Dispute Resolution), any legal suit, action, or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the Services will be instituted in the applicable courts identified below and the parties hereby consent to the personal jurisdiction of these courts. In the event of any adjudication of any dispute under this Agreement, the prevailing party in such legal suit, action, or proceeding will be entitled to reimbursement of its attorneys’ fees and related costs by the non-prevailing party.
If you are domiciled in:
Governing law:
Courts with personal jurisdiction:
Any country outside of the (a) European Economic Area and its regions and territories, the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Andorra, Vatican City, and Monaco and (b) Asia-Pacific region, other than Brazil and Japan
State of California
State or federal courts of San Francisco, California, United States of America
Any country within the European Economic Area or its regions or territories, the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Andorra, Vatican City, or Monaco
England and Wales
Courts of London, England, United Kingdom
Any country within the Asia-Pacific region, other than Japan
Singapore
Courts of Singapore
Brazil
Brazil
Courts of the City and State of São Paulo, Brazil
Japan
Japan (including its procedural rules)
Tokyo District Court
If there is a dispute (except for intellectual property disputes) between us, each of us will escalate the dispute internally to see if we can resolve it. If we cannot, each of us agrees to resolve the dispute through binding arbitration.
9.7 Dispute Resolution.  In the event of any dispute, claim, or controversy in connection with this Agreement (other than for disputes, claims, or controversies related to the intellectual property of a party) (collectively, “
Disputes
”), each party’s senior representatives will, in good faith, attempt to resolve a Dispute. If the parties are unable to resolve a Dispute within thirty (30) days or within such other time period as the parties may agree in writing, then the parties may commence binding arbitration under JAMS’ Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures. The parties will share equally the fees and expenses of the JAMS arbitrator. The arbitration will be conducted by a sole arbitrator mutually agreed to between the parties or, failing that, by JAMS under its then prevailing rules. Judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. The arbitrator will have the authority to grant specific performance or any other equitable or legal remedy, including provisional remedies. Each party will be responsible for its own incurred expenses arising out of any dispute resolution procedure. Any arbitration proceedings will take place in the English language in (a) San Francisco, California, if you are domiciled in any country outside of the (i) European Economic Area and its regions and territories, the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Andorra, Vatican City, and Monaco and (ii) Asia-Pacific region; (b) London, England, if you are domiciled in any country within the European Economic Area or its regions or territories, the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Andorra, Vatican City, or Monaco; or (c) Singapore, if you are domiciled in any country within the Asia-Pacific region.
If neither of us can carry out our obligations under these terms because something crazy happens beyond either of our control (think earthquake, massive power outage, war), then that does not count as a violation of these terms.
9.8 Force Majeure.  No failure, delay, or default in performance of any obligation of a party will constitute an event of default or breach of this Agreement to the extent that such failure to perform, delay, or default arises out of a cause, existing or future, that is beyond the control and without negligence of such party, including action or inaction of governmental, civil or military authority, fire, strike, lockout, or other labor dispute, flood, terrorist act, war, riot, theft, earthquake, or other natural disaster (collectively, “
Force Majeure Events
”). The party affected by a Force Majeure Event will take all reasonable actions to minimize the consequences of any such event.
If neither of us enforces any part of these terms, that does not mean that we cannot enforce that part now or in the future.
If there are inconsistencies between the various terms and conditions that make up these terms, the order of precedence will be as follows to resolve those inconsistencies: (1) any order forms; (2)
our Data Protection Addendum
; (3) the terms set forth in the body of these Terms of Service; (4)
our Acceptable Use Policy
, including
our service and country specific terms
; (5) any other terms and conditions incorporated into these terms; and (6)
our published documentation on our website
An icon of a outbound link arrow
.
9.9 Waiver and Order of Precedence.  No failure or delay by either party in exercising any right or enforcing any provision under this Agreement will constitute a waiver of that right or provision, or any other provision. Titles and headings of sections of this Agreement are for convenience only and will not affect the construction of any provision of this Agreement. In the event of any conflict or inconsistency among the following documents, the order of precedence will be: (1) the applicable Order Form(s), (2) the Twilio Data Protection Addendum, (3) the terms set forth in the body of this Twilio Terms of Service, (4) the Twilio Acceptable Use Policy, (5) any other terms incorporated by reference herein or any other exhibits or attachments hereto, and (6) the applicable Documentation.
If any part of these terms is not legally enforceable, the rest of these terms will still be legally enforceable.
9.10 Severability.  In the event that any provision of this Agreement is held by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable, such provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary to render such provision enforceable and, in any event, the remainder of this Agreement will continue in full force and effect.
These terms and these terms only govern our relationship with each other and your use of our services. Any terms and conditions outside of these terms will be invalid and not apply.
9.11 Entire Agreement.  This Agreement will constitute the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous understandings, proposals, statements, sales materials, presentations, or non-disclosure or other agreements, whether oral or written. No oral or written information or advice given by Twilio, its agents, or its employees will create a warranty or in any way increase the scope of the warranties or obligations in this Agreement. The parties agree that any term or condition stated in your vendor registration form or registration portal or in any purchase order document or similar document will be construed solely as evidence of your internal business processes and the terms and conditions contained therein will be void and have no effect with regard to this Agreement, even if accepted by Twilio or executed by the parties after the Effective Date.
10. Additional Terms
If you are a U.S. Federal or U.S. state entity, or a federally-recognized tribal entity performing governmental functions and eligible for funding and services from the U.S. Department of the Interior, these terms apply to you.
10.1 United States Federal, State, and Tribal Governments.  If you are a (a) United States federal entity,  including without limitation, a bureau, office, agency, department, or other entity of the United States government; (b) a United States state entity, including without limitation, a bureau, department, office, or other entity of a state or a local, county, borough, commonwealth city, municipality, town, township, special purpose district, or other entity established by the laws of a state and located in such state; or (c) a federally-recognized tribal entity performing governmental functions and eligible for funding and services from the United States Department of the Interior by virtue of its status as an Indian tribe, or in Alaska, a Native village or Alaska Regional Native corporation, the following terms apply:
10.1.1 Failure to Pay.  Twilio may assess, and you will pay, interest equal to the maximum amount allowable by applicable law, if you fail to pay the Fees and remedy such failure within fifteen (15) days of the date Twilio provides you with written notice of the same.
10.1.2 Public Disclosure Laws.  Section 4.3.2 (Use and Disclosure) of this Agreement does not prohibit you from disclosing the terms of this Agreement to the extent required by public disclosure laws applicable to you (“
Public Disclosure Laws
”), provided that, to the extent permissible, any material legal terms included in this Agreement (e.g., representations and warranties, indemnification, limitation of liability) and any trade secrets, non-publicly available pricing, future business plans, future product plans or features, or business strategies of Twilio are redacted.
10.1.3 Compelled Disclosure of Confidential Information. Receiving Party will provide reasonable cooperation to Disclosing Party in connection with a Compelled Disclosure at Disclosing Party’s sole expense to the extent permitted by applicable law.
10.1.4 Customer Services IP Infringement.  You represent and warrant that the Customer Services do not, and will not, infringe or misappropriate a third party’s intellectual property rights. Your breach of this Section 10.1.4 will not be subject to liability limitations set forth in Section 7 (Limitation of Liability) of this Agreement.
10.1.5 Use of Marks.  Twilio will not use your name, logo, or a description of your use case(s) on Twilio’s website, earnings release and calls, or marketing or promotional materials without your prior written consent.
10.1.6 Indemnification by Customer.  Your obligations in Section 6.2 (Indemnification by Customer) of this Agreement will apply to the extent permitted by applicable law, regulation, or procedure.
10.1.7 Assignment.  The ability of either party to assign this Agreement without consent pursuant to Section 9.2 (Assignment) of this Agreement will not apply where prohibited by applicable law.
10.1.8 Governing Law.   Section 9.6 (Governing Law and Attorneys’ Fees) of this Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:
Governing Law. This Agreement will be governed by and interpreted according to (a) United States Federal law, if you are a United States Federal entity, or (b) the laws of the state in which you are located without regard to conflicts of laws and principles that would cause the application of the laws of another jurisdiction, if you are not a United States Federal entity. This Agreement will not be governed by the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods.
10.1.9 Dispute Resolution.  Section 9.7 (Dispute Resolution) of this Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:
Except as otherwise specified in applicable law, in the event of a dispute, claim, or controversy arising out of or in connection with this Agreement or the breach, termination, enforcement, interpretation, or validity thereof (other than for disputes, claims, or controversies related to the intellectual property of a party) (collectively, “
Disputes
”), each party’s senior representatives will engage in good faith negotiations with the other party’s senior representatives to amicably resolve a Dispute. If the parties are unable to resolve a Dispute within thirty (30) days after the first request to engage in good faith negotiations or within such other time period as the parties may agree to in writing, then either party may seek relief as set forth in Section 9.6 (Governing Law and Attorneys’ Fees).
10.1.10 Code of Federal Regulations.  Twilio agrees to comply with the clauses included under 48 C.F.R. § 52.244-6 Subcontracts for Commercial Products and Commercial Services, and all applicable equal opportunity laws including the provisions of Executive Order 11246, as amended, Section 402 of the Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act of 1974 (38 USC 4212), and Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended, and the regulations at 41 C.F.R. §§ 60-1 -60-60, 60-250, and 60-741. The affirmative action clause and regulations contained in the preceding sentence are incorporated by reference into this Agreement.
10.1.11 Commercial Items.  The Services are “Commercially available off-the-shelf (COTS) items”, consisting of “Commercial Products(s),” “Commercial Computer Software” and “Commercial Computer Software Documentation,” as such terms are used in 48 C.F.R. § 2.101. Consistent with 48 C.F.R. § 12.212 or 48 C.F.R. §§ 227.7202-1-227.7202-4, as applicable, the Commercial Computer Software and Commercial Computer Software Documentation are being provided (a) only as Commercial Items and (b) with only those rights as are granted to all other Twilio customers. Unpublished-rights are reserved under the copyright laws of the United States.
10.1.12 Conflict.  In the event of any conflict between this Section 10.1 and any other terms of this Agreement, this Section 10.1 will prevail.
If you are a microenterprise, small enterprise, or a not for profit organisation and use our services within the EEA or U.K., these terms apply to you.
10.2 European Electronic Communications Code.  If you are a microenterprise, small enterprise, or not for profit organisation, and Twilio provides you the Services within the European Economic Area or United Kingdom, you agree you have read and accept the European Electronic Communications Code Rights Waiver available at
https://www.twilio.com/legal/service-country-specific-terms/eu-eecc-waiver
.
If your business entity is registered in Brazil, these terms apply to you.
10.3 Brazil.  If you are domiciled in Brazil, the following terms apply:
10.3.1 Dispute Resolution.  Section 9.7 (Dispute Resolution) of this Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:
In the event of a dispute, claim, or controversy arising out of or in connection with this Agreement or the breach, termination, enforcement, interpretation, or validity thereof (collectively, “
Disputes
”), each party’s senior representatives will engage in good faith negotiations with the other party’s senior representatives to amicably resolve a Dispute. If the parties are unable to resolve a Dispute within thirty (30) days after the first request to engage in good faith negotiations or within such other time period as the parties may agree to in writing, then either party may commence (a) litigation proceedings if the amounts being sought are less than two hundred thousand dollars ($200,000 USD) or (b) binding arbitration under the Rules of CAM-CCBC if the amounts being sought are greater than or equal to two hundred thousand dollars ($200,000 USD). To the extent a Dispute is submitted for arbitration, the parties will share equally the fees and expenses of the CAM-CCBC arbitrator. The arbitration will be conducted by a sole arbitrator chosen by the mutual agreement of the parties or, failing that, by CAM-CCBC under its then prevailing rules. Judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. The arbitrator will have the authority to grant specific performance or any other equitable or legal remedy, including provisional remedies. Each party will be responsible for its own incurred expenses arising out of any dispute resolution procedure. Any arbitration proceedings will take place in the English language in the City and State of São Paulo, Brazil.
If your business entity is registered in Japan, these terms apply to you.
10.4 Japan.  If you are domiciled in Japan, the following terms apply:
10.4.1 Intended Use.  The Services are intended for business use by corporate or business entities, and you agree that you will not use the Services for any personal or individual use.
10.4.2 Required Information and Verification Process.  Depending on the Services you use, you may be required to submit copies of government-issued ID documents to Twilio and/or complete verification processes (e.g., via post) as required under applicable law or regulation, including, without limitation, the Act on Prevention of Transfer of Criminal Proceeds and the Telecommunications Business Act.
10.4.3 Taxes and Communications Surcharges.  Taxes, as defined in Section 3.2.1 (Taxes) of this Agreement, will include Japanese consumption tax. The universal service fee and the telephone relay service fee charged by telecommunication providers (e.g., carriers) will be borne by you as part of the Communications Surcharges set forth in Section 3.2.2 (Communications Surcharges) of this Agreement.
10.4.4 Currency.  All Fees are payable in Japanese Yen, except as otherwise set forth in writing, including in an applicable Order Form(s) or an invoice to the extent you procure the Services without an Order Form.
10.4.5 Intellectual Property Rights.  Any intellectual property rights vested by Twilio under this Agreement will include the rights set forth in Article 27 (Right of Adaptation) and 28 (Original Author’s Right in Derivative Works) of the Copyright Act of Japan, Act No. 48 of May 6, 1970. Further, you agree not to exercise against Twilio, or any other third parties designated by Twilio, any moral rights you may have in any contents, including, without limitation, the feedback or suggestions you or your End Users provide regarding the Services that Twilio is entitled to exploit under this Agreement.
10.4.6 Anti-Social Forces.  Each party represents and warrants that it (a) is not an anti-social force (meaning here and hereinafter, gangsters, right-wing groups, anti-social forces, and others equivalent thereto) and (b) does not have any exchange or involvement with anti-social forces, such as cooperation or involvement in the maintenance, operation, or management of anti-social forces, through funding, or other means.
10.4.7 Dispute Resolution.  Section 9.7 (Dispute Resolution) of this Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:
In the event of a dispute, claim, or controversy arising out of or in connection with this Agreement or the breach, termination, enforcement, interpretation, or validity thereof (other than for disputes, claims, or controversies related to the intellectual property of a party) (collectively, “
Disputes
”), each party’s senior representatives will engage in good faith negotiations with the other party’s senior representatives to amicably resolve a Dispute. If the parties are unable to resolve a Dispute within thirty (30) days after the first request to engage in good faith negotiations or within such other time period as the parties may agree to in writing, then either party may seek relief as set forth in Section 9.6 (Governing Law and Attorneys’ Fees).
10.4.8 Conflict.  In the event of any conflict between this Section 10.4 and any other terms of this Agreement, this Section 10.4 will prevail.
If you are joining or participating in any of Twilio's partner programs, these terms apply to you.
10.5 Partner Programs.  If you are joining or participating in any Twilio partner program (each, a “
Partner Program
”), the following terms apply:
10.5.1 Partner Program Acceptance Conditions.  Your acceptance into the applicable Partner Program is conditioned on (a) Twilio’s approval of your completed application to join such applicable Partner Program, if applicable; (b) your satisfaction of all Partner Program acceptance qualifications and requirements that are communicated to you in writing by Twilio; and (c) your acceptance and compliance with the terms of this Agreement.
10.5.2 Partner Program Guides and Policies.  You will comply with the applicable Partner Program guides and policies available at
https://www.twilio.com/legal/partner-program-policies
.
10.5.3 Publicity Restrictions.  Neither party will issue any press releases or public announcements in connection with your participation in the applicable Partner Program without the other party’s prior written consent.
10.5.4 Partner Program Removal.  Twilio may, for any reason or no reason, remove you from the applicable Partner Program, or your access to the applicable Partner Program account portal, upon thirty (30) days prior written notice to you.
10.5.5 Conflict.  In the event of any conflict between this Section 10.5 and any other terms of this Agreement, this Section 10.5 will prevail.
Sub-policy 5
https://www.accengage.com/privacy-policy/:
Legal
Legal
›
Airship Corporate
›
Privacy Statement
Airship Corporate
Website Terms of Use
Privacy Statement
California Privacy Rights Notice
California Employee and Candidate Privacy Notice
Singapore Job Applicant and Employee Data Protection Policy
Airship Products and Services
Terms of Subscription Service
Support Services Description
Acceptable Use Policy
Definition of Billing Metrics
Data Retention Schedule
Airship Beta Services Terms
Terms of Subscription Service – Gummicube ASO Services
Conditions Générales de Vente – Accengage
Global Data Privacy & Security
Global Data Privacy
Airship Data Processing Addendum
New SCCs DPA Amendment
Airship Subprocessors
Security Measures
Full Disclosure Security Policy
Airship Intellectual Property
Trademark and Patent Notice
Effective as of January 15, 2025 —
Previous Version
Please note that this Privacy Statement has been updated to reflect our new headquarters address. There have been no substantive changes to the terms or our practices regarding the handling of your personal information.
Airship Group, Inc. and its affiliates, including, Apptimize, LLC., Urban Airship UK Ltd., Urban Airship Germany GmbH, Airship France SAS, Airship Business France SAS, Urban Airship India Private Ltd., and Airship Global Pte. Ltd. (collectively, “Airship,” “we” or “us”) offers mobile and customer engagement platforms through the Airship Service, the Apptimize Service and the Gummicube ASO Services, (collectively referred to as the “Airship Platform”). Airship is committed to protecting the privacy of Personal Information you provide to us, and applies the Privacy by Design and Data Protection by Default principles across our Airship Platform product enhancement, development, and operations.
When referring to “Personal Information” in this Statement, we mean information that personally identifies (e.g. your name, email address, device information, IP Address) an individual or other data that relates to or could be reasonably linked to such information. Accordingly, Airship informs you via this privacy and information practices statement about our information practices, the kinds of information we collect, how we intend to use and share that information, and the rights you have with respect to the processing of such information by us, (“Privacy Statement”).
1. What this Privacy Statement covers
1.1 Scope of this Privacy Statement
This Privacy Statement applies to Personal Information that we collect when you: (i) visit websites we operate and that link to this Privacy Statement, including
www.airship.com
,
https://www.airship.com/de/home/
,
www.airship.com/fr/
,
https://go.airship.com/accounts/register/plan/starter/
,
https://go.airship.com/accounts/login/
,
www.gummicube.com
, and
www.apptimize.com
(the “Sites”); (ii) use our training and testing versions of the Airship Platform for mobile or software applications, mobile wallet passes, or any other software applications made available by us for use on or through computers and mobile devices that link to this Privacy Statement; (iii) download or otherwise engage with content and publications such as viewing videos, reading content our Site, interact with our chat bot, or visit our branded social media pages; (iv) visit our offices; (v) receive communications from us, including emails, phone calls or texts; (vi) register for, attend and/or otherwise take part in our events, webinars or contests; (vii) participate in recorded meetings; (viii) submit a job application to us; (ix) submit information to us in connection with a potential business relationship with us; (x) register to use the Airship Platform as an authorized user (for example, as an employee of one of our customers who provided you with login access to the Airship Platform) (which is referred to in this Statement as “Account Information”); (xi) contact us for support or information; or (xii) work at partners or suppliers of Airship and interact with Airship in the course of doing business or contemplating a potential business relationship with us. This Privacy Statement also applies to our recruitment practices. However, for California job candidates and Airship employees, then
Airship’s California Employee Privacy Notice
applies to you and describes how we collect and use Personal Information about you during and after candidacy, job application, and your employment with us. In addition, for Singapore job candidates and Airship employees,
Airship’s Singapore Job Applicant and Employee Data Protection Policy
applies to you and describes how we collect and use Personal Information about you during and after candidacy, job application, and your employment with us. In this Privacy Statement, the terms Sites and Airship Platform collectively are referred to as the “Services”. “You” refers to any individual who visits or uses the Services.
1.2 Controller for processing within the scope of this Privacy Statement
Airship is the data controller for the data processing within the scope of this Privacy Statement. This means that as a data controller we determine the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Information for our marketing and business purposes, as further described below in this Privacy Statement.
1.3 Out of Scope of this Privacy Statement
Except as provided with respect to Account Information as described in Section 1.1. (Scope of this Privacy Statement) above, this Privacy Statement  does not apply to our security and privacy practices concerning the Personal Information we receive and process on behalf of our customers through the Airship Platform). In this capacity, Airship processes Personal Information of people who interact with customer applications or websites that are offered by Airship’s customers and that have incorporated the Airship Platform. As such, Airship acts in the role of a data processor or service provider on behalf of our customers, and our security and privacy commitments are detailed in and governed by our agreements with our customers, including the
Terms of Subscription Service
, the
Airship Data Processing Addendum
entered into with such customers,or such other applicable agreement entered into between our customer and Airship and that is related to our customer’s access to and use of the Airship Platform. This Privacy Statement does not cover any Personal Information that our customers choose to collect and share with Airship, where Airship is not the Data Controller, but is instead the Data Processor. For privacy information related to our customers’ uses of the Airship Platform in connection with their mobile applications, websites, emails, texts or other digital properties, please reach out to the respective customer directly.
In addition, the Services may contain links to other third party websites. The privacy statements and policies of such third party websites govern their respective privacy and security practices as provided in Section 12 of this Privacy Statement.
California residents and customers with business in the State of California may read our supplemental
California Privacy Rights Notice
here. Our California Privacy Notice applies to Personal Information we collect and process about California residents in operating our business in circumstances where Airship controls how and why the Personal Information is processed.
2. What Personal Information does Airship collect?
The Personal Information we collect will be determined by the type of interaction you have with Airship, as described in further detail in the following categories:
2.1 Personal Information we collect directly.
Site usage.
When you use the Services or fill out forms on our Site, we may provide you with opportunities to sign up to receive specific information or Services, download content, register for an online or in-person event or webinar, or attend an online or in-person event or webinar for marketing purposes, and we ask for your contact information. Personal Information we collect is, is: name, title, company name, industry, company address, phone number,email address, country, downloads and engagement with Airship content and other publications, marketing subscription status, communications that we exchange with you including when you contact us with questions or feedback, through online web portals, emails, our chat features, social media, or online assessments or survey participation. Our sites use cookies and other technologies, and as a result we also collect information as described in
Section 5
(What device and usage data does Airship process?) below as well as internet connection data transmitted by your browser, meaning your IP address or proxy server, your browser (type/version), your operating system, date and time of your inquiry, websites from which your system accesses our website (Referrer-URL) and hostname of the accessing computer, location, internet service provider and / or mobile carrier, pages and files viewed, exchanges through our chat features, searches, and date/ time stamps associated with your usage. When activating or installing updates to our mobile applications or mobile wallet passes, we collect information about your device (manufacturer, model, IP address), or information about the application such as the version, date of activation, successful or unsuccessful updates.
Registering for and attending a meeting or an event.
If you register to attend a meeting (whether in person or virtually) in connection with entering into a contract with Airship or one of its third party partners or in the course of an already existing contractual relationship, we ask for your contact information (name and email address), job title, employer, and retain copies of meeting audio and video recording in accordance with our Corporate Data Retention Policy and based on your consent to participate in a recorded meeting. If you attend an event, we, with your consent, scan your attendee badge which will provide us with your information, such as name, title, company name, address, country, phone number, email address, industry, and record of event attendance.
Your communications with us.
We collect your name, email address, phone number, mailing address, job title, marketing subscription status, and information regarding your engagement with Airship content and other publications, communications that we exchange with you through online web portals, emails, our chat features, or social media when you request information about our Services, register for our newsletter, download or otherwise engage with our content and publications, request customer or technical support, or otherwise communicate with us.
Account Information for Airship Platform.
If you register to use the Airship Platform as an authorized user or sign up for a free account, we collect your name, email address, IP address, company name, job title, and website name or information.
Surveys.
If we may contact you to participate in surveys and you decide to participate, you will be asked to provide your name, email address, employer, job title and other contact information..
Social media content.
We maintain publicly accessible Airship social media sites (“Company Social Media Webpages”) on various social media platforms, i.e. Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter, Soundcloud, Slideshare. We offer forums, blogs, and content on such Company Social Media Webpages. Any content you provide on these channels will be considered “public” and provided voluntarily.
The individual processing of Personal Information by the respective social media platform providers differ. It is likely that, in addition to the storage of Personal Information specifically provided by you on the Company Social Media Webpages, the social media platform provider will also process further information. Additional information as to data transfers for social media platform providers is available below in Section 6 (International data transfers) below. For details about the collection and storage of your Personal Information as well as the type, scope and purpose of their use by a social media platform providing the Company Social Media Webpage, please refer to the respective platform’s privacy policy:
The privacy policy for Facebook, which is operated by Meta Platforms, Inc. can be found at
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/policy
.
The privacy policy for LinkedIn, which is operated by LinkedIn Inc., can be found at
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
.
The privacy policy for Twitter, which is operated by Twitter, Inc. can be found at
https://twitter.com/en/privacy
.
The privacy policy for SoundCloud, which is operated by SoundCloud Global Limited & Co. KG, can be found at
https://soundcloud.com/pages/privacy
.
The privacy policy for Slideshare, which is operated by Scribd, Inc., can be found at
https://support.scribd.com/hc/en-us/articles/210129366-Privacy-Policy
.
In the following, we set out our own processing activities regarding your visit to the Company Social Media Webpages. Based on the type of Personal Information processed, we explain for which purposes and on which legal basis we process your Personal Information.
Visiting our Company Social Media Webpages
When you visit our Company Social Media Webpages, your Personal Information is also collected, used and stored by the providers of the respective social media platform. This may happen even if you do not have a profile in the respective social media platform. If you are logged in with your personal user account of the respective social media platform while visiting this Company Social Media Webpage, the respective social media platform provider can link the visit to your account. If you do not wish such a linking to occur, you must log out of your account before visiting our Company Social Media Webpage and delete the cookies if necessary. You can find details in the privacy policies of the respective social media platform providers linked above.
As the owner of the Company Social Media Webpage, we can view the information stored in your respective public profile when you visit our Company Social Media Webpage. However, we can only do this if you have such a profile on the relevant social media platform and are logged in to it when you access our respective Company Social Media Webpage. Accordingly, you can also visit our Company Social Media Webpage without us having access to the aforementioned information. If we view the information stored in your public profile, we do so in order to be able to offer you and the rest of our target group the most interesting content possible related to the Services.
In addition, the social media platforms providers share with us anonymous usage statistics, which we use to improve the user experience for visitors to our Company Social Media Webpage. However, we do not have access to the usage data (Personal Information) that the social media platform providers collect to compile these statistics. The social media platform providers are therefore always to be considered as the data controller with regard to the processing of this data.
Our own data processing in connection with our social media profiles serves and is based on our (and your) legitimate interest (legal basis) in improving the user experience when visiting the respective Company Social Media Webpage.
Contact via the messenger of a social media feature
If you communicate with us via a messenger functionality of a social media platform or contact us by linking in your own posts or by reacting (e.g. likes or comments) to one of our posts, we process the following Personal Information in connection with this:
your respective profile name
your first and last name, insofar as this is publicly visible
if applicable, further information stored as public in your profile
your message or the statement of your post or your reaction
the date and time of your interaction
information on whether you are already a customer or possibly interested in our Services.
Furthermore, when contacting us via messenger functionality of a social media platform, you can voluntarily provide additional information that you believe is necessary to process your request.
If your contact contains a request, we process the Personal Information listed here above to process your request and the associated technical administration and also store it in the event that follow-up questions arise. Otherwise, we only process the aforementioned Personal Information to understand whether visitors to our Company Social Media Webpage like our content.
The processing of the aforementioned Personal Information takes place if you express interest in our products on the basis of contractual necessity, i.e. in the initiation of a contractual relationship. Otherwise, it takes place on the basis of mutual interest in good support for visitors to our Company Social Media Webpage and is therefore based on our legitimate interest (legal basis).
There is no obligation to provide the aforementioned Personal Information, but it is not possible for us to process requests or for you to interact with us without it.
Registration for sweepstakes or contests.
We may run sweepstakes and contests. Contact information you provide is used to reach you about the sweepstakes or contest and for other promotional, marketing and business purposes, if permitted by law. In some jurisdictions, we are required to publicly share information of winners.
Visiting our offices.
If you visit our offices, you are required to register as a visitor and provide your name, email address, phone number, company name and time and date of arrival.
Employment applications.
We collect your Personal Information from you such as name, email address, phone number, mailing address, job title, CV/resume and work history, education, interests, professional references, and information regarding your engagement with Airship content and other publications, communications that we exchange with you through online web portals, emails, our chat features, or social media when you request information about our job posting, apply for a job or engage with a job posting, or otherwise communicate with us. For more information specific as to Personal Information we collect and process about California job candidates and Airship employees, please refer to our
Job Applicant
and
Employee Privacy Notice for California Residents
which applies to all California residents who are either job applicants, candidates, or current and former employees of Airship. Furthermore, for information specific as to Personal Information we collect and process about Singapore job candidates and Airship employees, please refer to our
Singapore Job Applicant and Employee Data Protection Policy
which applies to all Singapore residents who are either job applicants, candidates, or current and former employees of Airship.
2.2 Personal Information collected from others.
Information from Other Sources.
We may also receive other information including your Personal Information from service providers, from joint marketing partners, or from publicly available information such as public databases and social media platforms. In particular, we collect the following Personal Information from such other sources: contact information, including mailing addresses, job titles, email addresses, phone numbers, intent data (or user behavior data), information regarding your business use case for our Services, IP addresses, social media profiles including LinkedIn URLs, and custom profiles for purposes of targeted advertising, delivering relevant email content regarding our Services, event promotion, determining eligibility and verifying contact information. When acquiring information from third parties, we will obtain contractual or other legally compliant commitments from the third parties that the information was acquired lawfully and with the appropriate level of consent.
Billing Information.
Through our third-party billing and payment processors, and to the extent we charge you a fee for the Services, we may collect billing, payment, and contract related information from you if you are a business representative of one of our customers. Personal Information collected for billing, payment and contract related purposes is name, title, company name, company address, phone number or email address, country, and payment related information such as accounts.
Under certain circumstances, the credit or debit card or other payment method information you provide in this context may be transmitted by the payment processor. Our payment processor provider is Stripe, Inc. The purpose of this transmission is to process the payment made on an invoice due to us for our Services. The payment processor’s terms and conditions and data protection terms entered into by Airship with the payment processor as our data processor or service provider apply to such payment transactions..
3. How does Airship use Personal Information and what are the legal bases for these uses?
We use Personal Information that we collect about you or that you provide to us for a range of different business purposes. Depending on how you interact with us, we and our third-party service providers use Personal Information in a variety of ways, including:
3.1 Providing information and Services you requested.
We use the Personal Information about you to fulfill requests for programs, Services, or information that you may request such as information about potential or future Services, namely to: (a) generally manage your information and accounts; (b) respond to questions, comments and requests; (c) provide access to certain areas and features of the Services; (d) link or combine information we get from others to help understand your needs and provide you with better Services; and (e) allow you to register for events, participate in a contest or promotion, post in a forum or participate in webinars, and provide related information and communications.
Legal bases for our use of your Personal Information under applicable data protection laws are:
Performance of a contract, e.g. when we provide you with Services, or communicate with you about them. This includes when we use your Personal Information to process Orders or payments orders, or deliver the Services you requested;
Our legitimate business interests and the interests of our customers to process your request, and further (to the extent our interests also prevail in this regard) to improve our Services, to detect and prevent fraud and abuse in order to protect the security of our customers, ourselves, or others, and partly to provide you with advertising based on the interests you indicate to us; or
Your consent when we ask for your consent to process your Personal Information for a specific purpose that we communicate to you via a link or by combining information we get from others. When you consent to our processing your Personal Information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time and we will stop processing of your data for that purpose.
3.2 To fulfill a contract or take steps linked to a contract.
This is relevant when you register for or subscribe to the Airship Platform. We use the Personal Information about you to take steps to enter into a contract or to fulfill the obligations of a contract to which you are a party, namely: (a) to fulfill your and prospective customers’ requests related to the Airship Platform or other products that you have requested; (b) to provide you with the Airship Platform for which you have registered; (c) perform internal quality control; (d) to provide, maintain, and improve our Services; (e) verify identity; (f) send communications regarding the Services, your account, or any changes to any Airship policy or terms of use; (g) process payments; (h) provide technical and customer support; and (i) enforce our Terms of Use, Acceptable Use Policy or other agreement entered into with you.
Legal bases for our use of your Personal Information under applicable data protection laws are:
Performance of a contract, e.g. when we provide you with Services, or communicate with you about them. This includes when we use your Personal Information to process orders, deliver Services, and process payments; or
Our legitimate business interests and the interests of our customers to fulfill our contractual obligations, and further (to the extent our interests prevail in this regard) to improve our Services.
3.3 Marketing products and services.
We use Personal Information about you, in most cases with your prior consent, to provide you with materials about offers, products and services offered by us, including new content or information about future services. We provide you with these materials by phone, postal mail, text or email, as permitted by applicable law. Such uses include: (a) to tailor content, advertisements, and offers; (b) to notify you about offers, products, and services that may be of interest to you; (c) measure interest in the Services; (d) process and deliver contest entries and rewards; (e) monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with our Services; or (f) for other purposes disclosed at the time that you provide Personal Information;. If you do not wish us to use your Personal Information for marketing purposes, you may contact us at any time to opt out of the use of your Personal Information for such purposes, as further described below in Section 11 (Your Privacy Rights).
Legal bases for our use of your Personal Information under applicable data protection laws are:
Our legitimate business interests (to the extent our interests prevail) to improve our Services, to detect and prevent fraud and abuse in order to protect the security of our customers, ourselves, or others, and partly to provide you with interest-based advertising; or
Your consent when we ask for your consent to process your Personal Information for a specific purpose that we communicate to you, e.g. link or combine information we get from others. When you consent to our processing your Personal Information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time and we will stop the processing of your data for that purpose.
3.4 Research and development.
We use your Personal Information to create de-identified information that we use alone or in the aggregate with information obtained from other sources, in order to help us to optimally deliver our existing Services,develop new products, processes and services, or develop content related to industry trends and market reports and analyses. De-identified or aggregated information is used for a variety of functions, including the measurement of visitors’ interest in and use of various portions or features of the Services, and usage trends for mobile applications and websites. After this process of de-identification, de-identified or aggregated information is not Personal Information, does not identify you or any individual, and we use such information in a number of ways, including research, internal analysis, analytics, benchmark or industry reports, and any other legally permissible purposes. We share this information internally within Airship and with our customers or partners for our or their purposes in a de-identified or aggregated form that is designed to prevent anyone from identifying you.
Legal bases for our use of your Personal Information under applicable data protection laws are:
Our legitimate business interests (to the extent our interests prevail) to improve our Services; or
Your consent when we ask for your consent to process your Personal Information for a specific purpose that we communicate to you via a link, contract, or by combined information we get from others. When you consent to our processing your Personal Information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time and we will stop processing of your data for that purpose.
3.5 Recruitment and employment.
Based on your interest in a role with Airship, we use Personal Information within the recruitment and job application process for the assessment of your application and, if an employment relationship is established, also for the execution of the employment relationship.
Legal bases for our use of your Personal Information under applicable data protection laws are:
The performance of a contact (e.g. in entering in an employment agreement with you).
Our legitimate business interests (to the extent our interests prevail) in recruiting, employment, and responding to any potential legal claims.
Your consent when we ask for your consent to process your Personal Information for a specific purpose that we communicate to you via a job application link or post, contract, or by combined information we get from others. When you consent to our processing your Personal Information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time and we will stop processing of your data for that purpose.
Compliance with a legal obligation when we use your Personal Information to comply with laws, including local labor and employment laws.
For California residents, more information specific as to Personal Information we collect and process about California job candidates and Airship employees is available in our Job Applicant and Employee Privacy Notice for California Residents which applies to all California residents who are either job applicants, candidates, or current and former employees of Airship.
For Singapore residents, more information specific as to Personal Information we collect and process about Singapore job candidates and Airship employees is available in our
Singapore Job Applicant and Employee Data Protection Policy
which applies to all Singapore residents who are either job applicants, candidates, or current and former employees of Airship.
3.6 Public content.
If you post any content to our website forums or social media accounts, we publish this content and make it generally available to any user or visitor of our website or Company Social Media Webpages.
Legal bases for our use of your Personal Information under applicable data protection laws are:
Your consent to publish your content when you decide to post it on our website forums or Company Social Media Webpages. When you consent to our processing your Personal Information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time and we will stop processing of your data for that purpose; or
Our legitimate business interests and the interests of our customers to provide you with the requested information, when we detect and prevent fraud and abuse in order to protect the security of our customers, ourselves, or others, and partly when we provide you with interest-based advertising, and further (to the extent our interests also prevail in this regard) to improve our Services.
3.7 Complying with legal obligations.
As permitted by local laws, we use your Personal Information when cooperating with public and government authorities, courts or regulators in accordance with our legal obligation under applicable laws to protect our rights or as necessary to protect against misuse or abuse of our Sites or Services, prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities and fraud, promote safety and security of the Services and in protecting our rights and the rights of others, pursuing remedies available to us and limiting our damages, complying with judicial proceedings, court orders or legal processes or to respond to lawful requests.
Legal bases for our use of your Personal Information under applicable data protection laws are:
Compliance with a legal obligation when we use your Personal Information to comply with laws. For instance, we collect customer place of establishment and bank account information for identity verification purposes.
4. With whom does Airship share Personal Information?
We disclose your information to third parties only as necessary to carry out your request, for a variety of our professional or legitimate business purposes, including to provide our Services, to protect us or others, in the event of a major business transaction such as a merger, sale, or asset transfer, as described below, or as otherwise required or permitted by law. Where we do transfer your Personal Information to third parties or service providers, appropriate safeguards will be in place in order to ensure correct and secure data processing in compliance with applicable data protection law.
4.1 Disclosures to provide our Services.
Service Providers.
Airship may share Personal Information with our service providers that we have retained to perform services on our behalf for business purposes and to support our internal operations including (i) provision of IT, hosting, backup, storage, and related services; (ii) provision of information and Services you have requested; (iii) payment processing and to collect amounts owed to Airship; (iv) customer service activities; (v) recruitment activities and job postings; and (vi) professional advisors including lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers. These third-party service providers may have access to or process your Personal Information for the purpose of providing these services for us. Payment information will be used and shared only to effectuate your order and may be stored by a service provider for purposes of future orders. Airship has executed appropriate contracts with our service providers that prohibit service providers from using or sharing your Personal Information except as necessary to perform the contracted services on our behalf or to comply with applicable legal requirements. We retain control over the Personal Information in question and remain the data controller.
Business Partners.
From time to time, Airship may partner with other companies to jointly offer products, services or programs (such as webinars, events or downloadable content). If you purchase, specifically express interest in, or register for a jointly-offered product, service or program from or through Airship, we may share your Personal Information with our business partners. We also share your Personal Data with technology and solution partners in connection with customer or technical support, marketing, business development and account management. In such instances, our partner will process the relevant Personal Data as a separate data controller and the partner’s use and control over your Personal Data will be governed by their privacy policy. If you do not wish for your Personal Information to be shared in this manner, you may opt not to purchase or to specifically express interest in a jointly-offered product service, or program, or you may otherwise opt-out through any mechanism offered at the time the Personal Information is collected.
Affiliates.
We may share Personal Information with our affiliated companies including from other countries in which the Airship Group has operations in connection with customer or technical support, marketing, business development, recruiting, operations, account management, events or webinars, for general business purposes, in order to protect, exercise, establish or defend legal rights, where we are legally required to do so and to receive professional advice. Unless there is an adequacy decision by the European Commission for the respective third country outside the European Economic Area, such sharing is carried out on the basis that the transfer is necessary for the performance of a contract.
Advertising Partners.
Through our Sites, we may allow third-party advertising partners to set technologies and other tracking tools to collect information regarding your activities and your device ( your IP address, mobile identifiers, page(s) visited, location, time of day). Subject to the legal bases described in Section 3 (How does Airship use Personal Information and what are the legal bases for these uses?) above, we may also combine and share such information and other information (such as demographic information and past purchase history) with third-party advertising partners. These advertising partners may use this information (and similar information collected from other websites) for purposes of delivering targeted advertisements regarding our Services to you when you visit third-party websites within their networks. This practice is commonly referred to as “interest-based advertising” or “online behavioral advertising.” We may allow access to other data collected by the Sites to share information that may be useful, relevant, valuable or otherwise of interest to you based on the interest you indicated via our Sites. Please refer to Section 5 (What device and usage data does Airship process?) below for more information on how these technologies and tracking tools work. If you prefer not to share your Personal Information with third-party advertising partners, you may follow the instructions in Section 11 (Your privacy rights. ) below. For California Residents, additional information is available in our
California Privacy Rights Notice
.
4.2 Disclosures to protect us or others.
Protection of Airship and others.
We may disclose Personal Information about you when we have a good faith belief that we are required to provide information: (a) if we are required to do so by law, court order or legal process; (b) in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements (but only in accordance with Airship’s Policy on Response to Public Authority Requests for Personal Data); (c) under the discovery process in litigation; (d) to enforce Airship policies or contracts; (e) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss or in connection with an investigation or prosecution of suspected or actual illegal activity; or (f) if we, believe that disclosure is otherwise necessary or advisable. In addition, from time to time, server logs and other systems may be reviewed for security purposes (e.g., to detect unauthorized activity on the Services). In such cases, records containing Personal Information may be shared with service providers, third parties and law enforcement bodies in order that they may prevent fraud or a security issue in accordance with the Airship Acceptable Use Policy and/or identify users in connection with their investigation of the unauthorized activities.
4.3 Disclosure in the event of merger, sale, or other asset transfers.
Business Transfers.
We reserve the right to disclose or transfer any Personal Information in the event of a proposed or actual purchase, any reorganization, sale, lease, merger, joint venture, assignment, amalgamation or any other type of acquisition, disposal or financing of all or any portion of our business or of any of the business assets or shares (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceeding).
5. What device and usage data does Airship process?
Like many companies, Airship uses services that employ cookies and other technologies to collect Personal Information (including the identifiers and internet activity information described here) about your use of our Sites or Services, which helps us to deliver to you improved Services performance, relevant information, or targeted ads. As part of this process, we use common information-gathering tools for collecting usage data, cookies, web beacons and similar technologies to automatically collect information that may contain Personal Information from your computer or mobile device as you navigate our Sites or use our Services.
5.1 Cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies in our Services.
As you navigate the Sites and use the Services, certain passive information is also collected through the use of cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies to obtain certain information about your computer, device, browsing actions, and patterns. This includes IP addresses, cookie IDs, navigational data, content clicked, the name of the domain and host from which you access the Internet, the browser software you use and your operating system, your browser settings, your device type and similar information, the date and time you access our Services and other device identifiers. This type of information is used for the purposes of gathering data to provide improved administration of our Services and to improve the quality of your experience when interacting with our Services (see Your Privacy Rights section below for more information). If you consent to the use of cookies and web beacons when you navigate and use the Services, we will collect information through those tools.
Where your Personal Information is collected through these technologies by Airship as Controller, it will be processed in accordance with the provisions of this Privacy Statement.
Where third party technologies allow our partners to collect and process your Personal Information, we encourage you to review their privacy policy to see the terms and conditions under which your Personal Information will be processed by them. A link to these privacy policies is included for each of our partners in the cookie providers table provided at the end of this Privacy Statement. For California residents, additional information is included in our
California Privacy Rights Notice
.
Cookies.
A cookie is a small text file that a website saves on your computer or mobile device when you visit the website. Cookies are then sent back to the originating website on each subsequent visit, or to another website that recognizes that cookie, to develop a record of the user’s online activity. When you visit our Sites, we or an authorized third party may place a cookie on your browser and/or device which collects information, including Personal Information, about your online activities over time and across different sites. Cookies allow us to track usage, determine your browsing preferences and improve and customize your browsing experience. For more information about cookies and web beacons, please visit
http://www.allaboutcookies.org/
(French version:
https://www.allaboutcookies.org/fr/
. German version:
https://www.allaboutcookies.org/ge/
).
We use both session-based and persistent cookies on our Sites. Session-based cookies exist only during one session and disappear from your computer when you close your browser or turn off your computer or device. Persistent cookies remain on your computer or device after you close or turn off. You can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level, but choosing to disable cookies may limit your use of certain features or functions on our Services.
Types of cookies on our Sites:
Essential Cookies.
These cookies are necessary for the Sites to function and cannot be switched off. Some examples include: session cookies needed to transmit the Sites, authentication cookies, and security cookies. These cookies also support certain features on the Sites, such as the live chat feature. Further description of the purposes of the essential cookies used in our Sites is available in the Cookies Settings at the bottom of this web page. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the Sites will then not work.
Through the use of some of these cookies, Airship collects and processes certain Personal Information about you in order to carry out the above purposes. This includes your IP address, session identifiers, browser and/or terminal information, browsing data and preferences (including your choice of cookies). The legal basis for the processing of this Personal Information is the legitimate interest of Airship in ensuring that the Sites function correctly to the preferences indicated by each user. Your Personal Information will be kept only for the time necessary to fulfill the above-mentioned purposes.
The list of our partners authorized to deposit essential cookies is available in the cookie providers table provided at the end of this Privacy Statement and in the Cookies Setting at the bottom of this page.
Functional and Analytics Cookies.
Functional cookies enhance functions, performance and services on the Services. They enable us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our Services. Functional cookies also enable us to improve how our Services function and to help us provide you with more relevant communications, including marketing communications. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around and use the Services. We may use our own technology or third-party technology to track and analyze usage information to provide enhanced interactions and more relevant communications and to enable certain features on the Services. We also use Google Analytics and Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting and other similar providers to collect information regarding visitor behavior and visitor demographics on some of our Services, and to develop website content. Further description of the purposes of the functional and analytics cookies used in our Services is available in the Cookies Settings at the bottom of this web page.
Through the use of some of these cookies, Airship collects and processes certain Personal Information about you in order to carry out the above purposes. This includes your IP address, browser and/or terminal information, navigational data and content clicked. The legal basis for processing this Personal Information is your prior consent when we ask for your consent to process your Personal Information for the specific purpose of each Functional and Analytics cookie. Your Personal Information will be kept only for the time necessary to fulfill the above-mentioned purposes.
The list of our partners authorized to deposit functional and analytics cookies is available in the cookie providers table provided at the end of this Privacy Statement and in the Cookies Setting at the bottom of this page.
Marketing Cookies.
These cookies track activity across websites in order to understand a visitor’s interest, and to direct specific marketing to them. Targeting and advertising cookies may be set through our Sites by our service providers. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant advertisements on other sites. Further description of the purposes of the targeting cookies used in our Sites is available in the Cookies Settings.
Through the use of some of these cookies, Airship collects and processes certain Personal Information about you in order to carry out the above purposes. This includes your IP address, unique identifier, location information, information about your browser and/or terminal, your interests as identified through your browsing, the advertising content you have viewed and your interactions with that content. The legal basis for processing this Personal Information is your prior consent when we ask for your consent to process your Personal Information for the specific purpose of each Marketing cookie. Your Personal Information will be kept only for the time necessary to fulfill the above-mentioned purposes.
The list of our service providers authorized to deposit targeting cookies is available in the cookie providers table provided at the end of this Privacy Statement and in the Cookies Setting at the bottom of this page.
For more information about cookies, and how to disable them, please see “Your Privacy Choices” below.
Web beacons.
We also use web beacons (sometimes called “pixel tags” or “tracking pixels”). These are tiny graphics files that contain a unique identifier that is embedded in our Sites and in our emails or other communications that are sent through our Services. This enables us, for example, to monitor the traffic patterns of users from one page within our Site to another, to track access to the communications sent through our Services, to understand whether you have come to our Sites from an online advertisement displayed on a third-party website or whether you have viewed advertisements on our Sites or through the Services, or to improve our Sites’ performance.
Legal basis for our use of your Personal Information under applicable data protection laws in relation to Web beacons is your consent when we ask for your consent to process your Personal Information for the specific purpose of each of such Web beacons.
To change your cookie settings (including Web beacon settings) and preferences for the Sites you are visiting, use the Cookie Settings link at the bottom of the webpage.
For more information about Web beacons, and how to disable them, please see “Your Privacy Choices” below. SDKs. We may use third party APIs and software development kits (“SDKs”) as part of the functionality of our Services. APIs and SDKs may allow third parties, including analytics and advertising partners, to collect your Personal Information for various purposes including to provide analytics services and content that is more relevant to you.
5.2 Social media features.
Airship collects Personal Information as described above in Section 2.1 in the Social Media Content to enable individuals to use online social media resources offered either by Airship or a third party. We may also enable you to use these social media resources to post or share Personal Information with others. When using social media resources, you should take into careful consideration what Personal Information you share with others.
In addition, social media links such as Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter, Instagram,YouTube, SoundCloud and Slideshare (that might include widgets such as the “share this” button or other interactive mini-programs) are on our Site. These features collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. These social media features are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these features apart from your visit to our Site are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
5.3 Chat Technologies
We use chat technologies provided by third-party service providers that employ cookies and software code to operate the chat features you can use to communicate with us through our Sites. We and such third-party vendors may monitor, record and use information from your interactions with our Sites. This information includes details you have shared through online chats, data on sections of the Sites you have visited, your IP address and your general geographic information (e.g., city, state). This Personal Information may be processed for the purposes outlined in Sections 3.1 (Providing information and Services you requested.) and 3.4 (Research and development.) of this Privacy Statement.
6. International data transfers.
We store Personal Information sent or collected via or by us in the United States or the European Economic Area, in the cloud, our servers, the servers of our affiliates or the servers of our service providers. To facilitate our global operations, we may transfer, store and access such information from the locations where Airship has operations – specifically the United States, France, Germany, the United Kingdom, Singapore, or India. Your Personal Information may be processed in any of these countries, and they may have data protection laws that are different or that may not provide the same level of data protection as your country. In the event of data transfers outside of the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, Switzerland, or Singapore among Airship affiliates, and with our service providers and data processors , we rely on international transfer mechanisms such as the European Commission approved Standard Contractual Clauses, as described in Section 7 below (EU-US Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”), UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework (“Swiss-U.S. DPF”), adequacy decisions about certain countries, or we will ask you for your prior consent for the transfer of your Personal Information, as applicable. In addition, we ensure the recipient of your Personal Information has in place adequate levels of protection for your Personal Information.
When you visit one of our Company Social Media Webpages on a social media platform as described in Section 2.1 (2.1 Personal Information we collect directly. Social Media Content.) above, Personal Information may be transferred to providers in countries outside the European Economic Area, which, from the perspective of the European Union (“EU”), do not ensure an “adequate level of protection” for the processing of Personal Information in line with EU standards. Please bear this in mind before clicking on a link or visiting directly a Company Social Media Webpage and thereby triggering a transfer of your data.
For more information about the protections in place and a sample copy of the model contractual clauses, please contact us at
privacy@airship.com
.
7. EU-US Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”), UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework (“Swiss-U.S. DPF”)*
Airship complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.  Airship has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of Personal Information received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.  Airship has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the relevant Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Airship commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your Personal Information.  EU, UK, or Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of Personal Information received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact Airship at:
privacy@airship.com
.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Airship commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of Personal Information received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution
for more information or to file a complaint.  The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you. Under certain conditions, an individual may invoke binding arbitration for complaints regarding DPF compliance not resolved by JAMS as described here above.  More information is available at:
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/ANNEX-I-introduction-dpf?tabset-35584=2
.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Airship commits to cooperate and comply respectively with the advice of the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs) and the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning our handling of human resources data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF in the context of the employment relationship.
Airship remains liable for the processing of Personal Information received under the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF and subsequently transferred to a third party acting on our behalf if this entity processes such Personal Information in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Airship’s compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF. In certain situations, we may be required to disclose Personal Information  in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements and we will do so in accordance with the
Airship’s Policy on Response to Public Authority Requests for Personal Data
.
*The EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF  do not apply to Airship Group, Inc.’s affiliate, Apptimize, LLC, and the Apptimize Service.
8. What
security measures
does Airship have in place?
The security of Personal Information provided to us is of utmost importance to us. We have implemented industry-standard technical, administrative, and physical safeguards to help protect information on our servers against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your own passwords. If you have reason to believe that your passwords or Personal Information is no longer secure, please promptly notify us at
privacy@airship.com
.
9. How long does Airship retain Personal Information?
We retain the Personal Information we receive as described in this Privacy Statement for a period consistent with the original purpose of collection (see Section 3 (How does Airship use Personal Information and what are the legal bases for these uses?) above) or as long as necessary to fulfill our legal obligations. We determine the appropriate retention period for Personal Information on the basis of the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the Personal Information being processed, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of the Personal Information, whether we can achieve the purposes of the processing through other means, and on the basis of applicable legal requirements (such as applicable statutes of limitation). The Airship corporate Data Retention Policy sets forth the period for Personal Information described in Section 2 (What Personal Information does Airship collect?) of this Privacy Statement. The corporate Data Retention Policy does not apply to customer data collected via the Services, which is subject to data agreements entered into between Airship and the customer. For information specific to data retention periods related to the Airship corporate Data Retention Policy, which is Airship confidential information, please email
privacy@airship.com
. The Data Retention Schedule available here specifies the default data retention settings for the Airship Platform.
After expiry of the applicable retention periods set forth in the Airship corporate Data Retention Policy, your Personal Information will be deleted. If there is any Personal Information that we are unable, for technical reasons, to delete entirely from our systems, we will implement appropriate measures to prevent any further use of such Personal Information.
For more information on data retention periods, please contact us by emailing
privacy@airship.com
.
10. Are Airship’s Sites intended for children?
Due to the nature of our business, Services are not marketed to or intended for minors under the age of 18. Airship does not knowingly solicit or collect Personal Information from children under the age of 16. If you are a parent or guardian and believe your child has provided us with Personal Information without your consent, please contact us by using the Contact Us information below, and we will take steps to delete such Personal Information from our Services.
11. Your privacy rights.
You have certain choices available to you when it comes to your Personal Information. Below is a summary of those choices, how to exercise them and any limitations.
California residents and customers with business in the State of California may read our supplemental
California Privacy Rights Notice
.
Singapore job applicants and employees of Airship Global Pte. Ltd. may read our supplemental
Singapore Job Applicant and Employee Data Protection Policy
.
Opt-out.
Where you have consented to our processing of your Personal Information, you may withdraw that consent at any time and opt out by following the instructions in this Section 11. Additionally, before we use Personal Information for any new purpose not originally authorized by you, we will provide information regarding the new purpose and give you the opportunity to opt in to the new purpose. Where your consent for the processing of Personal Information is otherwise required by law or contract, we will comply with the applicable law or contract. Note that, due to the nature of the Services you may have to log in to your account or provide the email and/or other identifying value or information that is associated with your Personal Information in order for us to be able to complete your request. Note that if you withdraw your consent to processing, some features of the Services may not be available.
Email unsubscribe.
An “Unsubscribe” link will be provided in each email communication sent by us so that you can opt out. However, we may continue to send non-promotional, transaction-related emails in response to your request regarding any products or services of the Airship Platform you have requested. We may also need to send you certain important business communications related to your current relationship with us, such as communications regarding updates to our Terms of Use or this Privacy Statement, service announcements or security information, and you will not be able to opt out of those communications.
Opt-out of cookies and ads.
We will only use cookies with your permission in compliance with applicable laws. You may stop or restrict the placement of technologies on your device or remove them by selecting “Reject All” in the cookie consent manager banner, by adjusting your preferences as your browser or device permits, or for this Site using the Cookies Settings link at the bottom of the webpage in the cookie consent manager banner. You may also opt out by enabling Global Privacy Control (“GPC”) in your web browser or browser extension, which we recognize to the extent required by applicable law as further described below in the Do Not Track subsection. The online advertising industry also provides websites from which you may opt out of receiving targeted ads from data partners and other advertising partners that participate in self-regulatory programs. You can access these and learn more about targeted advertising and consumer choice and privacy, at
www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
,
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
,
https://youradchoices.ca/choices/
, and
www.aboutads.info/choices/
. To separately make choices for mobile apps on a mobile device, you can download DAA’s AppChoices application from your device’s app store. Alternatively, for some devices you may use your device’s platform controls in your settings to exercise choice.
Please note you must separately opt out in each browser and on each device. Advertisements on third-party websites that contain the AdChoices link may have been directed to you based on information collected by advertising partners over time and across websites. These advertisements provide a mechanism to opt out of the advertising partners’ use of this information for interest-based advertising purposes.
Do Not Track.
Do Not Track (“DNT”) is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers. DNT is a way for users to inform websites and services that they do not want certain information about their webpage visits collected over time and across websites or online services. You may opt out by enabling Global Privacy Control (“GPC”) in your web browser or browser extension, which we recognize to the extent required by applicable law. Enabling GPC will automatically set your cookie settings to opt out of the sharing of Personal Information for behavioral advertising. If you choose to use GPC, you will need to turn it on for each supported browser or browser extension you use. Other than GPC, Airship does not recognize or respond to browser-initiated DNT signals, whether that signal is received on a computer or a mobile device. For information about “do-not-track”, visit
http://www.allaboutdnt.org
.
Access, correct, amend, port, restrict processing, or delete Personal Information. You have the right to control or change certain uses and disclosures of your Personal Information, as set out in this Privacy Statement. Subject to any exemptions provided by law, you have the right to: seek confirmation regarding whether we are processing Personal Information about you; request access to Personal Information; request to know more details about the categories or specific pieces of Personal Information we collect; to ask that we correct, update, amend or delete your Personal Information; to ask that we do not sell your Personal Information (where “sale” is defined according to the local regulations in your state of residency); and to not be discriminated against for exercising these rights. Please note that we do not currently sell your Personal Information as “sales” are defined under the laws of Nevada or California, as further detailed below in the sections dedicated to those locations. We will respond to such requests within a reasonable timeframe. California residents and customers with business in the State of California may read our supplemental
California Privacy Rights Notice
for information in addition to and as a complement to the rights listed here as to your rights under the California privacy laws.
You may email
privacy@airship.com
to exercise one of the individual rights outlined above with regard to Personal Information held about you by us. Such requests will be processed in accordance with local laws. We will respond to such requests within a reasonable timeframe. Although we make good faith efforts to provide individuals with access to their Personal Information, there may be circumstances in which we are unable to provide access, including but not limited to: where the information contains legal privilege, would compromise others’ privacy or other legitimate rights, where the burden or expense of providing access would be disproportionate to the risks to the individual’s privacy in the case in question, or where it is commercially proprietary. If we determine that access should be restricted in any particular instance, we will provide you with an explanation of why that determination has been made and a contact point for any further inquiries. To protect your privacy, we will take commercially reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access to or making any changes to your Personal Information. In addition, please note that we may need to retain certain information for record keeping purposes, to complete transactions or to comply with our legal obligations. We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights under the GDPR, CCPA, the Singapore Personal Data Protection Act 2012  or other applicable data privacy laws or regulations.
EU residents.
If you are located in the European Economic Area or the UK, in addition and as a complement to the rights mentioned above, you also have the following rights:
The right of access means that you may, at any time, request to be informed as to whether we are processing any Personal Information concerning you, and, where that is the case, what Personal Information we are processing, as well as the characteristics of the processing activities carried out.
The right of rectification means that you may request rectification of your Personal Information where it is incorrect. You may also request, where your Personal Information is incomplete, that it be completed insofar as it is relevant to the purpose of the processing activity in question.
The right to erasure means that you may request erasure of your Personal Information, particularly where: (i) they are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected (ii) your Personal Information are processed on the basis of your consent, you wish to withdraw consent and there is no other legal ground for the processing of your data (iii) you object to the processing of your Personal Information and wish therefore to have them deleted (iv) your Personal Information have been unlawfully processed; (v) your Personal Information must be deleted to meet a legal obligation provided either under European Union law.
The right of limitation means that you may request that we limit the processing of your Personal Information (i) where you challenge the accuracy of your Personal Information, for a period of time enabling us to verify the accuracy of said Personal Information, (ii) where, processing has been proved to be non-compliant and you prefer that we limit the processing of your Personal Information instead of full erasure, (iii) we no longer need your Personal Information for the purposes of processing but you still need them for the establishment, exercise or defense of a legal claim; (iv) where you have objected to the processing of your Personal Information and you wish to limit processing for the period of time required to verify whether the legitimate reason you present is indeed justified. Limited processing means that processing of your Personal Information will be limited to the mere storage of the corresponding personal data. We will not carry out any other operation involving the Personal Information in question.
The right of objection means that you may object to the processing of your Personal Information, where such processing is based on the pursuit of our legitimate interests (or those of a third party). The right of objection may be exercised where a legitimate reason concerning your particular situation can be proven. In particular, you have a right to object if we process your data for direct marketing purposes. We will cease the processing of your Personal Information unless there is an imperative and legitimate reason for us to keep carrying out this processing activity in accordance with the applicable regulations.
The right to define guidelines regarding what happens to your Personal Information after your death allows you to indicate your instructions concerning your Personal Information and how they are kept, deleted and communicated after your death.
The right to portability means that you may receive, on your request, and according to the applicable legislation, your Personal Information in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, or, on your request, have them communicated directly to a third-party of your choice, where this is legally and technically possible.
The right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority if you believe our processing of your Personal Information violates applicable law.
In addition, you have the right to be informed whether you are subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects (“Automated Decision-Making”) or not. Automated Decision-Making currently does not take place on our Sites or Services.
Special Consent Terms for German Residents
: If you are located in Germany, the following consent terms apply to Personal Information shared by you with Airship via the Sites:
You hereby consent to Airship Group, Inc. (“Airship”) processing your voluntarily provided Personal Information in order to occasionally receive the latest resources, reports and events information from Airship about its mobile marketing and engagement services. Except as otherwise described in this Privacy Statement, your Personal Information will not be forwarded to third parties.
You can withdraw your consent to receive information from Airship about its mobile marketing and engagement services at any time (without any cost) by clicking at the unsubscribe link at the bottom of each of our emails (if applicable, also with regard to the use of your telephone number) or by sending an email to
privacy@airship.com
. The withdrawal of consent shall not affect the lawfulness of the processing carried out on the basis of the consent until revocation.
By submitting your Personal Information via the form on the Sites, you confirm that you agree to the processing of your Personal Information by Airship as described above in this Privacy Statement, which also informs you about your other data subject rights.
California residents.
Please refer to the
California Privacy Rights Notice here
.
Colorado residents.
If you are a resident of Colorado, you have the right to: opt out of the processing of Personal Information; seek confirmation regarding whether we are processing Personal Information about you; request access to Personal Information; request deletion of Personal Information; request correction of inaccuracies in your Personal Information; opt out of processing of your Personal Information for purposes of targeted advertising, the sale of personal data, or profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning the consumer; or obtain and transfer your Personal Information. You can exercise these rights by contacting us at
privacy@airship.com
with the subject line “Colorado Data Rights Request” and providing us with your name and the email address associated with your account.
Nevada residents.
If you are a resident of Nevada, you have the right to: opt out of the processing of Personal Information; opt-out of the sale of certain Personal Information to third parties who intend to license or sell that Personal Information; or request correction of inaccuracies in your Personal Information. You can exercise these rights by contacting us at
privacy@airship.com
with the subject line “Nevada Data Rights Request” and providing us with your name and the email address associated with your account. Please note that we do not currently sell your Personal Information as sales are defined in Nevada Revised Statutes Chapter 603A.
Singapore residents.
If you are a job applicant or employee located in Singapore, you have the rights as described in the
Singapore Job Applicant and Employee Data Protection Policy
.  You may exercise these rights by contacting us at privacy@airship.com.
Virginia residents.
If you are a resident of Virginia, you have the right to: seek confirmation regarding whether we are processing Personal Information about you; request access to Personal Information; request corrections of inaccuracies in your Personal Information; request deletion of Personal Information; or to opt out of processing of your Personal Information for purposes of targeted advertising, the sale of personal data, or profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning the consumer. Please note that we do not currently sell your Personal Information or engage in profiling as those terms are defined in the Virginia Data Consumer Protection Act. You can exercise these rights by contacting us at
privacy@airship.com
with the subject line “Virginia Data Rights Request” and providing us with your name and the email address associated with your account.
Customer Data.
If you are an individual seeking to exercise your data protection rights (including to seek access to, or to correct, amend, delete, port or restrict processing) in respect of Personal Information stored or processed by us on behalf of one of our customers within the Airship Platform, then you should direct your request to our customer (the data controller). Upon receipt of a request from one of our customers for us to remove the personal data, we will respond to their request within provided in our agreements with the customer. We will retain Personal Information that we process and store on behalf of our customers for as long as needed to provide the services to our customers.
Redress, compliance and accountability.
If, after reviewing this Privacy Statement, you would like to submit a request or you have any questions or privacy concerns, please contact:
privacy@airship.com
or use the contact information in Section 14 (Contact Us) below.
Airship will address your concerns and attempt to resolve any privacy issues in a timely manner.
If you are an EU, Swiss or UK citizen and feel that Airship is not abiding by the terms of this Privacy Statement, please contact us at the contact information provided below. If any request remains unresolved, you may contact the national data protection authority for your EU Member State, Switzerland or United Kingdom.
EU Representative:
Airship France S.A.S has been appointed as Airship’s representative in the EU for data protection matters, pursuant to Article 27 of the EU GDPR. To make an inquiry on matters related to the processing of Personal Information under the EU GDPR, please contact Airship France S.A.S at:
Airship France S.A.S
33 rue La Fayette
75009
Paris, France
AirshipLegalEU@airship.com
UK Representative:
Urban Airship UK Ltd. has been appointed as Airship’s representative in the UK for data protection matters, pursuant to Article 27 of the UK GDPR. To make an inquiry on matters related to the processing of Personal Information under the EU GDPR, please contact Urban Airship UK, Ltd. at:
Urban Airship UK Ltd.
WeWork
c/o Urban Airship UK
1 St Katharine’s Way
LondonE1W 1UN, United Kingdom
AirshipLegalUK@airship.com
12. Third party sites
Please note that our Services may contain links to other websites or digital properties for your convenience and information. We do not control third-party websites, digital properties or their privacy practices, which may differ from those set out in this Privacy Statement. We do not endorse or make any representations about partner or third-party websites or digital properties. Any Personal Information you choose to give to an unrelated third party is not covered by this Privacy Statement. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of any company, website or digital property before submitting your Personal Information. Some third parties may choose to share their users’ Personal Information with us; that sharing is governed by that company’s privacy policy, not this Privacy Statement.
13. Changes to this Privacy Statement
We may update this Privacy Statement from time to time as deemed necessary in our sole discretion. We will provide notification of any material changes to this Privacy Statement through our Sites or as otherwise required by applicable law. We encourage you to review this Privacy Statement periodically to be informed regarding how we are using and protecting your Personal Information and to be aware of any policy changes. Your continued relationship with us after the posting or notice of any amended Privacy Statement shall constitute your agreement to be bound by any such changes. Any changes to this Privacy Statement take effect immediately after being posted or otherwise provided by us.
14. Contact Us
If you have any questions about our privacy practices or this Privacy Statement, or if you wish to submit a request to exercise your rights, please contact us at:
Airship Group, Inc.
548 Market St
PMB 698370
San Francisco, California 94104-5401
privacy@airship.com
1-855-391-5311
Cookie Providers for Airship.com
Necessary Cookies
Service provider
Privacy policy
CloudFlare
https://www.cloudflare.com/en-ca/privacypolicy/
Django
https://www.djangoproject.com/
F5
https://www.f5.com/company/policies/f5-big-ip-services-privacy-statement
OneTrust
https://www.onetrust.com/privacy/
Zendesk
https://www.zendesk.de/company/agreements-and-terms/privacy-policy/?_ga=2.123017803.179450336.1628117080-1095846790.1625160489
Functional and Analytics Cookies
Service provider
Privacy policy
Bizible / Marketo
https://documents.marketo.com/legal/privacy/
Google
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Hotjar
https://www.hotjar.com/privacy/
New Relic
https://newrelic.com/termsandconditions/privacy
Segment
https://segment.com/legal/privacy/
Unbounce
https://unbounce.com/privacy/
Zendesk
https://www.zendesk.de/company/agreements-and-terms/privacy-policy/?_ga=2.123017803.179450336.1628117080-1095846790.1625160489
Targeting Cookies
Service provider
Privacy policy
Atlassian Jira Servicedesk
https://www.atlassian.com/legal/privacy-policy
Bing Ads
https://about.ads.microsoft.com/en-gb/resources/policies/microsoft-advertising-privacy-policy
Google
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Facebook
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
LinkedIn
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
Twitter
https://twitter.com/en/privacy
Cookie Providers for Apptimize.com
Necessary Cookies
Service provider
Privacy policy
CloudFlare
https://www.cloudflare.com/en-ca/privacypolicy/
F5
https://www.f5.com/company/policies/f5-big-ip-services-privacy-statement
OneTrust
https://www.onetrust.com/privacy/
Zendesk
https://www.zendesk.de/company/agreements-and-terms/privacy-policy/?_ga=2.123017803.179450336.1628117080-1095846790.1625160489
Functional and Analytics Cookies
Service provider
Privacy policy
Bizible / Marketo
https://documents.marketo.com/legal/privacy/
CloudFoundry
https://www.linuxfoundation.org/privacy
Google
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Hotjar
https://www.hotjar.com/privacy/
New Relic
https://newrelic.com/termsandconditions/privacy
Segment
https://segment.com/legal/privacy/
Stripe
https://stripe.com/privacy
Zendesk
https://www.zendesk.de/company/agreements-and-terms/privacy-policy/?_ga=2.123017803.179450336.1628117080-1095846790.1625160489
Targeting Cookies
Service provider
Privacy policy
Bing Ads
https://about.ads.microsoft.com/en-gb/resources/policies/microsoft-advertising-privacy-policy
Google
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Heap Analytics (heap.io)
https://heap.io/privacy
Facebook
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
LinkedIn
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
Pardot (Salesforce)
https://www.salesforce.com/eu/gdpr/pardot/
https://www.salesforce.com/company/privacy/
Twitter
https://twitter.com/en/privacy
Cookie Providers for Gummicube.com
Necessary Cookies
Service provider
Privacy policy
Google
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Functional and Analytics Cookies
Service provider
Privacy policy
Google
https://policies.google.com/privacy
LinkedIn
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
Targeting Cookies
Service provider
Privacy policy
Google
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Opt in to Web Notifications to stay up-to-date.
Opt In
Not Now
We use cookies to enhance your browsing experience, personalize content and to help us better understand how you use our sites. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners. To set your own preferences and to learn more about the cookies we use click "Cookie Settings" in the footer. If we have detected the GPC opt-out preference signal, then it will be honored.
Privacy Policy
Cookies Settings
Reject All
Accept All Cookies
Sub-policy 6
https://newrelic.com/privacy/:
Opens in a new window
Opens an external website
Opens an external website in a new window
Close this dialog
Cookie Consent
Storage Preferences
We use cookies and other tracking technologies to make our website work, enhance your website experience, analyze website traffic, and support our marketing efforts. By using our website or clicking a button in this banner, you consent to our use of these technologies. To opt out of third-party marketing, advertising and tracking technologies, please select “Your Privacy Choices” below.
You may change your settings at any time or accept the default settings.
You may close this banner to continue with only essential cookies.
Privacy Notice
Targeted Advertising
Personalization
Analytics
Save
Accept All
Reject All
Skip to main content
New Relic Now+
New Relic’s most transformative platform update yet with 20+ product launches.
Watch the event on-demand now.
New Relic, Inc.
General Data Privacy Notice
Last updated February 28, 2025*
Welcome to New Relic! New Relic's full-stack data analysis platform enables businesses to have a clearer view of what’s happening in their software.
Want to learn how New Relic processes data when you use or interact with our Services?  See our
Services Data Privacy Notice
.
For California Residents, please see our
California Privacy Notice
.
Interested in applying for a job at New Relic?  See our
Applicant Privacy Policy
to understand how New Relic uses the information you provide when you apply.
For California Residents, please see our
California Applicant Privacy Notice
.
This New Relic General Data Privacy Notice (“General Privacy Notice”) explains who we are, how we collect, share and use Personal Data about you, and how you can exercise your privacy rights. We are committed to protecting your information and being transparent about the information we collect about you and how we use it.
We recommend that you read this General Privacy Notice in full to ensure you are informed. If you have any questions about this General Privacy Notice please see
Section 17 (How to Contact Us)
. If there’s a particular section you’re interested in reviewing, click on a link below to jump to that spot.
1.
Definitions
2.
Who We Are
3.
The Information We Collect About You
4.
How We Use Your Personal Data
5.
How We Share Your Personal Data
6.
Legal Basis for Processing Your Personal Data
7.
How Long We Hold Your Personal Data
8.
International Data Transfers
9.
Your Choices and Data Protection Rights
10.
Do Not Track and Global Privacy Control
11.
Advertising
12.
Third Party Websites and Social Media Widgets
13.
AI Chatbot
14.
Security of Your Personal Data
15.
Children
16.
Changes to this General Privacy Notice
17.
How to Contact Us
1. Definitions
“Personal Data” means any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual, including, for example, your name, phone number, post code or zip code, Device ID, IP address and email address.  Further information about the Personal Data that we collect, where we collect it from, and how we use it is set out below.
“Sites” means the websites that display or link to this General Privacy Notice, such as
www.newrelic.com
,
status.newrelic.com
,
learn.newrelic.com
,
discuss.newrelic.com
,
www.newrelic.jp
,
www.newrelic.de
,
codestream.com
,
pixielabs.ai
,
relibirds.newrelic-es.com
and any related New Relic website operated by New Relic.
Undefined terms used in this General Privacy Notice have the same definition as in our
Terms of Service
.
2. Who We Are
New Relic, Inc. makes monitoring services and tools available via several platforms, including pixielabs.ai, newrelic.com, and codestream.com.  When you create an account with us via one of our platforms, your information is controlled by New Relic, Inc.
New Relic, Inc. is a Delaware corporation headquartered at 188 Spear Street, Suite 1200, San Francisco, CA 94105. New Relic, Inc. has offices, subsidiaries and affiliated companies all around the world (collectively “New Relic”, “we”, “us”, “our”, and “ours”).
For more information about New Relic, please see the
“About Us”
section of our Sites.
3. The Information We Collect About You
New Relic collects Personal Data about you both offline and online. Offline information about you originates from our interactions with you, for example, during in-person meetings or at New Relic events, conferences, or workshops. Online information originates from your activities on our Sites and third party sources.
The Personal Data we may collect includes information such as your name, mailing or billing address, credit card information, username, GitHub ID, email address, company name, IP or MAC address.  We collect this information so we know who you are for various reasons, including to communicate with you, bill you correctly, and to enable you to log-in to and use New Relic Sites and New Relic Separate Platforms.
For more information on the types of Personal Data we collect and how we may receive it, click on “Read more”.
Read more
We may collect offline or online data, such as contact and financial information,  from you directly, automatically, or from third parties, such as data aggregators, that may not have a relationship with you.
a. Personal Data Categories
Personal Data category
Examples of Personal Data included
Contact information
Your name, job title, company name, mailing address, phone number, email address, username, password. Please note that if you are participating in a New Relic online game, e.g., Relibirds, or in any online forum, e.g., New Relic Explorers Hub, you will be prompted to enter a unique username or alias. As this will be publicly visible, New Relic recommends using an alias here instead of your own name/surname.
Financial & billing information
Your billing name and address, credit card number, bank account information
Event visitor information
Your name, title, company name, mailing address, country, phone number, email address
Community profile information
Username, photo and/or biographical information, such as your occupation, social media profiles, profile on Stack Overflow, Github ID, company name, areas of expertise, custom profiles
Office visitor information
Your name, email address, phone number, photograph, company name, time and date of arrival
Pictures, videos, & audio recordings
Images of you captured during a New Relic event or promotion in photos or videos and/or recordings of you made during a research or a promotional session or event with your consent
Device & geographic information
IP address, device type, unique device identification numbers, browser-type, broad geographic location (e.g. country or city-level location), user ID, and other technical information
Information about how your device has interacted with our Sites, including the pages accessed and links clicked
b. Personal Data we collect directly from you includes contact, financial and billing, event visitor, community profile, and office visitor information, as well as pictures, videos and audio recordings, and data we collect automatically, which includes device and geographic information.
Personal Data category
Examples of how it may be collected by New Relic directly
Collected automatically
Contact information
If you
express an interest in obtaining additional information about our Services
request customer support
use our "Contact Us" or similar features
register to use our Sites and other New Relic platforms, such as pixielabs.ai, sign up for or attend an event, webinar or contest
download certain content, such as whitepapers from our Sites or third-party sites
participate in a New Relic research study or promotion
initiate a chat via the New Relic AI chatbot feature on our Site
No
Financial & billing information
If you
make purchases via our Sites
register for an event or webinar
No
Event visitor information
If you
attend an event
No
Community profile information
We may collect this data in a variety of contexts.
If you
attend a New Relic promotion or event, your image may be captured in a photo or video
participate in a New Relic research study your research session may be recorded with your consent.
No
Web traffic information
If you
visit our Sites
Some of this information may be collected using cookies and similar tracking technology, as explained further in the
New Relic Cookie Policy
.
Yes
If you provide to us or to our service providers any Personal Data relating to other individuals or third parties (such as your beneficiaries, references for job candidates, or referrals for the purposes of collaboration within the New Relic platform), you represent that you have the authority to do so and permit us to use the Personal Data in accordance with this General Privacy Notice. If you would like to exercise your rights relating to your Personal Data, please see
Section 9 (Your Choices and Data Protection Rights)
.
If you are that beneficiary or any other third party whose Personal Data was provided to New Relic on your behalf and with your consent, and you would like to exercise your rights relating to your Personal Data, please see
Section 9 (Your Choices and Data Protection Rights)
.
c.
We may collect the following types of Personal Data about you from third parties
that supply us with Personal Data in order to help us establish an account, target our marketing, or fulfill orders in partnership with our resellers.
Our third party company relationships help us to update, expand, and analyze our Personal Data records, identify new customers, optimize our Sites and Services, create more tailored advertising to provide services that may be of interest to you, and manage open source projects.
Personal Data that we collect from third party sources include:
Example Categories of Personal Data
Third party source
Contact information
Intent data (or user behavior data)
Device and geographic information
Community profile information
Providers of business contact information
Resellers, referral and joint marketing partners, distributors, managed service providers, IAAS or PAAS partners, cloud providers, and other technical alliances
Details about a potential customers’ software environment
Resellers, referral and joint marketing partners, distributors, managed service providers, IAAS or PAAS partners, cloud providers, and other technical alliances
User account information
Vendors
User account information
Code repository platforms, such as GitHub
Contact information
Companies that host an event or sponsor an event
We have checked that these third parties have an appropriate legal basis to provide us this Personal Data, such as your consent, a legitimate business interest, or are otherwise legally permitted or required to disclose your Personal Data.
4. How We Use Your Personal Data
In general, Personal Data we collect from you or about you from third parties is used for business and commercial purposes, for example to provide and maintain our Sites, Services, and New Relic Separate Platforms. Additionally, collecting this information enables us to better understand the visitors who come to our Sites, where they come from, and what content on our Sites is of interest to them.
Read more
New Relic uses your Personal Data for the following purposes:
a.
to create & maintain a trusted environment for our Services and Sites,
including in order to
manage the security of our Sites, physical locations, networks, and systems
operate, administer, analyze, develop, improve and optimize the use, function and performance of our Sites, Services, New Relic Separate Platforms and systems
comply with applicable laws and regulations and to operate our business
to manage code check-ins and pull requests for open source and community development projects
b.
to provide our Services and perform our contract with you as our customer
including to
engage in transactions with customers, suppliers and business partners and to process orders for New Relic Services
to provide New Relic Services, New Relic Separate Platforms, survey tools, payment processing services, or the certificate creation tool for New Relic University
c.
to communicate and respond to your requests and inquiries to New Relic, including to
conduct research you agree to participate in or reach out to you to discuss any feedback you may submit, through meetings, surveys, or other tools
respond to your queries and provide you with information and promotional material on New Relic when you initiate a webchat
d.
to market our Services or related products and services to new and existing customers, including
tailor our marketing and sales activities to your company’s interests and in accordance with your communication preferences and your requests for information and to be contacted by New Relic
tailor the purchase of Services
for purposes of targeted advertising, delivering relevant email content and event promotion
to link or combine information about you with other Personal Data we get from third parties, to help understand your needs and provide you with better and more personalized service
by creating anonymous data records from Personal Data in accordance with applicable law.
5. How We Share Your Personal Data
Except as provided in this General Privacy Notice, we do not, and will not, sell Personal Data.
Generally, we may disclose your Personal Data for our business purposes, such as to our service providers, partners or competent law enforcement bodies.
Read More
New Relic may disclose your Personal to
a.
Third party service providers.
We engage with third parties to  support our business and operations.  For example some third party service providers offer services that we use to provide the Services, Sites, and New Relic Separate Platforms, such as cloud providers. New Relic remains liable for any onward transfers to third parties.
b.
Event sponsors and hosts.
If you elect to do so, we may share Personal Data collected at New Relic events, such as FutureStack or New Relic’s seminars, with sponsors and hosts of such events, for valuable consideration from such sponsor or host to New Relic. Such sponsor or host may use it for their business or commercial purposes in accordance with their own privacy notices.
c.
Business partners.
We contract with business partners, such as third party resellers, for our commercial purposes. For instance, if you fill out a form on our Sites, such as by signing up for a free New Relic account, ebook or webinar, or if you reach out to our Sales team, you may be contacted by a designated New Relic partner.
d.
Comply with our legal obligations.
Where we believe disclosure is necessary (i) as a matter of applicable law or regulation, (ii) to exercise, establish or defend our legal rights, or (iii) to protect your vital interests or those of any other person, we may disclose your Personal Data in response to lawful requests by a public authority, including any competent law enforcement body, regulatory, government agency, court or other third party, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
e.
New Relic entities.
We may share your Personal Data within New Relic, such as with or between subsidiaries of New Relic, Inc.  We and our subsidiaries will only use the information as described in this notice.
f.
Actual or potential buyers.
In connection with any actual or proposed purchase, merger or acquisition of any part of our business, provided that we inform the buyer (and its agents and advisors) it must use your Personal Data only for the purposes disclosed in this General Privacy Notice.
g.
Other person(s).
Where you provide consent to the disclosure or as allowed by applicable data protection law, we may share your information as described at the time of consent.
6. Legal Basis for Processing Your Personal Data
When we use your Personal Data, we take care to ensure that it is used in an appropriate way. Our use of Personal Data is done under one of various legal bases, including for our legitimate interest, in performance of a contract or with your consent.
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your Personal Data, please see
Section 17 (How to Contact Us)
.
Read More
We will process your Personal Data and share that Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy Notice where:
Its use is necessary
for a contract
you have entered into or because you have asked for something to be done so you can enter into a contract with us
Its use is necessary because of a
legal obligation
that applies to us (except an obligation imposed by a contract). This may include responding to subpoenas, warrants or other requests served on New Relic anywhere in the world or to protect or defend the rights or property of New Relic or its users
You have consented
to its use in a specific way. For example where you have consented to receiving marketing materials. You may withdraw your consent at any time as further described in
Section 9 (Your Choices and Data Protection Rights
Its use is in accordance with
our legitimate interests
e.g. to manage our business, subject to those interests not overriding your fundamental rights and freedoms. This may include the activities and purposes described in
Section 4 (How We Use Your Personal Data)
and
Section 5 (How We Share Your Personal Data)
.
7. How Long We Hold Your Personal Data
We retain Personal Data we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you Services you have requested or to comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements). This may also include situations where litigation is pending or ongoing and such information is subject to a legal hold.
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your Personal Data, we will either delete or anonymise it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your Personal Data has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your Personal Data and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.  Where we rely on your consent you have the right to withdraw it at any time in the manner indicated when you consent.
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the retention of your Personal Data, please see
Section 17 (How to Contact Us)
.
8. International Data Transfers
When you use our Services or Sites, your Personal Data may be transferred to, and processed in, countries where we or our service providers operate. These may be countries other than the country in which you are located These countries may have data protection laws that are different from the laws of your country.
Read more
If you are located in the European Economic Area (EEA), Switzerland, and/or the United Kingdom (UK) your Personal Data will be accessed by New Relic staff or suppliers, transferred, and/or stored outside the EEA, Switzerland and/or the UK.
We take appropriate safeguards to require that your Personal Data will remain protected in accordance with this General Data Privacy Notice and as required by applicable data protection law, including: (i) requiring that our third-party service providers and partners employ an adequate method of transfer, such as the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses (further details of which can be provided upon request). Additionally, New Relic (including its covered entity Codestream) complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.  New Relic (including its covered entity Codestream) has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of Personal Data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.  New Relic has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of Personal Data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy notice and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. New Relic is subject to the investigation and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.  In compliance with the EU- U.S. DPF (and the UK Extension to the EU- U.S. DPF) and the Swiss- U.S. DPF, New Relic commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your Personal Data.  Individuals from the EU, Switzerland and the UK with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of Personal Data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact New Relic as set out at Section 9 (c) of this Privacy Notice:
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, New Relic commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-data-privacy-framework for more information or to file a complaint.  The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you. Additionally,you may have the possibility to engage in binding arbitration through the Data Privacy Framework Arbitration Panel under certain circumstances. To find out more about the Data Privacy Framework’s binding arbitration scheme, see
Annex 1 of the EU- U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles
.
9. Your Choices and Data Protection Rights
New Relic takes reasonable steps to ensure that the Personal Data we collect is reliable for its intended use, accurate, complete and up to date. We offer certain data protection options to all individuals, including the ability to opt out of receiving marketing communications, to amend your Personal Data contained in your account, and to request we delete your account information.
For more information on the rights and options you have, including jurisdiction-specific rights, please click Read More.
Read More
a. When it comes to
your marketing choices,
we offer you choices regarding the collection, use, and sharing of your Personal Data. We will periodically send you newsletters and emails that directly promote the use of our Sites or the purchase of our Services (marketing and/or sales communications) as the following applies : (i) in accordance with your marketing preferences, (ii) if you sign up for a New Relic account or other content, (iii) request to be contacted by New Relic and/or if you request information from New Relic.
You can opt out of receiving marketing communications from us at any time by clicking (1) the 'unsubscribe' or ‘opt out’ link at the bottom of the marketing emails you receive, (2) adjusting your email preferences provided
here
, or (3) by sending an email to Privacy@newrelic.com. Please note that it may take up to three days to remove your contact information from our marketing communications lists, so you may receive correspondence from us for a short time after you make your request. Your email preferences only affect marketing communications. You will not be able to opt out of service related emails from us, such as, e.g., transactional emails, or notices of updates to our Terms of Service, Services Privacy Notice, or this General Privacy Notice.
Should you decide to opt-out of receiving future mailings, we will retain a record of your preference (including retaining your email address) and we may share your email address with third parties solely for the purpose of ensuring that you do not receive further marketing communications related to our Services from third parties.
b. We apply certain
data protection rights to all individuals (including individuals covered by the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF)
, regardless of location.  Specifically, you may correct or update Personal Data contained in your account by editing your profile within the registration portion of our Sites or sending an email to Personaldatarequests@newrelic.com. You may also request we delete your account information by completing this
form
, if you have an account, or by sending an email to Personaldatarequests@newrelic.com. If you would like to remove your Personal Data from a Site testimonial or our blog you can send an email to Personaldatarequests@newrelic.com. If you have participated in an online game, e.g. Relibirds or in any online New Relic forum, e.g. New Relic Explorers hub and would like to have your Personal Data deleted, please send an email to Personaldatarequests@newrelic.com and specify which game and/or forum you participated in; this will enable us to identify your Personal Data and fulfill your request. Please note that if you engage in messaging other users of a public forum, another user may request deletion of the message(s) which means that they will no longer be available for any user to view.
When you reach out to us, we will endeavor to respond without delay in accordance with applicable data protection laws. We may need to ask you additional clarifying questions in order to accurately respond to your request and to verify you are making the request in respect of your own Personal Data.
With respect to deletion requests, we may be required (by law or otherwise) to keep Personal Data and not remove it (or to keep this information for a certain time, in which case we will comply with your deletion request only after we have fulfilled such requirements). We will let you know if we are unable to comply with this request and the reasons why.
c. EEA & the United Kingdom
In addition to the rights to correct, update, or request to delete Personal Data outlined above, persons located in the EEA or the United Kingdom have some additional data protection rights under EEA and UK data protection laws.
These rights include the right to find out if we use your Personal Data, or to access your Personal Data.
Also, you can object to the processing of Personal Data we process on the basis of our legitimate business interests, ask us to restrict processing, or request portability of your Personal Data.
Where we have collected and processed your Personal Data on the basis of consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time. You should note that withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to the withdrawal, nor will it affect the processing of your Personal Data where we relied on lawful bases other than consent.
You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data.  For more information, please contact your local data protection authority.
If you are an EEA or UK individual  (including any individual covered by the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF) and have a New Relic account, you can exercise your access right by completing this
form
. If you do not have a New Relic account, and want to exercise your access right or any of the other rights outlined in this Section and would like to make any of these requests, please submit your request to Privacy@newrelic.com.
d. Privacy Rights under U.S. Privacy Laws
Certain U.S. states have enacted consumer privacy laws. If a U.S. state’s privacy law applies to you, and you have any questions about New Relic’s privacy practices, you can contact us as described in
Section 17 (How to Contact Us)
. Additionally, if you wish to submit a complaint to your state Attorney General (where applicable), you may find the relevant information on how to do so
here
.
California
New Relic provides services to businesses and complies with the applicable provisions of the California Consumer Privacy Act. If you are a California resident, please see our
California Privacy Notice
.
Nevada
If you are a resident of Nevada, you have the right to submit a request that we do not sell to third parties certain types of personal information that we have collected or will collect about you. You can exercise this right by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com with the subject line “Nevada Do Not Sell Request” and providing us with your name and the email address. Please note that we do not currently sell your personal information as the term “sale” is defined in Nevada Revised Statutes Chapter 603A.
Virginia
If you are a Virginia resident, you have some additional data protection rights. under the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act, in addition to the rights to correct, update, or request to delete Personal Data outlined above.
You can request that we confirm if we actually process your Personal Data and request access to such Personal Data. You have the right to request a portable copy of the Personal Data that you provided to us. You have the right to opt out of the processing of the Personal Data for purposes of targeted advertising, the sale of Personal Data, or profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning the consumer. Please note that New Relic does not “sell” your Personal Data as the term “sale” is defined in the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act. New Relic engages in targeted advertising as that term is defined under the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act. This means that New Relic may disclose Personal Data for targeted advertising in line with your choices.
You have the right to opt out of the sale of your Personal Data.
You may opt out of the disclosure of your Personal Data for targeted advertising by clicking on the Your Privacy Choices tab on www.newrelic.com or by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com with the subject line “Virginia Do Not Disclose My Data for Targeted Advertising”. You have the right not to be discriminated against based on exercising your data protection rights, and we do not discriminate against any individual for doing so. In order to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, we may require you to verify your credentials before you can submit a data protection request. If you do not have an account with us, or if we suspect that your account has been accessed without your authorization, we may ask you to provide additional personal information for verification purposes.
If we refuse to take action on a data protection request that you have made, you may appeal our decision within a reasonable period of time by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com and specifying that you wish to appeal. Within 60 days of our receipt of your appeal, we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If your appeal is denied, you may submit a complaint to your state Attorney General as described above.
Colorado
If you are a Colorado resident, you have some additional data protection rights under the Colorado Consumer Privacy Act, in addition to the rights to correct, update, or request to delete Personal Data outlined above.
You can request that we confirm if we actually process your Personal Data and request access to such Personal Data. You have the right to request a portable copy of the Personal Data that you provided to us. You have the right to opt out of the processing of the Personal Data for purposes of targeted advertising, the sale of Personal Data, or profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning the consumer. Please note that New Relic does not “sell” your Personal Data as the term “sale” is defined in the Colorado Consumer Privacy Act. New Relic engages in targeted advertising as that term is defined under the Colorado Consumer Privacy Act. This means that New Relic may disclose Personal Data for targeted advertising in line with your choices.
You may opt out of the disclosure of your Personal Data for targeted advertising by clicking on the Your Privacy Choices tab on www.newrelic.com or by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com with the subject line “Colorado Do Not Disclose My Data for Targeted Advertising”. In order to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, we may require you to verify your credentials before you can submit a data protection request. If you do not have an account with us, or if we suspect that your account has been accessed without your authorization, we may ask you to provide additional personal information for verification purposes.
If we refuse to take action on a data protection request that you have made, you may appeal our decision within a reasonable period of time by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com and specifying that you wish to appeal. Within 45 days of our receipt of your appeal, we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If your appeal is denied, you may submit a complaint to your state Attorney General by following the instructions as described above.
Connecticut
If you are a Connecticut resident, you have some additional data protection rights under the Connecticut Data Privacy Act in respect of Personal Data that we collect and/or process on you, which are in addition to the rights to correct, update, or request to delete such Personal Data as outlined above.
You can request that we confirm if we actually process your Personal Data and request access to such Personal Data. You have the right to request a copy of  your Personal Data processed by us in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format where the processing is carried out by automated means subject to applicable restrictions.  You have the right to opt out of the processing of the Personal Data for purposes of targeted advertising, the sale of Personal Data, or profiling in furtherance of solely automated decisions that produce a legal or other significant impact concerning the consumer. Please note that New Relic does not “sell” your Personal Data as the term “sale” is defined in the Connecticut Data Privacy Act. New Relic engages in targeted advertising as that term is defined under the Connecticut Data Privacy Act. This means that New Relic may disclose Personal Data for targeted advertising in line with your choices.
You may opt out of the disclosure of your Personal Data for targeted advertising by clicking on the Your Privacy Choices tab on www.newrelic.com or by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com with the subject line “Connecticut Do Not Disclose My Data for Targeted Advertising”. In order to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, we may require you to verify your credentials before you can submit a data protection request. If you do not have an account with us, or if we suspect that your account has been accessed without your authorization, we may ask you to provide additional personal information for verification purposes.
If we refuse to take action on a data protection request that you have made, you may appeal our decision within a reasonable period of time by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com and specifying that you wish to appeal. Within 60 days of our receipt of your appeal, we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If your appeal is denied, you may submit a complaint to your state Attorney General as described above.
Utah
If you are a Utah resident, you have some additional data protection rights under the Utah Consumer Privacy Act in addition to the right to delete Personal Data outlined above.
You can request that we confirm if we actually process your Personal Data and request access to such Personal Data. You have the right to request a portable copy of the Personal Data that you provided to us. You have the right to opt out of the processing of the Personal Data for purposes of targeted advertising and the sale of Personal Data. Please note that New Relic does not “sell” your Personal Data as the term “sale” is defined in the Utah Consumer Privacy Act. New Relic engages in targeted advertising as that term is defined under the Utah Consumer Privacy Act. This means that New Relic may disclose Personal Data for targeted advertising in line with your choices.
You may opt out of the disclosure of your Personal Data for targeted advertising by clicking on the Your Privacy Choices tab on www.newrelic.com or by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com with the subject line “Utah Do Not Disclose My Data for Targeted Advertising”. In order to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, we may require you to verify your credentials before you can submit a data protection request. If you do not have an account with us, or if we suspect that your account has been accessed without your authorization, we may ask you to provide additional personal information for verification purposes.
Oregon
If you are an Oregon resident, you have some additional data protection rights under the Oregon Consumer Privacy Act in respect of Personal Data that we collect and/or process on you, which are in addition to the rights to correct, update, or request to delete such Personal Data (including any derived data) as outlined above. Where we have collected and processed your Personal Data on the basis of consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time. You should note that withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to the withdrawal, nor will it affect the processing of your Personal Data where we relied on lawful bases other than consent. The withdrawal of consent may mean however that certain services are no longer available to you.
You can request that we confirm if we actually process, or processed, your Personal Data and request access to such Personal Data. You have the right to request a copy of your Personal Data processed by us in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format where the processing is carried out by automated means subject to applicable restrictions. You have the right to know what third parties we have disclosed your Personal Data to. You have the right to opt out of the processing of the Personal Data for purposes of targeted advertising, the sale of Personal Data, or profiling in furtherance of solely automated decisions that produce a legal or other significant impact concerning the consumer. Please note that New Relic does not “sell” your Personal Data as the term “sale” is defined in the Oregon Consumer Privacy Act. New Relic engages in targeted advertising as that term is defined under the Oregon Consumer Privacy Act. This means that New Relic may disclose Personal Data for targeted advertising in line with your choices.
You may opt out of the disclosure of your Personal Data for targeted advertising by clicking on the Your Privacy Choices tab on www.newrelic.com or by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com with the subject line “Oregon Do Not Disclose My Data for Targeted Advertising”. You have the right not to be discriminated against based on exercising your data protection rights, and we do not discriminate against any individual for doing so.  In order to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, we may require you to verify your credentials before you can submit a data protection request. If you do not have an account with us, or if we suspect that your account has been accessed without your authorization, we may ask you to provide additional personal information for verification purposes.
If we refuse to take action on a data protection request that you have made, you may appeal our decision within a reasonable period of time by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com and specifying that you wish to appeal. Within 45 days of our receipt of your appeal, we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If your appeal is denied, you may submit a complaint to your state Attorney General as described above.
Texas
If you are a Texas resident, you have some additional data protection rights under the Texas Data Privacy & Security Act in respect of Personal Data that we collect and/or process on you, which are in addition to the rights to correct, update, or request to delete such Personal Data as outlined above.
You can request that we confirm if we actually process your Personal Data and request access to such Personal Data. You have the right to request a copy of your Personal Data processed by us in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format where the processing is carried out by automated means subject to applicable restrictions. You have the right to opt out of the processing of the Personal Data for purposes of targeted advertising, the sale of Personal Data, or profiling in furtherance of solely automated decisions that produce a legal or other significant impact concerning the consumer. Please note that New Relic does not “sell” your Personal Data as the term “sale” is defined in the Texas Data Privacy & Security Act. New Relic engages in targeted advertising as that term is defined under the Texas Data Privacy & Security Act. This means that New Relic may disclose Personal Data for targeted advertising in line with your choices.
You may opt out of the disclosure of your Personal Data for targeted advertising by clicking on the Your Privacy Choices tab on www.newrelic.com or by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com with the subject line “Texas Do Not Disclose My Data for Targeted Advertising”. In order to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, we may require you to verify your credentials before you can submit a data protection request. If you do not have an account with us, or if we suspect that your account has been accessed without your authorization, we may ask you to provide additional personal information for verification purposes.
If we refuse to take action on a data protection request that you have made, you may appeal our decision within a reasonable period of time by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com and specifying that you wish to appeal. Within 60 days of our receipt of your appeal, we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If your appeal is denied, you may submit a complaint to your state Attorney General as described above.
Delaware
If you are a Delaware resident, you have some additional data protection rights under the Delaware Personal Data Privacy Act in respect of Personal Data that we collect and/or process on you, which are in addition to the rights to correct, update, or request to delete such Personal Data as outlined above.
You can request that we confirm if we actually process your Personal Data and request access to such Personal Data. You have the right to request a copy of your Personal Data processed by us in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format where the processing is carried out by automated means subject to applicable restrictions. You have the right to opt out of the processing of the Personal Data for purposes of targeted advertising, the sale of Personal Data, or profiling in furtherance of solely automated decisions that produce a legal or other significant impact concerning the consumer. Please note that New Relic does not “sell” your Personal Data as the term “sale” is defined in the Delaware Personal Data Privacy Act. New Relic engages in targeted advertising as that term is defined under the Delaware Personal Data Privacy Act. This means that New Relic may disclose Personal Data for targeted advertising in line with your choices.
You may opt out of the disclosure of your Personal Data for targeted advertising by clicking on the Your Privacy Choices tab on www.newrelic.com or by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com with the subject line “Delaware Do Not Disclose My Data for Targeted Advertising”. In order to protect your Personal Data from unauthorised access, we may require you to verify your credentials before you can submit a data protection request. If you do not have an account with us, or if we suspect that your account has been accessed without your authorization, we may ask you to provide additional personal information for verification purposes.
If we refuse to take action on a data protection request that you have made, you may appeal our decision within a reasonable period of time by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com and specifying that you wish to appeal. Within 60 days of our receipt of your appeal, we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If your appeal is denied, you may submit a complaint to your state attorney general by following the instructions described above.
Iowa
If you are an Iowa resident, you have some additional data protection rights under the Iowa Consumer Data Protection Act in respect of Personal Data that we collect and/or process on you, which are in addition to the rights to correct, update, or request to delete such Personal Data as outlined above.
You can request that we confirm if we actually process your Personal Data and request access to such Personal Data. You have the right to request a copy of your Personal Data processed by us in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format where the processing is carried out by automated means subject to applicable restrictions. You have the right to opt out of the processing of the Personal Data for purposes of targeted advertising and the sale of Personal Data. Please note that New Relic does not “sell” your Personal Data as the term “sale” is defined in the Iowa Consumer Data Protection Act. New Relic engages in targeted advertising as that term is defined under the Iowa Consumer Data Protection Act. This means that New Relic may disclose Personal Data for targeted advertising in line with your choices.
You may opt out of the disclosure of your Personal Data for targeted advertising by clicking on the Your Privacy Choices tab on www.newrelic.com or by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com with the subject line “Iowa Do Not Disclose My Data for Targeted Advertising”. In order to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, we may require you to verify your credentials before you can submit a data protection request. If you do not have an account with us, or if we suspect that your account has been accessed without your authorization, we may ask you to provide additional personal information for verification purposes.
If we refuse to take action on a data protection request that you have made, you may appeal our decision within a reasonable period of time by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com and specifying that you wish to appeal. Within 60 days of our receipt of your appeal, we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If your appeal is denied, you may submit a complaint to your state attorney general by following the instructions described above.
Montana
If you are a Montana resident, you have some additional data protection rights under the Montana Consumer Data Privacy Act in respect of Personal Data that we collect and/or process on you, which are in addition to the rights to correct, update, or request to delete such Personal Data as outlined above.
You can request that we confirm if we actually process your Personal Data and request access to such Personal Data. You have the right to request a copy of your Personal Data processed by us in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format where the processing is carried out by automated means subject to applicable restrictions. You have the right to opt out of the processing of the Personal Data for purposes of targeted advertising, the sale of Personal Data, or profiling in furtherance of solely automated decisions that produce a legal or other significant impact concerning the consumer. Please note that New Relic does not “sell” your Personal Data as the term “sale” is defined in the Montana Consumer Data Privacy Act. New Relic engages in targeted advertising as that term is defined under the Montana Consumer Data Privacy Act. This means that New Relic may disclose Personal Data for targeted advertising in line with your choices.
You may opt out of the disclosure of your Personal Data for targeted advertising by clicking on the Your Privacy Choices tab on www.newrelic.com or by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com with the subject line “Montana Do Not Disclose My Data for Targeted Advertising”. In order to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, we may require you to verify your credentials before you can submit a data protection request. If you do not have an account with us, or if we suspect that your account has been accessed without your authorization, we may ask you to provide additional personal information for verification purposes.
If we refuse to take action on a data protection request that you have made, you may appeal our decision within a reasonable period of time by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com and specifying that you wish to appeal. Within 60 days of our receipt of your appeal, we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If your appeal is denied, you may submit a complaint to your state attorney general by following the instructions described above.
New Hampshire
If you are a New Hampshire resident, you have some additional data protection rights under the New Hampshire Data Privacy Act in respect of Personal Data that we collect and/or process on you, which are in addition to the rights to correct, update, or request to delete such Personal Data as outlined above.
You can request that we confirm if we actually process your Personal Data and request access to such Personal Data. Please note that access may be denied if access would also involve the disclosure of confidential company information, e.g. a trade secret. You have the right to request a copy of your Personal Data processed by us in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format where the processing is carried out by automated means subject to applicable restrictions. You have the right to opt out of the processing of the Personal Data for purposes of targeted advertising, the sale of Personal Data, or profiling in furtherance of solely automated decisions that produce a legal or other significant impact concerning the consumer. Please note that New Relic does not “sell” your Personal Data as the term “sale” is defined in the New Hampshire Data Privacy Act. New Relic engages in targeted advertising as that term is defined under the New Hampshire Data Privacy Act. This means that New Relic may disclose Personal Data for targeted advertising in line with your choices.
You may opt out of the disclosure of your Personal Data for targeted advertising by clicking on the Your Privacy Choices tab on www.newrelic.com or by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com with the subject line “New Hampshire Do Not Disclose My Data for Targeted Advertising”. You have the right not to be discriminated against based on exercising your data protection rights, and we do not discriminate against any individual for doing so. In order to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, we may require you to verify your credentials before you can submit a data protection request. If you do not have an account with us, or if we suspect that your account has been accessed without your authorization, we may ask you to provide additional personal information for verification purposes.
If we refuse to take action on a data protection request that you have made, you may appeal our decision within a reasonable period of time by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com and specifying that you wish to appeal. Within 60 days of our receipt of your appeal, we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If your appeal is denied, you may submit a complaint to your state attorney general by following the instructions described above.
Nebraska
If you are a Nebraska resident, you have some additional data protection rights under the Nebraska Data Privacy Act in respect of Personal Data that we collect and/or process on you, which are in addition to the rights to correct, update, or request to delete such Personal Data as outlined above.
You can request that we confirm if we actually process your Personal Data and request access to such Personal Data. You have the right to request a copy of your Personal Data processed by us in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format where the processing is carried out by automated means subject to applicable restrictions. You have the right to opt out of the processing of the Personal Data for purposes of targeted advertising, the sale of Personal Data, or profiling in furtherance of solely automated decisions that produce a legal or other significant impact concerning the consumer. Please note that New Relic does not “sell” your Personal Data as the term “sale” is defined in the Nebraska Data Privacy Act. New Relic engages in targeted advertising as that term is defined under the Nebraska Data Privacy Act. This means that New Relic may disclose Personal Data for targeted advertising in line with your choices.
You may opt out of the disclosure of your Personal Data for targeted advertising by clicking on the Your Privacy Choices tab on www.newrelic.com or by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com with the subject line “Nebraska Do Not Disclose My Data for Targeted Advertising”. You have the right not to be discriminated against based on exercising your data protection rights, and we do not discriminate against any individual for doing so. In order to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, we may require you to verify your credentials before you can submit a data protection request. If you do not have an account with us, or if we suspect that your account has been accessed without your authorization, we may ask you to provide additional personal information for verification purposes.
If we refuse to take action on a data protection request that you have made, you may appeal our decision within a reasonable period of time by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com and specifying that you wish to appeal. Within 45 days of our receipt of your appeal, we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If your appeal is denied, you may submit a complaint to your state attorney general by following the instructions described above.
New Jersey
If you are a New Jersey resident, you have some additional data protection rights under the New Jersey Privacy Act in respect of Personal Data that we collect and/or process on you, which are in addition to the rights to correct, update, or request to delete such Personal Data as outlined above.
You can request that we confirm if we actually process your Personal Data and request access to such Personal Data. You have the right to request a copy of your Personal Data processed by us in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format where the processing is carried out by automated means subject to applicable restrictions. You have the right to opt out of the processing of the Personal Data for purposes of targeted advertising, the sale of Personal Data, or profiling in furtherance of solely automated decisions that produce a legal or other significant impact concerning the consumer. Please note that New Relic does not “sell” your Personal Data as the term “sale” is defined in the New Jersey Privacy Act. New Relic engages in targeted advertising as that term is defined under the New Jersey Privacy Act. This means that New Relic may disclose Personal Data for targeted advertising in line with your choices.
You may opt out of the disclosure of your Personal Data for targeted advertising by clicking on the Your Privacy Choices tab on www.newrelic.com or by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com with the subject line “New Jersey Do Not Disclose My Data for Targeted Advertising”. You have the right not to be discriminated against based on exercising your data protection rights, and we do not discriminate against any individual for doing so. In order to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, we may require you to verify your credentials before you can submit a data protection request. If you do not have an account with us, or if we suspect that your account has been accessed without your authorization, we may ask you to provide additional personal information for verification purposes.
If we refuse to take action on a data protection request that you have made, you may appeal our decision within a reasonable period of time by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com and specifying that you wish to appeal. Within 45 days of our receipt of your appeal, we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If your appeal is denied, you may submit a complaint to your state attorney general by following the instructions described above.
e. Australia Supplemental Data Protection Law Disclosures. New Relic will process Personal Data under this General Data Privacy Notice in accordance with the Australian Privacy Act 1988 and the Australia Privacy Principles. If you are
an Australian resident
and you are dissatisfied with our handling of a data subject right request or a complaint, you can always contact us at Privacy@newrelic.com. If you disagree with the resolution proposed by us, you may make a complaint to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (“OAIC”) by contacting the OAIC using the methods listed on their website http://www.oaic.gov.au.
10. Do Not Track and Global Privacy Control
New Relic does not currently commit to responding to browser’s “do not track” or “DNT” preference across its Sites and Services, because no common industry standard for DNT has been adopted by industry groups, technology companies or regulators, including no consistent standard of interpreting user intent.  New Relic takes privacy and choices regarding privacy seriously and will make efforts to continue to monitor the development around DNT browser technology and the implementation of a standard for DNT.  Global Privacy Control is a browser setting that allows you to notify websites you visit about your privacy preferences. New Relic honors website visitors’ Global Privacy Control signals.
11. Advertising
We may partner with third party ad networks either to display advertising on our Sites or to manage our advertising on other sites.  Our ad network partner may use cookies and web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable information about your activities on our Sites to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests. To learn more about targeted advertising and advertising networks and about your ability to opt out of collection by certain third parties, please visit the opt-out pages of the Network Advertising Initiative,
here
, and the Digital Advertising Alliance,
here
. In addition, if you wish to opt-out of interest-based advertising click
here
(or, if located in the EU, click
here
).
Please note this does not opt you out of being served advertising.  You will continue to receive generic ads.
12. Third Party Websites and Social Media Widgets
This General Privacy Notice applies to the use and disclosure of Personal Data that we collect as described herein.
Our provision of a link to any other website or location is for your convenience and does not signify our endorsement of such other website or location or its contents. When you click on such a link, you will leave our site and go to another site. During this process, a third party may collect Personal Data from you.
We have no control over, do not review, and cannot be responsible for, these outside websites or their content. Please be aware that the terms of this General Privacy Notice do not apply to these outside websites or content, or to any collection of data after you click on a link to a third party. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy statement of any website you visit.
Our Sites also include social media features, such as the Facebook Like button and widgets, such as the “Share this” button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our Sites, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Sites.  Your interactions with these features are also governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
13. AI Chatbot
New Relic offers a third-party AI chatbot feature on our Site to enable us and our visitors conduct a live chat and/or so New Relic can provide the visitor with information upon request. We use cookies and your IP address to provide the service and to collect information about visitors' behavior on our Site. A chat session may be monitored, recorded or shared with the third party.
14. Security of Your Personal Data
New Relic is committed to protecting the security of your Personal Data. We use appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. For instance, when you enter your credit card number on our order forms, we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). All account accesses require users to provide their username and password. It is the responsibility of each user to maintain this information in a secure manner. Despite these measures, you should know that New Relic cannot fully eliminate security risks associated with Personal Data and mistakes and security breaches may happen. If you have any questions about security on our Sites, you can contact us as described in
Section 17 (How to Contact Us)
.
15. Children
Our Sites are not directed to children and we do not intentionally gather Personal Data about visitors who are under the age of 18. If you learn that anyone younger than 18 has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us as described in
Section 17 (How to Contact Us)
, and we will take steps to delete such information.
16. Changes to this Privacy Notice
This General Privacy Notice may be changed from time to time, and if we make any substantial changes in the way we use your Personal Data, we will take appropriate measures to inform you, consistent with the significance of the changes we make.  You can see when this General Privacy Notice was last updated by checking the “last updated” date displayed at the top of this General Privacy Notice.
This Privacy Notice is effective as of the date set out at the top of this Privacy Notice.  It describes the categories of personal information that we have collected, disclosed for a business or commercial purpose and sold over the preceding twelve (12) months.
17. How to Contact Us
New Relic has a Data Protection Officer and has nominated both local and global Data Protection Officers. If you have questions about how your Personal Data is collected, stored, shared or used, or if you wish to exercise any of your data rights, or if you have a disability and need to access this notice in an alternative format, please contact our Data Protection Officers at:
By email: privacy@newrelic.com
By mail: Attn: Legal Data Subject Request
New Relic, Inc.
188 Spear Street
Suite 1000
San Francisco, CA 94105
New Relic appointed New Relic International Limited as its EU data protection representative, and the Irish Data Protection Commissioner is New Relic supervisory authority. You can contact New Relic EU Representative by emailing privacy@newrelic.com attn: New Relic EU Representative.
New Relic appointed New Relic UK Limited as its UK data protection representative, and the Information Commissioner’s Office is New Relic supervisory authority in the United Kingdom. You can contact New Relic UK Representative at:
Strand Bridge House
138-142 The Strand
London, England WC2R 1HL
Or by emailing privacy@newrelic.com attn: New Relic UK Representative.
For any complaints regarding our compliance with our privacy and security practices including complaints under the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, please contact New Relic first. New Relic will investigate and attempt to resolve any complaints and disputes regarding our privacy practices.
The data controller of your Personal Data for all countries that New Relic does business is New Relic, Inc., unless you have contracted directly with New Relic, K.K. in Japan, in which case New Relic, K.K. is the data controller.
*Updated on February 28, 2025 with additional information on uses and disclosures on Personal Data.
Prior Versions
October 7, 2024
Aug 23, 2024
July 1, 2024
December 20, 2023
Sub-policy 7
https://www.adjust.com/privacy-policy/:
Sorry, we couldn't find that page.
Navigate back to the homepage below.
Back to home
Sub-policy 8
https://trackjs.com/privacy/:
Privacy Policy
This Agreement was last modified on March 14, 2018.
TrackJS LLC ("TrackJS", "we", "us") provides error tracking services ("Services")
  for web applications. We are committed to protecting the privacy of our customers, and
  their users. We have prepared this Privacy Policy to describe our
  practices in gathering, securing, and using application and personal data.
By making Application Data or Personal Data available to us through our website,
  Services, or related communication, you agree to the terms of this Privacy
  Policy and your expressly consent to the processing of your Application Data
  and Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Your Personal Data may
  be processed outside the country in which it was collected, where laws regarding
  processing of Personal Data may be less stringent than the laws in your country.
Information We Collect
TrackJS may collect and process the following Personal Data from you:
Data You Give Us
TrackJS collects Personal Data from you when you voluntarily provide us with
  such Data in the course of using our website, Services, or related materials.
  For example, when you subscribe to our newsletter you volunteer your name and
  email address.
Data We Collect Automatically
TrackJS and our service providers collect certain technical information automatically
  when you visit our website or use our Services, such as your browser, operating
  system, referrer, IP address, and other Internet data. We gather this information
  with the use of cookies.
Data Collected for Business
We may store and collect Personal Data from you when you do business with us, such
  as storing your Billing Address and contact information so that we may maintain business
  relations with you as your vendor, supplier, or other third party.
Data Collected as your Data Processor
TrackJS collects data on behalf of our customers in the context of providing
  our Services. All data collection provided by the Service is completely controlled by the
  customer, so you can choose the right level of information collection and privacy for
  your needs. For example, you can configure the Services to ignore or anonymize IP Addresses
  from your users should you not want TrackJS to store that data. For more information on
  configuring the service, see
the Documentation
.
How We Protect Your Information
TrackJS uses a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your Personal Data. All
  supplied payment information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and
  then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those
  authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information
  confidential. After a transaction, your private information (e.g., credit cards) will not be
  stored on our servers.
TrackJS will never sell your Personal Data to anyone. Your Personal Data is only accessible to
  TrackJS employees, contractors, and our service providers that require access in order to
  administer the TrackJS website, services, or related materials, or to provide you with
  support and assistance.
How We Use Your Information
Personal Data we collect from you is used either to respond to requests that you make, or
  to aid us in serving you better. TrackJS uses your Personal Data in the following ways:
To create and secure your account on our network,
To identify you as a user in our system,
To provide improved administration of our website, Services, and related materials,
To improve the quality of experience when you interact with our website, Services, and related materials,
To send you welcome, setup, and notification emails in relation to providing the TrackJS Services,
To solicit your feedback on our Services.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s
  computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each
  time the visitor returns. We use cookies to help identify and track
  visitors, their usage of our website, and their website access
  preferences. TrackJS visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on
  their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using
  the TrackJS website, Service, or other materials. Certain features may not
  function properly without the aid of cookies.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although changes are likely to be minor, TrackJS may change our
  Privacy Policy from time to time, at our sole discretion. TrackJS
  encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its
  Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this
  Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Download as PDF
Concerned about this agreement? We’d love to chat about your needs.
Contact us
and we’ll work something out!
Sub-policy 9
https://matomo.org/privacy-policy/:
Skip to content
Menu
MENU
MENU
Why Matomo?
100% Data Ownership
Privacy Protection
Product Features
Open Source
Flexibility
No Data Sampling
GDPR
Google Analytics Alternative
Use Cases
Complete Analytics
Intranet Analytics
Consent-Free Tracking
Tracking Personal Data
Marketing Attribution
No Limitations
Log Analytics
Cloud
On-Premise
Matomo On-Premise
On-Premise vs Cloud
Download for free
Marketplace
Support Plans
Pricing
Pricing
Contact Sales
Resources
NEW! 2025 Ethical Marketing Field Guide
Help
Blog
Guides
Masterclasses
Case Studies
Integrations
Contact the Matomo team
List of all features
Get involved
Log in
Help
TRY IT FOR FREE
Matomo Website Privacy Policy
Effective Date: 13 August 2024
This Privacy Policy replaces the earlier version published on this website.
We believe in openness, privacy and 100% data ownership. Matomo’s mission is to liberate analytics and we are passionate about measuring for success. These core values are ingrained into everything we do here at Matomo and that will never change.
This Policy describes the personal information (or personal data) we collect from you, how we use that information and our legal basis for doing so. It also covers whether and how that information may be shared and your rights and choices regarding the information you provide to us.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the collection and processing of information in the Matomo Cloud-hosted service provided by us, which is covered by the
Matomo Cloud Privacy Policy
and
Matomo Data Processing Addendum
.
This Privacy Policy applies to the information that we obtain from you through:
(a) your use of Matomo websites including their subdomains:
demo.matomo.cloud
,
forum.matomo.org
,
developer.matomo.org
,
shop.matomo.org
,
plugins.matomo.org
,
ios.matomo.org
,
issues.matomo.org
,
glossary.matomo.org
;
(b) any direct contact you make with our team via email, contact forms, newsletter subscriptions, surveys, or when you complete any on-line feedback forms;
(c) when you create, use and make purchases through your Matomo Marketplace account or download our software directly from our websites;
(d) when you interact with us via our social media accounts or
(e) when you apply for a role advertised on our websites.
This Privacy Policy also applies to instances where we may receive your personal data from third party service providers.
This Privacy Policy explains:
Who we are
What personal data we collect, when we receive and how we use it
Opt-out of website tracking
Legal bases
Your rights
Children’s privacy
Who we share your personal data with
Processors
Third party services we use
When you instruct us to transfer data to third parties
International transfers
Retention of data
How we protect your personal data
Automated decision-making including profiling
Privacy Policy changes
Contact us
Who we are
We are InnoCraft Limited (InnoCraft, we), a New Zealand registered company (NZBN 6106769), established by the creators of Matomo analytics. Our offices are located at 7 Waterloo Quay, PO625, 6140 Wellington, New Zealand.
We are the data controller, or agency, in relation to the activities described in this privacy policy, unless stated otherwise.
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or you would like to access earlier versions of this Privacy Policy, please contact our privacy team at
privacy@matomo.org
.
What personal data we collect, when we receive it and how we use it
We will never sell your personal data to anyone.
In order for us to provide you the best possible experience on our websites and deliver our services to you, we collect and process certain personal data as follows:
(a) When you contact us via our websites or directly via email
— for example, when you ask for support, send us sales enquiries, questions, comments, feedback or when you complete a survey, customer satisfaction questionnaire or report a problem, we will collect your name, email address, your job title if provided, the content of the message, etc. We use this data to answer the queries we receive, to build business relationships, and to analyse the types of queries we receive and improve our customer management processes and to improve our products and services. If you do not provide your personal data, we will not be able to respond to you.
(b)	When you sign up to receive Matomo content or offers
– for example, when you sign up to receive our guidebooks or participate in our masterclasses, or when you subscribe to the newsletter, or consent to receiving marketing materials, we use your email address to deliver the resources you requested. You can always withdraw your consent to receive our marketing content by clicking ‘unsubscribe’ in the relevant emails or contacting
privacy@matomo.org
.
(c)	When you create an account
— when you sign up for and open an account on Matomo forum, or create an account on the Matomo Marketplace, we may ask you to provide us with information such as your name, email address and details about your organisation. In addition, when you use your Matomo Marketplace account to purchase premium plugins, we collect and process your username, password, payment information, phone number and physical address.  As otherwise detailed in this Privacy Policy, we will solely process this information to provide you with the service you signed up for. If you do not provide your personal data, we would not be able to create the accounts and you would not be able to purchase plugins on the Matomo Marketplace.
(d)	When you download Matomo On-Premise
– we collect and store the following information relating to your Matomo On-Premise software licence, which may in some cases include personal information: the IP address of the server where the instance is stored, URL of the customer, version of Matomo On-Premise downloaded and database version and programming language, time zone, number of websites tracked and number of licensed authorised users. We use this information to manage our licensing, billing and customer support.
(e) When you apply for a role advertised on our website
, we will collect your name, email address, country if provided, the role you are applying for and your CV and cover letter or message. We use the personal data you provide to evaluate your application and communicate with you during the recruitment process. If you don’t provide your personal data, we would not be able to process your application.
(f)	When you interact with us via social media
, e.g.,
Meta (Facebook)
,
GitHub
,
Hootsuite
,
LinkedIn
,
Mastodon
,
Reddit
,
YouTube
or
X (Twitter)
, or any other similar third party page, your personal data is processed by the social media platform providers under their privacy policies and processes. We process your personal data collected from social media, such as full name, business email address, job title, company, telephone number, any other personal data you provide us with to respond to your requests, develop a business relationship or send you direct marketing communications (subject to prior consent requirements where applicable). If we cannot use your personal data, we would not be able to respond to your requests, establish business relationships or send you marketing materials.
(g) 	We use data broker services to enrich our customer or prospective customer data
-  when you express interest in our product, sign up to our newsletter or other marketing materials, or are our customer, we use a data broker services provider identified in
Who we share your personal data with
(section (b)) to enable us to collate corporate and professional information about our customers and prospective customers. This allows us to understand our customers’ requirements better, customise sales and marketing efforts and develop our products. The data broker services process your email address as data processors for us, and provide us with the following information, if they hold it, from their database: Company (your employer company name and corporate details), your job title, industry, office location (including city), business telephone number, business email address, LinkedIn URL. In some cases, we may receive information about your previous employers and titles. We process this personal data on the basis of legitimate interest. Without the information we will not be able to customise our communications with you, to best meet your needs.
You can opt-out of data enrichment processing, by completing this
form
.
(h)	 Usage data - when you visit our site, we will store
: the website  which you visited us from, the parts of our site you visit, the date and duration of your visit, your IP address which we store in full form in the server logs for 30 days for security reasons and which we anonymise on receipt for use in website analytics, information from the device (device type, operating system, screen resolution, language, country you are located in, and web browser type) you used during your visit, and
more
. We process this usage data using our own analytics tool,
Matomo Analytics
, and we process the information for statistical purposes, to improve our site and to recognise and stop any misuse.
You can opt out of being tracked by our Matomo Analytics instance below.
(i)	Cookies
- we use cookies (small data files transferred onto computers or devices by sites) for record-keeping purposes and to enhance functionality on our site. You may deactivate or restrict the transmission of cookies by changing the settings of your web browser. Cookies that are already stored may be deleted at any time.
Opt-out of website tracking
Please be aware that some browsers can delete the opt-out cookie if you have not visited our website in anywhere between 7 days (Safari), 45 days (Firefox) or 400 days (Chrome) as of the date of this policy. These timeframes may be subject to change. If you are not a regular visitor to our websites and wish to opt-out of analytics use, please check the setting when you visit, to make sure the opt-out is still recognised by your browser.
Legal bases
We process your Personal Data on the following legal bases:
Consent
– We may process your Personal Data for one or more specific purposes if you give us your consent, for example we ask for your consent to receive marketing materials, surveys or general information about our products. Whenever we process your Personal Data on the basis of your consent, we will ask you for it and inform you about your right to withdraw it.
Contract performance and pre-contractual requests
– We may process your Personal Data when it is necessary for the performance of a contract with you or for the performance of pre-contractual measures, which are carried out at your request. For example, when you send us a sales enquiry, when you download Matomo On-Premise, when you purchase a plugin or process a payment, when you send us a customer support request or a technical query.
Legal obligation
– We may process your Personal Data when it is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, for example, to comply with any applicable tax laws.
Legitimate interests
– We may process your Personal Data when it is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests, unless these are overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. For example, when we process your enquiries for customer relationship management purposes or when we enrich customer or prospective customer data with data from a third party provider, as explained in the
Third Party Services We Use
section.
Your Rights
Data subject rights vary depending on the applicable privacy laws. We are based in New Zealand and governed by the New Zealand Privacy Act and any privacy laws that apply to the processing because of their extra-territorial effect (e.g. EU GDPR, UK GDPR).
If the EU GDPR or UK GDPR is the law applicable to our processing of your data, you have the right of access to your Personal Data and to information regarding the processing of Personal Data by InnoCraft, the right to rectification/correction, erasure, restriction of processing and the right to object to the processing of your Personal Data. You also have the right to receive your Personal Data in a structured, common and machine-readable format and to transmit it or have it transmitted to another controller. If you have given us your consent for processing your Personal Data, you also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time with effect for the future.
To the extent any U.S. state privacy act applies to our processing of your personal information, your rights may include a right to access, correct, delete, opt-out of certain processing, right to portability, right to opt-in for sensitive data processing, right against automated decision making or other rights provided for under applicable laws.
We can only identify you via your email address and we can only adhere to your request and provide information if we have Personal Data about you through you having made contact with us directly and/or you using our site and/or service. We cannot provide, rectify or delete any data that we store on behalf of our users or customers. If you wish to exercise your rights in relation to personal data processed by a publisher or a website using Matomo Analytics, please contact the publisher first.
To exercise any of the rights mentioned in this Privacy Policy and/or in the event of questions or comments relating to the use of Personal Data you may contact our privacy team:
privacy@matomo.org
In addition, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a data protection authority or a supervisory authority responsible for protecting your privacy rights, e.g.:
New Zealand: Office of the Privacy Commissioner: https://www.privacy.org.nz/about-us/contact/
UK: Information Commissioner’s Office: https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/
EU: select the appropriate authority from the list provided by European Data Protection Board https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en
Australia: Office of the Australian Information Commissioner: https://www.oaic.gov.au/about-us/contact-us/
Rest of the world: please contact us on privacy@matomo.org and we can provide you with the details of the appropriate authority.
Children’s Privacy
Our websites and products are not intended for children or minors. We do not knowingly collect children’s or minors’ personal data. Any accounts created by a child or a minor without parental consent and brought to our attention will be deleted as required by law.
Who We Share Your Personal Data With
A. Processors
We use a select number of trusted external service providers for certain technical data processing and/or service offerings. These service providers are carefully selected and meet high data protection and security standards. We only share information with them that is required for the services offered and we contractually bind them to treat any information we share with them as confidential and to process personal data only according to our instructions.
Recipient
Purpose of processing
Our legal basis for processing
Data location and security
Personal data collected by the third party
Privacy Terms
AlwaysData S.à r.l.
,
Secure infrastructure for website servers, databases and logs
Contract (customers, potential customers)
Legitimate interest (other data subjects):
security
Europe, France
IP address (stored for 30 days for security reasons), contact information provided via forms, subscriptions or queries
Processing covered by
DPA
Atlassian Pty Limited and Atlassian, Inc.
Company work management
Legitimate interest
workflow management
USA
name, email address, role of customers
Processing covered by
DPA
Calendly LLC
To book calls with customers, prospective customers or applicants
Contract
USA
Name, email, time zone and date of appointment
Processing covered by
DPA
ChartMogul Ltd
Customer relationship management analytics
Legitimate interest
analysis of data from prospects, leads or customers to improve products, sales and marketing
Germany
B2B customer/prospect: job title, name, phone number, email address.
Processing covered by
DPA
Dovetail Research Pty Ltd
To transcribe, summarise, and process your feedback given in video interviews using
AI tools
Consent
Australia and the EU
Video recording of the interview, transcript, contact details, personal information given during the interview
Processing covered by DPA (available on request) including
AI terms
Employ, Inc. (previously Lever)
To receive job applications and reply to applicants
Contract
USA
All candidate information, resume, references, when staff come onboard after recruitment (successful candidates): Job application details (Email, name, CV/resume, IP address), etc.
Processing covered by
DPA
HappyScribe Ltd.
Transcription of calls with customers and prospective customers
Consent
Ireland
Name, email address, role of customers
Link
Help Scout, PBC
To receive and reply to your messages after you contact us
Consent:
processing and responding to visitors
Contract:
providing customer support or
responding to sales enquiries
Legitimate Interest:
internal communication and management of customer support tasks workflow
USA
Message sent, Name, Email, if included in the email: contact address, job title, company name, company contact details.
Processing covered by
DPA
HubSpot, Inc.
To send marketing materials;
To receive webinar signup confirmation, reminder and follow-up emails
Consent
EU
Email
Processing covered by
DPA
HubSpot, Inc.
CRM system
Legitimate interest:
Processing data from prospects, leads or customers, analysing and improving marketing strategies
EU
Name, email, job title, company name, company contact details, sale details, account type, number of authorised users, requirements, account activation, etc.
Processing covered by
DPA
Intuition Machines
Authorisation
Legitimate interest
ensuring security and authorisation
USA
IP address numbers, device information.
Processing covered by
DPA
MadMimi
(owned by
GoDaddy Operating Company, LLC)
To send you our newsletter emails after you sign up
Consent
USA
Email
Processing covered by
DPA
Microsoft France SAS
Use Microsoft 365 to manage workflows, files and documentation; email correspondence; meetings and scheduling
Consent:
processing and responding to visitors
Contract:
managing and providing customer support or
responding to sales enquiries
Legitimate interest (in other cases):
workflow, file and documentation management;
correspondence;
meeting scheduling
France, EU
Name, email address, mailing address, telephone number, department, role, company name; 

Correspondence; 

Associated Matomo account; 

Billing address, subscriptions and payment history
Processing is covered by DPA (available on request)
Productboard, Inc
To collate and process product and services feedback
Legitimate interest:
processing product and services feedback
USA
Work title and company name, any personal data included in the feedback.
Processing is covered by DPA (available on request)
Slack Technologies Limited
(Ireland)
Used for internal company communications
Legitimate interest:
internal chat tool to discuss projects, requests, workflow, operations
TBC
Name, email address, mailing address, telephone number, department, role, company name;
Correspondence;
Associated Matomo account;
Billing address, subscriptions and payment history;
Processing covered by
DPA
Userlike UG
To be able to chat with you
Consent
Germany
IP Address, Chat transcript, Email address, Browser, Operating system, Device, Number of page requests, Number of page visits, Referrer, URL (where the chat originated), Questionnaire before and after the chat (optional), Chat topic, Chat status (new, pending, closed), Chat evaluation after the chat, Duration of the chat, Date of the chat, Geo location (voluntary, optional), Media files shared by the contact with the operator during the chat
Processing covered by
DPA
UXtweak j.s.a.
To collect user/customer feedback
Consent
Slovenia
Name, email, job title, company, feedback
Processing covered by
DPA
Zoho Corporation Pvt. Ltd.
To host customer feedback surveys
Legitimate interest:
collect customer feedback;
improve product and services
EU
Customer email and feedback
link
(DPA available on request)
B. Third party services we use
When you visit our websites, or purchase products or services, we use the following third party services providers who collect and process your data as data controllers or joint controllers with us. These providers may collect personal data beyond the data we collect about you.
Please refer to the privacy policies of these third parties for full information about what personal data these third parties collect about you, how they process the data, on what legal basis and how to exercise your data subject rights against them.
Recipient
Purpose of processing
Our legal basis for processing
Data location and security
Examples of personal data collected by the third party
Third party Privacy Policy
Cognism Limited
To enable customer and prospective customer data enrichment in B2B (business to business) context. This is to enable us to tailor our communications with you to better fit your needs and to better understand our customer base.
Legitimate interest
sales and marketing
customisation of communications
product development
UK, Croatia
Company (employer company and company details), Job Title, Industry, Office location (including city), Business telephone number, Business email address, LinkedIn URL. In some cases we may receive from Cognism information about your previous employers and titles.
    
    You can
opt out of Cognism Data
processing or opt out from us enriching your data by completing this
form
.
link
Communiteq Q B.V.
(previously Discourse Hosting)
To enable users to create an account on Matomo forum and participate in the forum.
Contract
Germany
Email address, Username, Name, Password, Posts
link
Quickchannel AB
To sign up for live webinar, receive confirmation, reminder and follow-up emails and participate in live webinars; to control live webinar access
Contract
Sweden (EU)
Name, Email, Company, Phone number, IP address, Browser information, Operating system, Type of device, Screen size, Internet connection
link
PayPal Pte. Ltd.
(PayPal Braintree)
To receive payments
Contract
USA Singapore
Username, password, names, e-mail, payment information, phone number, billing address
link
Youtube
(operated by
Google LLC
)
Social media content provision and interactions
To embed video files on our websites. We use Privacy Enhanced Mode to prevent your viewing of the embedded content being used to personalise your YouTube browsing experience
Legitimate interest (content creation and user interaction)
or
Consent (if required for specific processing, e.g., embedding content on our website)
USA
At minimum your IP address, data processing in local storage and possibly cookies. If you are logged into Google account, Google may merge this action with your account.
link
Zoom Video Communications, Inc.
To conduct meetings with customers and prospective customers
Contract
USA
Profile info (unique user ID); profile picture; Diagnostic Data (event logs, session information, host and participant information);Telemetry data (data collected from devices, microphone, speaker, hard disk ID, MAC address); other service data;  Customer authentication data; session content, chat messages, customer initiated cloud recordings; meeting and participant info, stored chat info, etc.
link
C. When you instruct us to transfer data to third parties
Looker Studio Integration
: We provide the
Matomo Connector
(the “Connector”), designed to facilitate the seamless integration of your Matomo On-Premise account data with Looker Studio. Should you choose to activate or utilise the Matomo Connector, please be aware of the following:
Data Export
: Upon activation of the Matomo Connector, all data stored within your Matomo account will be exported to Looker Studio. This transfer is initiated by you and is under your control.
Data Privacy
: Once your data is exported to Looker Studio, it will be governed by the applicable
Looker Studio terms of service and policies
provided by Google. We strongly advise you to review their terms and policies and understand the implications before initiating the data transfer.
Privacy Considerations
: Transferring data, especially visitor data, to external platforms can have privacy implications. It's crucial to ensure that you have the necessary permissions and have considered the privacy ramifications of such a transfer.
Exclusive Connector Use
: To ensure the security and privacy of your data, we recommend exclusively using the
Matomo Connector
for this integration. Avoid using third-party connectors or tools for Looker Studio that claim compatibility with Matomo, as we cannot vouch for their security or data handling practices.
International transfers
If the EU GDPR or UK GDPR applies to our processing of your personal data, we receive it in New Zealand on the basis of adequacy decision. For the above processors and third-party services, we transfer your personal  data to a third country (i.e. outside the European Union (EU), the United Kingdom or the European Economic Area (EEA)) or the processing takes place in the context of the use of third-party services or the disclosure or transfer of data to other persons, bodies or companies, only in accordance with the applicable legal requirements.
Specifically, for the above processors and third-party services, we process or allow the data to be processed on the basis of adequacy or standard contractual clauses of the EU Commission, subject to data transfer impact assessments where required. More information on this is available from us upon request.
Retention of data
We will retain your information as long as your account is active, as necessary to provide you with the services or as otherwise set forth in this Policy. We will also retain and use this information as necessary for the purposes set out in this Policy and to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, enforce our agreements and protect our legal rights.
We also collect and maintain aggregated, anonymised information which we may retain indefinitely to protect the safety and security of our websites, improve our Services or comply with legal obligations.
How We Protect Your Personal Data
Data security is important to us. We process your personal data securely, using appropriate technical and organisation measures designed to protect your data from unauthorised access, disclosure, alteration or loss. Some of the measures applied by InnoCraft include: use of secure cloud infrastructure compliant with a number of information security standards, access controls, bug bounty, in-transit and at-rest encryption, response and tracking of security risks and availability controls.
If you have any concerns about the security of your personal data, please contact us immediately using the contact details provided below.
Automated decision-making including profiling
We do not perform automated decision making or profiling.
Privacy Policy changes
We may update this Policy from time to time. If we do, we’ll let you know about any material changes, either by notifying you on the website or by sending you an email. Once posted on this website, the amended Privacy Policy will be effective as of the Effective Date stated above.
Contact us
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy or how your personal data is processed, please contact us by emailing
privacy@matomo.org
or via the contact form:
matomo.org/contact
.
If you are based in New Zealand, you can write to us at our registered address: InnoCraft Limited, 7 Waterloo Quay, PO625, 6140 Wellington, New Zealand, Attention: Privacy Officer.
We aim to respond to your inquiries as soon as reasonably possible. If you want to give us feedback on how we handled your request, please let us know. We are always trying to improve.
EU Representative
Because InnoCraft is located outside of the EU and UK, the InnoCraft team has named a representative of controllers or processors not established in the EU or the EEA and in the UK (Art. 27 GDPR):
If you are a resident of the EU or the EEA, you can contact:
ePrivacy Holding GmbH
Burchardstraße 14
20095 Hamburg
Germany
www.eprivacy.eu/en/legal
If you are a resident of the UK, you can contact:
UK Representative Service for GDPR Ltd.
7 Savoy Court
London WC2R 0EX
United Kingdom
www.eprivacy.eu/en/legal
External Data Protection Officer
If you wish to communicate directly with our Data Protection Officer (because you have a particularly sensitive matter for example), please contact them by post, as communication by e-mail could always have security gaps.
Please state in your request that your concern relates to the company InnoCraft.
External Data Protection Officer
ePrivacy GmbH
represented by Prof. Dr.
Christoph Bauer
Burchardstraße 14, 20095 Hamburg
Germany
Sub-policy 10
https://www.criteo.com/privacy/:
What does 2025 have in store for retail media? Check out the new “10 Trends” report.
Download the report
Platform
Back
Back
Platform
Advertising & monetization for marketers and media owners
Commerce Media Platform
The connected commerce media environment for the open internet
Commerce Growth
For marketers & agencies looking for automated acquisition & retention
Commerce Max
For brands & agencies looking for retail media on the open internet
Commerce Grid
For media owners, agencies, and retailers looking to connect media and commerce with programmatic
Commerce Yield
For retailers, marketplaces & commerce companies looking to control, scale, and maximize digital asset monetization
Back
Technology
Commerce-focused tech that maximizes outcomes
Addressability
Learn about our multi-pronged addressability strategy for the ecosystem
AI Engine
Removes the guesswork to save time and reach your KPIs
Predictive Bidding
Bids based on the predicted value of each user to save you money
Product Recommendations
Intent-based recommendations that drive more sales
Shopper Graph
Connects shopper IDs & commerce data to scale and optimize your campaigns
Solutions
Back
Back
Performance Media
Digital advertising solutions for every stage of the shopper journey
Customer Acquisition
Reach new people who are likely interested in you but don't know you yet
Customer Retention
Increase customer lifetime value from people who already know you
Dynamic Retargeting
Increase conversions from people who know you with personalized product ads
Audiences
Find and keep your next top customer with the largest commerce dataset
Video Advertising
Drive discovery and engagement with online video
Contextual Advertising
Level up your targeting by combining commerce data and contextual data
Back
Retail Media
Activation & monetization solutions for brands, agencies, and retailers
Retail Media
Reach and convert shoppers with relevant ads near the digital point of sale
Resources
Back
Back
General
Insights, education, Criteo updates, and more
Resource Center
Reports, guides, webinars, and more to inform your ad strategy
Blog
Fresh insights on commerce media and digital advertising
Success Stories
How others have realized their goals by partnering with Criteo
Consumer Trends
The latest consumer data for 20 countries and 600+ product categories
Glossary
Definitions of the most common digital advertising terminology
Addressability
Learn about our multi-pronged addressability strategy for the ecosystem
Help Center
FAQs, guides, and more to help you maximize your Criteo campaigns
Events
See where Criteo will be next
Back
Creative Formats
Ad formats and a gallery of real-world ad examples
Digital Ad Formats
Explore our ad formats for video, adaptive, rich media, and more
Ad Gallery
Real-world examples for a variety of formats, verticals, and regions
Dynamic Creative Optimization+
Real-time creative decisioning that scales to make sure your ads are seen
About
Back
Back
About
Company
Get to know Criteo
Investors
Information for investors
In the News
Press releases and mentions
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
Our DEI pillars, goals, and more
Sustainability
Our approach for a sustainable future
Product Ethics
How we ensure ethical advertising
Trust Center
Our ad ethics, privacy, and security practices
Careers
Explore open opportunities
Search for:
Search
Select your Language
Deutsch
English
Español
Français
Italiano
Polski
Português
Pусский
한국어
中文
日本語
English
My Account
Contact Sales
Privacy Policy
Table of Contents
Privacy Policy
Disable Criteo services on Internet browsers
Disable Criteo services on mobile applications
How we use your data
How Criteo services work across environments
Your rights
Our partners
CCPA Privacy Policy
Welcome! This is where you can learn about Criteo, the technologies and services we offer to our partners, and our data collection and privacy policies.
Disable Criteo services
Our activity
Criteo helps brands, e-commerce sites and other advertisers (“Advertisers”) promote their products and services. We do that by enabling Advertisers to tailor their campaigns and/or offers to audiences that they want to reach with content that they wish to promote, which in turns means that you may receive advertising that may be of interest to you on the websites, mobile applications and other platforms of our partners (the “Publishers” or “Partners”).
How do our services work?
Criteo does not use any data that allows us to identify you directly, such as your first and last name, postal address, email address in plain text, etc.
When you browse an Advertiser’s website or mobile application that uses our technologies, that technology allows us to collect a limited amount of data relating to your browsing, such as the products you have viewed, put in your shopping cart and purchased.
Find out more about the type of data collected by Criteo
. This navigation data is linked to a unique identifier, namely an identification cookie or any other similar technology (such as mobile advertising identifiers and non-cookie technologies) depending on your navigation environment.
When you browse a Publisher’s website or mobile application that also uses our technologies, the Publisher notifies us, either directly or through an advertiser exchange, that an advertising space is available to offer you personalized advertising. The Criteo technology, working with our Advertisers, then may decide to purchase that advertising space.
The advertising you see from our partners when using our technology is based on our recommendation algorithms.
Practical example
Here is one way our technology allows us to provide you with ads that may be of interest to you:
When users visit an Advertiser website using our technologies, data relating to their browsing events are collected.
Example of data collected by Criteo:
The user with the cookie identifier 123f94d8-a745-4f8b-a1d0-bf6fbbd60058 (let’s name it “Criteo ID 123” for convenience) viewed product A on 01/01/2018 at 13:37 while browsing www.example-advertiser.com.
Our technologies compare these data with the aggregated data available on the Advertiser’s website.
Example of aggregated data available:
In general, users who purchased Product A on www.example-advertiser.com also purchased Product B on this website
In general, Product C is popular on this website
When users browse a Publisher website, we are informed of the availability of advertising spaces.
Example of data collected by Criteo:
An advertising space with the following characteristics (size, visibility, etc.) is available on www.example-publisher.com that the Criteo ID 123 is about to browse
Then our algorithms determine the relevance for buying the advertising space and displaying a personalized ad on it.
Example of decision that would be taken by Criteo: Buy the advertising space available on www.example-publisher.com and display an ad featuring the following products:
Product A, because the user with the Criteo ID 123 showed interest in it during a recent session
Product B, because the user with the Criteo ID 123 is likely to be interested in this product since he/she has viewed product A during a recent session
Product C, because this product is popular.
If you disable Criteo services, we will not display any personalized ads to you. On the other hand, the advertising space may be purchased by another company to display personalized or non-personalized ads. If you want to disable Criteo services,
click here
.
Please note that the use of our technologies on our partners’ websites and mobile applications is governed by their privacy policies, which can be accessed directly from their websites and/or mobile applications. We require them to provide you with complete and appropriate information and, to the extent required by law, to obtain your consent before any of your personal information is available to us.
Our technologies are able to work in a similar fashion:
on a webpage by relying on cookies, which are supported by most web browsers;
on a mobile application by relying on the mobile advertising ID provided by mobile operating system vendors (e. g. Google and Apple);
on an browser which default settings limit the use of third-party cookies and inter-site tracking, such as Safari, if you provide consent for our services to co-exist with these default settings;
and in a transversal way between the different environments listed above. Find out more about
how our services work from one environment to another (“cross-device linking”)
.
In order to provide you with ads that are better tailored to your interests, we may receive and process audience and segments information derived from the data you accepted to share with trusted third party partners. These partners may send us information regarding your shopping habits (e.g. interested in clothing, furniture or electronics), the points of interest that are near you based on non-precise geolocation information (e.g. stores that are geographically close to you) or the products you have been purchasing in a brick and mortar store of the advertisers that are using our services to manage their online marketing campaigns. In such case, Criteo will only process geolocation information and identifiers (such as cookie IDs and Mobile Advertising IDs) that do not allow us to know who you are.
We believe that the personalization of ads is beneficial to you and the Internet ecosystem in that it contributes to the promotion of a free and open Internet by allowing Publishers to monetize the content they create, while allowing you to benefit from ads that may be more interesting to you than non-personalized ads that would be displayed to you.
Our privacy pillars
We have developed our services and technologies taking great care to respect your privacy.
Data minimisation
We undertake never to use any data that allows us to identify you directly, such as your first and last name, postal address, email address in plain text, etc. Without ever being able to identify you personally, our technologies are able to recognize your devices and/or browsers on the basis of an identifier consisting of a series of characters (identifier contained in a cookie or other). However, these data are qualified as personal data by European regulations and personal information by Californian law. As such, they are the subject of our greatest vigilance in terms of security and respect for your privacy.
Privacy by design
Our product teams develop every feature with privacy in mind; it’s the cornerstone of Privacy by Design, Criteo’s long-standing practice and commitment to ensuring industry-leading privacy, security and safety for consumers and marketers.
Key elements include:
As required by the GDPR, we have had a designated Data Privacy Officer since 2013 along with a team of privacy experts.
These experts sit within the Product and R&D organization. They perform ongoing Privacy Impact Assessments to monitor potential risks during the product lifecycle and proactively mitigate those risks.
The Data Privacy team delivers company-wide privacy training, enforces codes of conduct, and is integral to ensuring that we build best-in-class products and services.
We regularly review and document our internal policies, amend existing privacy policies as necessary, and enforce these policies with our partners and vendors.
Criteo's commitments
Our ads do not require:
To collect data that allows us to identify you directly, such as your first and last name, your postal address, or your email address in plain text.
To collect sensitive information (such as religion, political opinion, health or sexual orientation …) to create segments or target ads to users. For the sole purpose of serving ads on a Publisher’s properties that could possibly reveal sensitive information (eg. a medical website), we may collect the URL of the website or the name of the mobile application.
To collect irrevocable identifiers, such as the hardware identifiers of the devices you use (UDID or MAC address, etc.).
To collect data related to your precise geolocation in real time.
Criteo supports industry initiatives for greater transparency in personalized advertising
Criteo has been involved from an early stage in initiatives to promote greater transparency and user control over personalized advertising.
Digital Advertising Alliance
Criteo complies with the
Digital Advertising Alliance’s (DAA) self-regulatory principles for online behavioural advertising
and is integrated on the
DAA’s “YourAdChoices” unsubscription platform
, which gives you the opportunity to express your online advertising choices to all its participants, including your desire to disable their services.
European Digital Advertising Alliance
Criteo complies with the
self-regulatory principles of the European Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA)
. The Criteo Dynamic Retargeting service has been independently certified by the EDAA for data protection.
Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada
Criteo respects the
self-regulatory principles of the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)
and is present on the
DAAC’s unsubscribe platform “YourOnlineChoices”
, which offers you the opportunity to express your choices regarding online advertising to all its stakeholders, and in particular your desire to disable their services.
Network Advertising Initiative
Criteo adheres to the
codes of conduct of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI)
and is integrated with the
NAI unsubscription platform
, which offers you the opportunity to express your choices regarding online advertising to all the players involved, and in particular your desire to disable their services.
IAB Europe
Criteo participates in the
IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework
and complies with its Specifications and Policies. Criteo’s identification number within the framework is 91.
Criteo imposes a high level of requirements on its partners
We contractually require that the Advertisers and Publishers with whom we work to comply with the
Criteo Advertising Guidelines
and
Supply Partner Guidelines
, as well as with the various regulations applicable to the protection of personal data, and in particular the GDPR.
By using the Criteo Services, they undertake, where the applicable regulations require it:
to include on their websites and mobile applications the appropriate notice and information, allowing users to know more about our services and to object to them through this notice; and
to collect the consent of users prior to the placement of cookies or any similar technology for the purpose of displaying personalized advertisements.
In order to help our partners meet their legal and contractual obligations, we regularly share industry best practices with them.
Google’s Privacy Sandbox
We participate in testing the Google Privacy Sandbox, a set of technologies to enable digital advertising without using third-party cookies in Google Chrome. With your consent, and as part of the testing, Criteo may store and access data on your device or browser, including by setting new cookies, that
relates to your web browsing interests and to ad measurement. In accordance with applicable data protection laws, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time on this
page
. For more information about the Google Privacy Sandbox please see
https://privacysandbox.com/
.
Your data, your choice
Understand my rights
in relation to my personal data.
Learn more about
how we use your data
.
Disable Criteo services
.
Contact us
.
Changes to our privacy policy
Please note that we may update or change this privacy policy. If we revise our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, and to other places we deem appropriate, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any we disclose it. If we make any material changes we will notify you by means of a notice on this site prior to the change becoming effective.
Last updated : 11/03/2022
Criteo Trend Tracker
Data & Insights to Know and Share
Sub-policy 11
https://www.criteo.com/privacy/criteo-works-with-the-following-platforms/:
What does 2025 have in store for retail media? Check out the new “10 Trends” report.
Download the report
Platform
Back
Back
Platform
Advertising & monetization for marketers and media owners
Commerce Media Platform
The connected commerce media environment for the open internet
Commerce Growth
For marketers & agencies looking for automated acquisition & retention
Commerce Max
For brands & agencies looking for retail media on the open internet
Commerce Grid
For media owners, agencies, and retailers looking to connect media and commerce with programmatic
Commerce Yield
For retailers, marketplaces & commerce companies looking to control, scale, and maximize digital asset monetization
Back
Technology
Commerce-focused tech that maximizes outcomes
Addressability
Learn about our multi-pronged addressability strategy for the ecosystem
AI Engine
Removes the guesswork to save time and reach your KPIs
Predictive Bidding
Bids based on the predicted value of each user to save you money
Product Recommendations
Intent-based recommendations that drive more sales
Shopper Graph
Connects shopper IDs & commerce data to scale and optimize your campaigns
Solutions
Back
Back
Performance Media
Digital advertising solutions for every stage of the shopper journey
Customer Acquisition
Reach new people who are likely interested in you but don't know you yet
Customer Retention
Increase customer lifetime value from people who already know you
Dynamic Retargeting
Increase conversions from people who know you with personalized product ads
Audiences
Find and keep your next top customer with the largest commerce dataset
Video Advertising
Drive discovery and engagement with online video
Contextual Advertising
Level up your targeting by combining commerce data and contextual data
Back
Retail Media
Activation & monetization solutions for brands, agencies, and retailers
Retail Media
Reach and convert shoppers with relevant ads near the digital point of sale
Resources
Back
Back
General
Insights, education, Criteo updates, and more
Resource Center
Reports, guides, webinars, and more to inform your ad strategy
Blog
Fresh insights on commerce media and digital advertising
Success Stories
How others have realized their goals by partnering with Criteo
Consumer Trends
The latest consumer data for 20 countries and 600+ product categories
Glossary
Definitions of the most common digital advertising terminology
Addressability
Learn about our multi-pronged addressability strategy for the ecosystem
Help Center
FAQs, guides, and more to help you maximize your Criteo campaigns
Events
See where Criteo will be next
Back
Creative Formats
Ad formats and a gallery of real-world ad examples
Digital Ad Formats
Explore our ad formats for video, adaptive, rich media, and more
Ad Gallery
Real-world examples for a variety of formats, verticals, and regions
Dynamic Creative Optimization+
Real-time creative decisioning that scales to make sure your ads are seen
About
Back
Back
About
Company
Get to know Criteo
Investors
Information for investors
In the News
Press releases and mentions
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
Our DEI pillars, goals, and more
Sustainability
Our approach for a sustainable future
Product Ethics
How we ensure ethical advertising
Trust Center
Our ad ethics, privacy, and security practices
Careers
Explore open opportunities
Search for:
Search
Select your Language
Deutsch
English
Español
Français
Italiano
Polski
Português
Pусский
한국어
中文
日本語
English
My Account
Contact Sales
Our partners
Table of Contents
Privacy Policy
Disable Criteo services on Internet browsers
Disable Criteo services on mobile applications
How we use your data
How Criteo services work across environments
Your rights
Our partners
CCPA Privacy Policy
We encourage you to read Criteo partners’ policies to understand their privacy practices and any options that they provide you for exercising your rights on data related to you.
Supply-side platforms
AdForm
AdGeneration
AdStir
AdYouLike
Affiliation
AJA
AOL
AppLovin
Axonix
BidCore
BidSwitch
Bigo
Bytedance
CondigoLabs
D2C
Dable
Dailymotion
Digital Turbine
eBay
EMX
E-Planning
Equativ
Fluct
FreeWheel
Google
Improve Digital
Index Exchange
Inmobi
Iponweb
IronSource
Ividence
kakao
Line
LiveIntent
Magnite DV+
Magnite Streaming
MediaNet
Mediavine
Meta
MezzoMedia
MicroAd
Microsoft
Millennial
NasMedia
Nate
Nativo
Naver
Nexxen
NHNAce
Outbrain
Pubmatic
PubNative
RevContent
Sharethrough
Smaato
Start.io
Ströer
Synacor
Taboola
Teads
The MediaGrid
TimesInternet
TPMN
Triplelift
Twiago
UCFunnel
Unity
Verizon Media Group
Xandr
Yahoo
Yieldlab
Yieldmo
Data platforms
Adobe
Advalo
Commanders Act
Ensighten
Eulerian
Mediarithmics
mParticle
Neustar
Nielsen
Oracle
Salesforce
Segment
Signal
Tealium
Treasure Data
Weborama
Ysance
Partners allowing us to match several identifiers
Bridge Corp
Drawbridge
ID5
Liveramp
Mediawallah
Oracle
Tapad
The Bright Tag
Tower Data
TrueData
Partners allowing us to fight against fraud
Integral Ad Science
Pixalate
Partners who allow us to approximate your general location
Adsquare
Maxmind
PlaceIQ
Audience partners
Adjust
AppsFlyer
Branch
Clario
Kairos
Kochava
Meta
Singular
Please note that we make our best efforts to keep these lists up to date by updating them on a regular basis.
Criteo Trend Tracker
Data & Insights to Know and Share
Sub-policy 12
https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/privacystatement:
This is the Trace Id: 1ea3844d9457e7c9692d89cf7aaaa807
Microsoft Privacy Statement
Last Updated: March 2025
What's new?
Print
Expand All
Collapse All
Microsoft Privacy Statement
Personal data we collect
How we use personal data
Reasons we share personal data
How to access and control your personal data
Cookies and similar technologies
Products provided by your organization—notice to end users
Microsoft account
Collection of data from children
Other important privacy information
Security of personal data
Where we store and process personal data
Our retention of personal data
U.S. State Data Privacy
Advertising
Speech recognition technologies
Preview or free-of-charge releases
Changes to this privacy statement
How to contact us
Product-specific details:
Artificial Intelligence and Microsoft Copilot capabilities
Enterprise and developer products
Enterprise online services
Enterprise and developer software and enterprise appliances
Productivity and communications products
Microsoft 365, Office, and other productivity apps
Microsoft Family
Microsoft Launcher
Microsoft Teams
OneDrive
Outlook
Skype
Surface
Surface Duo
LinkedIn
Search and browse
Bing
Microsoft Edge
Microsoft Translator
SwiftKey
Windows
Activation
Activity history
Advertising ID
Diagnostics
Personalized offers
Feedback Hub
Get Help
Live captions
Location services and recording
Narrator
Phone Link - Link to Windows
Cross-device experiences
Security and safety features
Speech, Voice Activation, Inking, and Typing
Sync and backup settings
Update Services
Web browsers—Microsoft Edge Legacy and Internet Explorer
Windows AI Features
Windows apps
Windows Hello
Windows Search
Entertainment and related services
Xbox
Microsoft Store
Microsoft Start
Silverlight
Windows Mixed Reality
Cookies
Most Microsoft sites use cookies, small text files placed on your device which web servers utilize in the domain that placed the cookie can retrieve later. We use cookies to store your preferences and settings, help with sign-in, provide personalized ads, and analyze site operations. For more information, see the
Cookies and similar technologies
section of this privacy statement.
EU-U.S., UK Extension, and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks
Microsoft complies with the EU-U.S., UK Extension to the EU-U.S., and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks. To learn more, see the
Where we store and process personal data
section, and
visit the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Data Privacy Framework website
.
Contact us
If you have a privacy concern, complaint, or question for the Microsoft Chief Privacy Officer or EU Data Protection Officer, please contact us by using our
web form
. For more information about contacting Microsoft, including Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited, see the
How to contact us
section of this privacy statement.
Your privacy is important to us. This privacy statement explains the personal data Microsoft processes, how Microsoft processes it, and for what purposes.
Microsoft offers a wide range of products, including server products used to help operate enterprises worldwide, devices you use in your home, software that students use at school, and services developers use to create and host what’s next. References to Microsoft products in this statement include Microsoft services, websites, apps, software, servers, and devices.
Please read the product-specific details in this privacy statement, which provide additional relevant information. This statement applies to the interactions Microsoft has with you and the Microsoft products listed below, as well as other Microsoft products that display this statement.
Young people may prefer starting with the
Privacy for young people
page. That page highlights information that may be helpful for young people.
For individuals in the United States, please refer to our
U.S. State Data Privacy Notice
and the
Consumer Health Data Privacy Policy
for additional information about the processing of your personal data, and your rights under applicable U.S. state data privacy laws.
Personal data we collect
Microsoft collects data from you, through our interactions with you and through our products. You provide some of this data directly, and we get some of it by collecting data about your interactions, use, and experiences with our products. The data we collect depends on the context of your interactions with Microsoft and the choices you make, including your privacy settings and the products and features you use. We also obtain data about you from Microsoft affiliates, subsidiaries, and third parties.
If you represent an organization, such as a business or school, that utilizes Enterprise and Developer Products from Microsoft, please see the
Enterprise and developer products
section of this privacy statement to learn how we process your data. If you are an end user of a Microsoft product or a Microsoft account provided by your organization, please see the
Products provided by your organization
and the
Microsoft account
sections for more information.
You have choices when it comes to the technology you use and the data you share. When we ask you to provide personal data, you can decline. Many of our products require some personal data to provide you with a service. If you choose not to provide data -required to provide you with a product or feature, you cannot use that product or feature. Likewise, where we need to collect personal data by law or to enter into or carry out a contract with you, and you do not provide the data, we will not be able to enter into the contract; or if this relates to an existing product you are using, we may have to suspend or cancel it. We will notify you if this is the case at the time. Where providing the data is optional, and you choose not to share personal data, features like personalization that use such data will not work for you.
Microsoft collects data from you, through our interactions with you and through our products for a variety of purposes described below, including to operate effectively and provide you with the best experiences with our products. You provide some of this data directly, such as when you create a Microsoft account, administer your organization’s licensing account, submit a search query to Bing, register for a Microsoft event, upload a document to OneDrive, sign up for Microsoft 365, or contact us for support. We get some of it by collecting data about your interactions, use, and experience with our products and communications. In addition, we receive data from Microsoft affiliates, subsidiaries, and third parties.
We rely on a variety of legal reasons and permissions (sometimes called “legal bases”) to process data, including with your consent, a balancing of legitimate interests, necessity to enter into and perform contracts, and compliance with legal obligations, for a variety of purposes described below.
We also obtain data from third parties. We protect data obtained from third parties according to the practices described in this statement, plus any additional restrictions imposed by the source of the data. These third-party sources vary over time and include:
Data brokers from which we purchase demographic data to supplement the data we collect.
Services that make user-generated content from their service available to others, such as local business reviews or public social media posts.
Communication services, including email providers and social networks, when you give us permission to access your data on such third-party services or networks.
Service providers that help us determine your device’s location.
Partners with which we offer co-branded services or engage in joint marketing activities.
Developers who create experiences through or for Microsoft products.
Third parties that deliver experiences through Microsoft products.
Publicly-available sources, such as open public sector, academic, and commercial data sets and other data sources.
If you represent an organization, such as a business or school, that utilizes Enterprise and Developer Products from Microsoft, please see the
Enterprise and developer products
section of this privacy statement to learn how we process your data. If you are an end user of a Microsoft product or a Microsoft account provided by your organization, please see the
Products provided by your organization
and the
Microsoft account
sections for more information.
You have choices when it comes to the technology you use and the data you share. When you are asked to provide personal data, you can decline. Many of our products require some personal data to operate and provide you with a service. If you choose not to provide data required to operate and provide you with a product or feature, you cannot use that product or feature. Likewise, where we need to collect personal data by law or to enter into or carry out a contract with you, and you do not provide the data, we will not be able to enter into the contract; or if this relates to an existing product you’re using, we may have to suspend or cancel it. We will notify you if this is the case at the time. Where providing the data is optional, and you choose not to share personal data, features like personalization that use the data will not work for you.
The data we collect depends on the context of your interactions with Microsoft and the choices you make (including your privacy settings), the products and features you use, your location, and applicable law
.
The data we collect can include the following:
Name and contact data
. Your first and last name, email address, postal address, phone number, and other similar contact data.
Credentials
. Passwords, password hints, and similar security information used for authentication and account access.
Demographic data
. Data about you such as your age, gender, country, and preferred language.
Payment data
. Data to process payments, such as your payment instrument number (such as a credit card number) and the security code associated with your payment instrument.
Subscription and licensing data
. Information about your subscriptions, licenses, and other entitlements.
Interactions
. Data about your use of Microsoft products. In some cases, such as search queries, this is data you provide in order to make use of the products. In other cases, such as error reports, this is data we generate. Other examples of interactions data include:
Device and usage data
. Data about your device and the product and features you use, including information about your hardware and software, how our products perform, as well as your settings. For example:
Payment and account history
. Data about the items you purchase and activities associated with your account.
Browse history
. Data about the webpages you visit.
Device, connectivity, and configuration data
. Data about your device, your device configuration, and nearby networks. For example, data about the operating systems and other software installed on your device, including product keys. In addition, IP address, device identifiers (such as the IMEI number for phones), regional and language settings, and information about WLAN access points near your device.
Error reports and performance data
. Data about the performance of the products and any problems you experience, including error reports. Error reports (sometimes called “crash dumps”) can include details of the software or hardware related to an error, contents of files opened when an error occurred, and data about other software on your device.
Troubleshooting and help data
. Data you provide when you contact Microsoft for help, such as the products you use, and other details that help us provide support. For example, contact or authentication data, the content of your chats and other communications with Microsoft, data about the condition of your device, and the products you use related to your help inquiry. When you contact us, such as for customer support, phone conversations or chat sessions with our representatives may be monitored and recorded.
Bot usage data
. Interactions with bots and skills available through Microsoft products, including bots and skills provided by third parties.
Interests and favorites
. Data about your interests and favorites, such as the sports teams you follow, the programming languages you prefer, the stocks you track, or cities you add to track things like weather or traffic. In addition to those you explicitly provide, your interests and favorites can also be inferred or derived from other data we collect, such as your interactions on websites where our technology is used to show or measure ads.
Content consumption data
. Information about media content (e.g., TV, video, music, audio, text books, apps, and games) you access through our products.
Searches and commands
. Search queries and commands when you use Microsoft products with search or related productivity functionality, such as interactions with a chat bot.
Voice data
. Your voice data, sometimes referred to as “voice clips”, such as search queries, commands, or dictation you speak, which may include background sounds.
Text, inking, and typing data
. Text, inking, and typing data and related information. For example, when we collect inking data, we collect information about the placement of your inking instrument on your device.
Images
. Images and related information, such as picture metadata. For example, we collect the image you provide when you use a Bing image-enabled service.
Contacts and relationships
. Data about your contacts and relationships if you use a product to share information with others, manage contacts, communicate with others, or improve your productivity.
Social data
. Information about your relationships and interactions between you, other people, and organizations, such as types of engagement (e.g., likes, dislikes, events, etc.) related to people and organizations.
Location data
. Data about your device’s location, which can be either precise or imprecise. For example, we collect location data using Global Navigation Satellite System (GNSS) (e.g., GPS) and data about nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi hotspots. Location can also be inferred from a device’s IP address or data in your account profile that indicates where it is located with less precision, such as at a city or postal code level.
Other input
. Other inputs provided when you use our products. For example, data such as the buttons you press on an Xbox wireless controller using the Xbox network, skeletal tracking data when you use Kinect, and other sensor data, like the number of steps you take, when you use devices that have applicable sensors. If you attend an in-store event, we collect the data you provide to us when registering for or during the event and if you enter into a prize promotion, we collect the data you input into the entry form.
Content
. Content of your files and communications you input, upload, receive, create, and control. For example, if you transmit a file using Skype to another Skype user, we need to collect the content of that file to display it to you and the other user. If you receive an email using Outlook.com, we need to collect the content of that email to deliver it to your inbox, display it to you, enable you to reply to it, and store it for you until you choose to delete it. Other content we collect when providing products to you include:
Communications, including audio, video, text (typed, inked, dictated, or otherwise), in a message, email, call, meeting request, or chat.
Photos, images, songs, movies, software, and other media or documents you store, retrieve, or otherwise process with our cloud.
Video or recordings
. Recordings of events and activities at Microsoft buildings, retail spaces, and other locations. If you enter Microsoft Store locations or other facilities, or attend a Microsoft event that is recorded, we may process your image and voice data.
Feedback and ratings
. Information you provide to us and the content of messages you send to us, such as feedback, survey data, and product reviews you write.
Traffic data
. Data generated through your use of Microsoft’s communications services. Traffic data indicates with whom you have communicated and when your communications occurred. We will process your traffic data only as required to provide, maintain, and improve our communications services and we do so with your consent.
Product-specific sections below describe data collection practices applicable to use of those products.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
How we use personal data
Microsoft uses the data we collect to provide you with rich, interactive experiences. In particular, we use data to:
Provide our products, which includes updating, securing, and troubleshooting, as well as providing support. It also includes sharing data, when it is required to provide the service or carry out the transactions you request.
Improve and develop our products.
Personalize our products and make recommendations.
Advertise and market to you, which includes sending promotional communications, targeting advertising, and presenting you with relevant offers.
We also use the data to operate our business, which includes analyzing our performance, meeting our legal obligations, developing our workforce, and doing research.
In carrying out these purposes, we combine data we collect from different contexts (for example, from your use of two Microsoft products) or obtain from third parties to give you a more seamless, consistent, and personalized experience, to make informed business decisions, and for other legitimate purposes.
Our processing of personal data for these purposes includes both automated and manual (human) methods of processing. Our automated methods often are related to and supported by our manual methods. For example, to build, train, and improve the accuracy of our automated methods of processing (including artificial intelligence or AI), we manually review some of the output produced by the automated methods against the underlying data.
As part of our efforts to improve and develop our products, we may use your data to develop and train our AI models. Learn more
here
.
Microsoft uses the data we collect to provide you rich, interactive experiences. In particular, we use data to:
Provide our products, which includes updating, securing, and troubleshooting, as well as providing support. It also includes sharing data, when it is required to provide the service or carry out the transactions you request.
Improve and develop our products.
Personalize our products and make recommendations.
Advertise and market to you, which includes sending promotional communications, targeting advertising, and presenting you relevant offers.
We also use the data to operate our business, which includes analyzing our performance, meeting our legal obligations, developing our workforce, and doing research.
For these purposes, we combine data we collect from different contexts (for example, from your use of two Microsoft products). For example, Microsoft Store uses information about the apps and services you use to make personalized app recommendations. However, we have built in technological and procedural safeguards designed to prevent certain data combinations where required by law. For example, where required by law, we store data we collect from you when you are unauthenticated (not signed in) separately from any account information that directly identifies you, such as your name, email address, or phone number.
Our processing of personal data for these purposes includes both automated and manual (human) methods of processing. Our automated methods often are related to and supported by our manual methods. For example, to build, train, and improve the accuracy of our automated methods of processing (including artificial intelligence or AI), we manually review some of the output produced by the automated methods against the underlying data.
As part of our efforts to improve and develop our products, we may use your data to develop and train our AI models. Learn more
here
.
Purposes and legal bases for processing
When we process personal data about you, we do so with your consent and/or as required to provide the products you use, operate our business, meet our contractual and legal obligations, protect the security and safety of our systems and our customers, or fulfill other legitimate interests of Microsoft or third parties as described in this section and in the
Reasons we share personal data
section of this privacy statement. Our bases for processing your personal data may vary depending on how and across what products and services we process your data.
When we process personal data based on our or a third party’s legitimate interests, we consider and balance those interests against your rights and freedoms, and we will only process your personal data where the legitimate interests we have in processing are not outweighed by your interests.
When we transfer personal data from the European Economic Area, we do so based on a variety of legal mechanisms, as described in the
Where we store and process personal data
section of this privacy statement.
More on the purposes of processing:
Provide our products
. We use data to operate our products and provide you with rich, interactive experiences. For example, if you use OneDrive, we process the documents you upload to OneDrive to enable you to retrieve, delete, edit, forward, or otherwise process it, at your direction as part of the service. Or, for example, if you enter a search query in the Bing search engine, we use that query to display search results to you. Additionally, as communications are a feature of various products, programs, and activities, we use data to contact you. For example, we may contact you by phone or email or other means to inform you when a subscription is ending or discuss your licensing account. We also communicate with you to secure our products, for example by letting you know when product updates are available.
Product improvement
. We use data to continually improve our products, including adding new features or capabilities. For example, we use error reports to improve security features, search queries and clicks in Bing to improve the relevancy of the search results, usage data to determine what new features to prioritize, and voice data to develop and improve speech recognition accuracy.
Personalization
. Many products include personalized features, such as recommendations that enhance your productivity and enjoyment. These features use automated processes to tailor your product experiences based on the data we have about you, such as inferences we make about you and your use of the product, activities, interests, and location. For example, depending on your settings, if you stream movies in a browser on your Windows device, you may see a recommendation for an app from the Microsoft Store that streams more efficiently. If you have a Microsoft account, with your permission, we can sync your settings on several devices. Many of our products provide controls to disable personalized features.
Product activation
. We use data—such as device and application type, location, and unique device, application, network, and subscription identifiers—to activate products that require activation.
Product development
. We use data to develop new products. For example, we use data, often de-identified, to better understand our customers’ computing and productivity needs, and to train and fine-tune AI models, which can shape the development of new products.
Customer support
. We use data to troubleshoot and diagnose product problems, repair customers’ devices, and provide other customer care and support services, including to help us provide, improve, and secure the quality of our products, services, and training, and to investigate security incidents. Call recording data may also be used to authenticate or identify you based on your voice to enable Microsoft to provide support services and investigate security incidents.
Help secure and troubleshoot
. We use data to help secure and troubleshoot our products. This includes using data to protect the security and safety of our products and customers, detecting malware and malicious activities, troubleshooting performance and compatibility issues to help customers get the most out of their experiences, and notifying customers of updates to our products. This may include using automated systems to detect security and safety issues.
Safety
. We use data to protect the safety of our products and our customers. Our security features and products can disrupt the operation of malicious software and notify users if malicious software is found on their devices. For example, some of our products, such as Outlook.com or OneDrive, systematically scan content in an automated manner to identify suspected spam, viruses, abusive actions, or URLs that have been flagged as fraud, phishing, or malware links; and we reserve the right to block delivery of a communication or remove content if it violates our terms.
In accordance with European Union Regulation (EU) 2021/1232, we have invoked the derogation permitted by that Regulation from Articles 5(1) and 6(1) of EU Directive 2002/58/EC. We use scanning technologies to create digital signatures (known as “hashes”) of certain images and video content on our systems. These technologies then compare the hashes they generate with hashes of reported child sexual exploitation and abuse imagery (known as a “hash set”), in a process called “hash matching”. Microsoft obtains hash sets from organizations that act in the public interest against child sex abuse. This can result in sharing information with the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children (NCMEC) and law enforcement authorities.
Updates
. We use data we collect to develop product updates and security patches. For example, we may use information about your device’s capabilities, such as available memory, to provide you a software update or security patch. Updates and patches are intended to maximize your experience with our products, help you protect the privacy and security of your data, provide new features, and evaluate whether your device is ready to process such updates.
Promotional communications
. We use data we collect to deliver promotional communications. You can sign up for email subscriptions and choose whether you wish to receive promotional communications from Microsoft by email, SMS, physical mail, and telephone. For information about managing your contact data, email subscriptions, and promotional communications, see the
How to access and control your personal data
section of this privacy statement.
Relevant offers
. Microsoft uses data to provide you with relevant and valuable information regarding our products. We analyze data from a variety of sources to predict the information that will be most interesting and relevant to you and deliver such information to you in a variety of ways. For example, we may predict your interest in gaming and communicate with you about new games you may like.
Advertising
. Microsoft does not use what you say in email, human-to-human chat, video calls, or voice mail, or your documents, photos, or other personal files to target ads to you. We use data we collect through our interactions with you, through some of our first-party products, services, apps, and web properties (Microsoft properties), and on third-party web properties, for advertising on our Microsoft properties and on third-party properties. We may use automated processes to help make advertising more relevant to you. For more information about how your data is used for advertising, see the
Advertising
section of this privacy statement.
Prize promotions and events
. We use your data to administer prize promotions and events available in our physical Microsoft Stores. For example, if you enter into a prize promotion, we may use your data to select a winner and provide the prize to you if you win. Or, if you register for a coding workshop or gaming event, we will add your name to the list of expected attendees.
Transacting commerce
. We use data to carry out your transactions with us. For example, we process payment information to provide customers with product subscriptions and use contact information to deliver goods purchased from the Microsoft Store.
Reporting and business operations
. We use data to analyze our operations and perform business intelligence. This enables us to make informed decisions and report on the performance of our business.
Protecting rights and property
. We use data to detect and prevent fraud, resolve disputes, enforce agreements, and protect our property. For example, we use data to confirm the validity of software licenses to reduce piracy. We may use automated processes to detect and prevent activities that violate our rights and the rights of others, such as fraud.
Legal compliance
. We process data to comply with applicable laws. For example, we use the age of our customers to assist us in meeting our obligations to protect children’s privacy. We also process contact information and credentials to help customers exercise their data protection rights.
Research.
With appropriate technical and organizational measures to safeguard individuals’ rights and freedoms, we use data to conduct research, including advanced machine learning and artificial intelligence capabilities for the benefit of the public interest and scientific purposes.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Reasons we share personal data
We share your personal data with your consent or to complete any transaction or provide any product you have requested or authorized. We also share data with Microsoft-controlled affiliates and subsidiaries; with vendors working on our behalf; when required by law or to respond to legal process; to protect our customers; to protect lives; to maintain the security of our products; and to protect the rights and property of Microsoft and its customers.
Please note that, as defined under certain U.S. state data privacy laws, “sharing” also relates to providing personal data to third parties for personalized advertising purposes. Please see the
U.S. State Data Privacy
section below and our
U.S. State Data Privacy Laws Notice
for more information.
We share your personal data with your consent or as necessary to complete any transaction or provide any product you have requested or authorized. For example, we share your content with third parties when you tell us to do so, such as when you send an email to a friend, share photos and documents on OneDrive, or link accounts with another service. If you use a Microsoft product provided by an organization you are affiliated with, such as an employer or school, or use an email address provided by such organization to access Microsoft products, we share certain data, such as interaction data and diagnostic data to enable your organization to manage the products. When you provide payment data to make a purchase, we will share payment data with banks and other entities that process payment transactions or provide other financial services, and for fraud prevention and credit risk reduction. Additionally, when you save a payment method (such as a card) to your account that you and other Microsoft account holders use to make purchases from Microsoft or its affiliates, your purchase receipts may be shared with anyone else who uses and has access to the same payment method to make a purchase from Microsoft, including the payment method’s named accountholder. When you permit push notifications for Microsoft products or applications on a non-Windows device, the operating system of that device will process some personal data to provide push notifications. Accordingly, Microsoft may send data to an external, third-party notification provider to deliver push notifications. Your device’s push notification services are governed by their own service-specific terms and privacy statements.
We also share personal data for digital advertising purposes. When you visit a website or use an app that wants to show you ads, the digital property may allow Microsoft to access or receive device data or certain other data identified in the Personal data we collect section above. We may then share this information with third party advertising platforms and advertisers to facilitate the delivery and measurement of ads on such digital properties.  Please see the Advertising and U.S. State Data Privacy sections below for more information about how your data is used for advertising.
In addition, we share personal data among Microsoft-controlled affiliates and subsidiaries. We also share personal data with vendors or agents working on our behalf for the purposes described in this statement. For example, companies we've hired to provide customer service support or assist in protecting and securing our systems and services may need access to personal data to provide those functions. In such cases, these companies must abide by our data privacy and security requirements and are not allowed to use personal data they receive from us for any other purpose. We may also disclose personal data as part of a corporate transaction such as a merger or sale of assets.
Finally, we will retain, access, transfer, disclose, and preserve personal data, including your content (such as the content of your emails in Outlook.com, or files in private folders on OneDrive), when we have a good faith belief that doing so is necessary to do any of the following:
Comply with applicable law or respond to valid legal process, including from law enforcement or other government agencies.
Protect the safety of our customers, organizations, and the public — for example, to prevent spam or attempts to defraud or otherwise cause harm, or to detect, prevent, and combat harmful or illegal behavior including the creation and sharing of harmful or illegal content.
Operate and maintain the security of our products, including to prevent or stop an attack on our computer systems or networks.
Protect the rights or property of Microsoft, including enforcing the terms governing the use of the services—however, if we receive information indicating that someone is using our services to traffic in stolen intellectual or physical property of Microsoft, we will not inspect a customer's private content ourselves, but we may refer the matter to law enforcement.
For more information about data we disclose in response to requests from law enforcement and other government agencies, please see our
Law Enforcement Requests Report
.
Please note that some of our products include links to or otherwise enable you to access products of third parties whose privacy practices differ from those of Microsoft. If you provide personal data to any of those products, your data is governed by their privacy policies.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
How to access and control your personal data
You can also make choices about the collection and use of your data by Microsoft. You can control your personal data that Microsoft has obtained, and exercise your data protection rights, by contacting Microsoft or using various tools we provide. In some cases, your ability to access or control your personal data will be limited, as required or permitted by applicable law. How you can access or control your personal data will also depend on which products you use. For example, you can:
Control the use of your data for personalized advertising from Microsoft, including Xandr, by visiting our
opt-out page
.
Choose whether you wish to receive promotional emails, SMS messages, telephone calls, and postal mail from Microsoft.
Access and clear some of your data through the
Microsoft privacy dashboard
.
Not all personal data processed by Microsoft can be accessed or controlled via the tools above. If you want to access or control personal data processed by Microsoft that is not available via the tools above or directly through the Microsoft products you use, you can always contact Microsoft at the address in the
How to contact us
section or by using our
web form
.
We provide aggregate metrics about user requests to exercise their data protection rights via the
Microsoft Privacy Report
.
You can also make choices about the collection and use of your data by Microsoft. You can control your personal data that Microsoft has obtained, and exercise your data protection rights, by contacting Microsoft or using various tools we provide. In some cases, your ability to access or control your personal data will be limited, as required or permitted by applicable law. How you can access or control your personal data will also depend on which products you use. For example, you can:
Control the use of your data for personalized advertising from Microsoft by visiting our
opt-out page
.
Choose whether you wish to receive promotional emails, SMS messages, telephone calls, and postal mail from Microsoft.
Access and clear some of your data through the
Microsoft privacy dashboard
.
Not all personal data processed by Microsoft can be accessed or controlled via the tools above. If you want to access or control personal data processed by Microsoft that is not available via the tools above or directly through the Microsoft products you use, you can always contact Microsoft at the address in the
How to contact us
section or by using our
web form
.
We provide aggregate metrics about user requests to exercise their data protection rights via the
Microsoft Privacy Report
.
You can access and control your personal data that Microsoft has obtained with tools Microsoft provides to you, which are described below, or by contacting Microsoft. For instance:
If Microsoft obtained your consent to use your personal data, you can withdraw that consent at any time.
You can request access to, erasure of, and updates to your personal data.
If you’d like to port your data elsewhere, you can use tools Microsoft provides to do so, or if none are available, you can contact Microsoft for assistance.
You can also object to or restrict the use of your personal data by Microsoft. For example, you can object at any time to our use of your personal data:
For direct marketing purposes.
Where we are performing a task in the public interest or pursuing our legitimate interests or those of a third party.
You may have these rights under applicable laws, including the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), but we offer them regardless of your location. In some cases, your ability to access or control your personal data will be limited, as required or permitted by applicable law.
If your organization, such as your employer, school, or service provider, provides you with access to and is administering your use of Microsoft products, contact your organization to learn more about how to access and control your personal data.
You can access and control your personal data that Microsoft has obtained, and exercise your data protection rights, using various tools we provide. The tools most useful to you will depend on our interactions with you and your use of our products. Here is a general list of tools we provide to help you control your personal data; specific products may provide additional controls.
Bing.
If you are signed into Bing, you can view and clear your stored search and chat history on your
privacy dashboard
. If you are not signed into Bing, you can view and clear stored search history associated to your device in your
Bing settings
.
Microsoft account.
If you wish to access, edit, or remove the profile information and payment information in your Microsoft account, change your password, add security information or close your account, you can do so by visiting the
Microsoft account website
.
If you have a
Microsoft Developer Network
(MSDN) public profile, you can access and edit your data by signing in at
MSDN forum
.
Microsoft privacy dashboard
. You can control some of the data Microsoft processes through your use of a Microsoft account on the
Microsoft privacy dashboard
. From here, for example, you can view and clear the browsing, search, and location data associated with your Microsoft account.
Microsoft Store.
You can access your Microsoft Store profile and account information by visiting
Microsoft Store
and selecting
View account
or
Order history.
Microsoft Teams for personal use.
You can find out how to export or delete Teams data relating to your personal Microsoft account by visiting this
page
.
OneDrive.
You can view, download, and delete your files and photos in OneDrive by signing into your
OneDrive
.
Outlook.com.
You can download your emails in
Outlook.com
by signing into your account and navigating to your
Privacy and data
settings.
Skype
. If you wish to access, edit, or remove some profile and payment information for Skype or change your password,
sign in to your account
. If you wish to export your Skype chat history and files shared on Skype, you can
request a copy
.
Volume Licensing Service Center (VLSC).
If you are a Volume Licensing customer, you can control your contact information and subscription and licensing data in one location by visiting the
Volume Licensing Service Center website
.
Xbox
. If you use the Xbox network or Xbox.com, you can view or edit your personal data, including billing and account information, privacy settings, and online safety and data sharing preferences by accessing
My Xbox
on the Xbox console or on the Xbox.com website.
Not all personal data processed by Microsoft can be accessed or controlled via the tools above. If you want to access or control personal data processed by Microsoft that is not available via the tools above or directly through the Microsoft products you use, you can always contact Microsoft at the address in the
How to contact us
section or by using our
web form
. We will respond to requests to control your personal data as required by applicable law.
Your communications preferences
You can choose whether you wish to receive promotional communications from Microsoft by email, SMS, physical mail, and telephone. If you receive promotional email or SMS messages from us and would like to opt out, you can do so by following the directions in that message. You can also make choices about the receipt of promotional email, telephone calls, and postal mail by signing in with your personal Microsoft account, and viewing your
communication permissions
where you can update contact information, manage Microsoft-wide contact preferences, opt out of email subscriptions, and choose whether to share your contact information with Microsoft partners. If you do not have a personal Microsoft account, you can manage your Microsoft email contact preferences by using this
web form
. These choices do not apply to mandatory service communications that are part of certain Microsoft products, programs, activities, or to surveys or other informational communications that have their own unsubscribe method.
Your advertising choices
To opt out of receiving personalized advertising from Microsoft, including Xandr, visit our
opt-out page
. When you opt out, your preference is stored in a cookie that is specific to the web browser you are using. The opt-out cookie has an expiration date of five years. If you delete the cookies on your device, you need to opt out again.
You can also link your opt-out choice with your personal Microsoft account. It will then apply on any device where you use that account and will continue to apply until someone signs in with a different personal Microsoft account on that device. If you delete the cookies on your device, you will need to sign in again for the settings to apply. You can view
our third party ad partners
on the
U.S. State Data Privacy Laws Notice
, and opt-out of data sharing with third parties at our opt-out
page
.
For Microsoft-controlled advertising that appears in apps on Windows, you may use the opt-out linked to your personal Microsoft account, or opt out of interest-based advertising by turning off the advertising ID in Windows settings.
Because the data used for interest-based advertising is also used for other required purposes (including providing our products, analytics, and fraud detection), opting out of interest-based advertising does not stop that data collection. You will continue to get ads, although they may be less relevant to you.
You can opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from third parties we partner with by visiting their sites (see above).
Browser-based controls
When you use a browser, you can control your personal data using certain features. For example:
Cookie controls
. You can control the data stored by cookies and withdraw consent to cookies by using the browser-based cookie controls described in the
Cookies
section of this privacy statement.
Tracking protections
. You can control the data third-party sites can collect about you using Tracking Protection in Internet Explorer (versions 9 and up) and Microsoft Edge. This feature will block third-party content, including cookies, from any site that is listed in a Tracking Protection List you add.
Browser controls for "Do Not Track."
Some browsers have incorporated "Do Not Track" (DNT) features that can send a signal to the websites you visit indicating you do not wish to be tracked. Because there is not yet a common understanding of how to interpret the DNT signal, Microsoft services do not currently respond to browser DNT signals. We continue to work with the online industry to define a common understanding of how to treat DNT signals. In the meantime, you can use the range of other tools we provide to control data collection and use, including the ability to opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from Microsoft as described above.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Cookies and similar technologies
Cookies are small text files placed on your device to store data that can be recalled by a web server in the domain that placed the cookie. We use cookies and similar technologies for storing and honoring your preferences and settings, enabling you to sign in, providing interest-based advertising, combating fraud, analyzing how our products perform, and fulfilling other legitimate purposes. Microsoft apps use additional identifiers, such as the advertising ID in Windows described in the
Advertising ID
section of this privacy statement, for similar purposes.
We also use “web beacons” to help deliver cookies and gather usage and performance data. Our websites may include web beacons, cookies, or similar technologies from Microsoft affiliates and partners as well as third parties, such as service providers acting on our behalf.
Third party cookies may include: Social Media cookies designed to show you ads and content based on your social media profiles and activities on our websites; Analytics cookies to better understand how you and others use our websites so that we can make them better, and so the third parties can improve their own products and services; Advertising cookies to show you ads that are relevant to you; and Required cookies used to perform essential website functions. Where required, we obtain your consent prior to placing or using optional cookies that are not (i) strictly necessary to provide the website; or (ii) for the purpose of facilitating a communication.
Please see the Learn more section below for information about our use of third party cookies, web beacons and analytics services, and other similar technologies on our websites and services. For a list of the third parties that set cookies on our websites, including service providers acting on our behalf, please visit our
third party cookie
inventory. On some of our websites, a list of third parties is available directly on the site. The third parties on these sites may not be included in the list on our
third party cookie inventory
.
You have a variety of tools to control the data collected by cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies. For example, you can use controls in your internet browser to limit how the websites you visit are able to use cookies and to withdraw your consent by clearing or blocking cookies.
Cookies are small text files placed on your device to store data that can be recalled by a web server in the domain that placed the cookie. This data often consists of a string of numbers and letters that uniquely identifies your computer, but it can contain other information as well. Some cookies are placed by third parties acting on our behalf. We use cookies and similar technologies to store and honor your preferences and settings, enable you to sign-in, provide interest-based advertising, combat fraud, analyze how our products perform, and fulfill other legitimate purposes described below. Microsoft apps use additional identifiers, such as the advertising ID in Windows, for similar purposes, and many of our websites and applications also contain web beacons or other similar technologies, as described below.
Our use of cookies and similar technologies
Microsoft uses cookies and similar technologies for several purposes, depending on the context or product, including:
Storing your preferences and settings
. We use cookies to store your preferences and settings on your device, and to enhance your experiences. For example, depending on your settings, if you enter your city or postal code to get local news or weather information on a Microsoft website, we store that data in a cookie so that you will see the relevant local information when you return to the site. Saving your preferences with cookies, such as your preferred language, prevents you from having to set your preferences repeatedly. If you opt out of interest-based advertising, we store your opt-out preference in a cookie on your device. Similarly, in scenarios where we obtain your consent to place cookies on your device, we store your choice in a cookie.
Sign-in and authentication
. We use cookies to authenticate you. When you sign in to a website using your personal Microsoft account, we store a unique ID number, and the time you signed in, in an encrypted cookie on your device. This cookie allows you to move from page to page within the site without having to sign in again on each page. You can also save your sign-in information so you do not have to sign in each time you return to the site.
Security
. We use cookies to process information that helps us secure our products, as well as detect fraud and abuse.
Storing information you provide to a website
. We use cookies to remember information you shared. When you provide information to Microsoft, such as when you add products to a shopping cart on Microsoft websites, we store the data in a cookie for the purpose of remembering the information.
Social media
. Some of our websites include social media cookies, including those that enable users who are signed in to the social media service to share content via that service.
Feedback
. Microsoft uses cookies to enable you to provide feedback on a website.
Interest-based advertising
. Microsoft uses cookies to collect data about your online activity and identify your interests so that we can provide advertising that is most relevant to you. You can opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from Microsoft as described in the
How to access and control your personal data
section of this privacy statement.
Showing advertising
. Microsoft uses cookies to record how many visitors have clicked on an advertisement and to record which advertisements you have seen, for example, so you do not see the same one repeatedly.
Analytics
. We use first- and third-party cookies and other identifiers to gather usage and performance data. For example, we use cookies to count the number of unique visitors to a web page or service and to develop other statistics about the operations of our products.
Performance
. Microsoft uses cookies to understand and improve how our products perform. For example, we use cookies to gather data that helps with load balancing; this helps us keep our websites remain up and running.
Where required, we obtain your consent prior to placing or using optional cookies that are not (i) strictly necessary to provide the website; or (ii) for the purpose of facilitating a communication. Please see the “How to Control Cookies” section below for more information.
Some of the cookies we commonly use are listed below. This list is not exhaustive, but it is intended to illustrate the primary purposes for which we typically set cookies. If you visit one of our websites, the site will set some or all of the following cookies:
MSCC
. Contains user choices for most Microsoft properties.
MUID, MC1, MSFPC, and MSPTC
. Identifies unique web browsers visiting Microsoft sites. These cookies are used for advertising, site analytics, and other operational purposes.
ANON
. Contains the ANID, a unique identifier derived from your Microsoft account, which is used for advertising, personalization, and operational purposes. It is also used to preserve your choice to opt out of interest-based advertising from Microsoft if you have chosen to associate the opt-out with your Microsoft account.
CC
. Contains a country code as determined from your IP address.
PPAuth, MSPAuth, MSNRPSAuth, KievRPSAuth, WLSSC, MSPProf
. Helps to authenticate you when you sign in with your Microsoft account.
MC0
. Detects whether cookies are enabled in the browser.
MS0
. Identifies a specific session.
NAP
. Contains an encrypted version of your country, postal code, age, gender, language and occupation, if known, based on your Microsoft account profile.
MH
. Appears on co-branded sites where Microsoft is partnering with an advertiser. This cookie identifies the advertiser, so the right ad is selected.
childinfo, kcdob, kcrelid, kcru, pcfm
. Contains information that Microsoft account uses within its pages in relation to child accounts.
MR
. This cookie is used by Microsoft to reset or refresh the MUID cookie.
x-ms-gateway-slice
. Identifies a gateway for load balancing.
TOptOut
. Records your decision not to receive interest-based advertising delivered by Microsoft. Where required, we place this cookie by default and remove it when you consent to interest-based advertising.
ApplicationGatewayAffinity
and
ApplicationGatewayAffinityCORS
.  These session cookies are used for load balancing purposes and to ensure requests for a user session are handled by the same server.
We may also use the cookies of other Microsoft affiliates, companies, and partners, such as LinkedIn and Xandr.
Third Party Cookies
In addition to the cookies Microsoft sets when you visit our websites, we also use cookies from third parties to enhance the services on our sites. Some third parties can also set cookies when you visit Microsoft sites. For example:
Companies we hire to provide services on our behalf, such as site analytics, place cookies when you visit our sites.
Companies that deliver content on Microsoft sites, such as videos or news, or ads, place cookies on their own.
These companies use the data they process in accordance with their privacy policies, which may enable these companies to collect and combine information about your activities across websites, apps, or online services.
The following types of third-party cookies may be used, depending on the context, service or product, as well as your settings and permissions:
Social Media cookies.
We and third parties use social media cookies to show you ads and content based on your social media profiles and activity on our websites. They’re used to connect your activity on our websites to your social media profiles so the ads and content you see on our websites and on social media will better reflect your interests.
Analytics cookies.
We allow third parties to use analytics cookies to understand how you use our websites so we can make them better and the third parties can develop and improve their products, which they may use on websites that are not owned or operated by Microsoft. For example, analytics cookies are used to gather information about the pages you visit and how many clicks you need to accomplish a task. These cookies may also be used for advertising purposes.
Advertising cookies.
We and third parties use advertising cookies to show you new ads by recording which ads you've already seen. They're also used to track which ads you click on or purchases you make after clicking on an ad for payment purposes, and to show you ads that are more relevant to you. For example, they're used to detect when you click on an ad and show you ads based on your social media interests and website browsing history.
Required cookies.
We use required cookies to perform essential website functions. For example, to log you in, save your language preferences, provide a shopping cart experience, improve performance, route traffic between web servers, detect the size of your screen, determine page load times, and measure audiences. These cookies are necessary for our websites to work.
Where required, we obtain your consent prior to placing or using optional cookies that are not (i) strictly necessary to provide the website; or (ii) for the purpose of facilitating a communication.
For a list of the third parties that set cookies on our websites, including service providers acting on our behalf, please visit our
third party cookie inventory
. The third party cookie inventory also includes links to those third parties’ websites or privacy notices. Please consult the third party websites or privacy notices for more information on their privacy practices with respect to their cookies that may be set on our websites. On some of our websites, a list of third parties is available directly on the site. The third parties on these sites may not be included in the list on our
third party cookie inventory
.
How to control cookies
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies but provide controls that allow you to block or delete them. For example, in Microsoft Edge, you can block or delete cookies by selecting
Settings
>
Privacy and services
>
Clear Browsing data
>
Cookies and other site data
. For more information about how to delete your cookies in Microsoft browsers, see
Microsoft Edge
,
Microsoft Edge Legacy
, or
Internet Explorer
. If you use a different browser, refer to that browser’s instructions.
As mentioned above, where required, we obtain your consent before placing or using optional cookies that are not (i) strictly necessary to provide the website; or (ii) for the purpose of facilitating a communication. We separate these optional cookies by purpose, such as for advertising and social media purposes. You may consent to certain categories of optional cookies and not others. You also may adjust your choices by clicking “Manage cookies” in the footer of the website or through the settings made available on the website. Certain features of Microsoft products depend on cookies. If you choose to block cookies, you cannot sign in or use some of those features, and preferences that are dependent on cookies will be lost. If you choose to delete cookies, any settings and preferences controlled by those cookies, including advertising preferences, are deleted and will need to be recreated.
Additional privacy controls that can impact cookies, including the tracking protections feature of Microsoft browsers, are described in the
How to access and control your personal data
section of this privacy statement.
Our use of web beacons and analytics services
Some Microsoft webpages contain electronic tags known as web beacons that we use to help deliver cookies on our websites, count users who have visited those websites, and deliver co-branded products. We also include web beacons or similar technologies in our electronic communications to determine whether you open and act on them.
In addition to placing web beacons on our own websites, we sometimes work with other companies to place our web beacons on their websites or in their advertisements. This helps us to, for example, develop statistics on how often clicking on an advertisement on a Microsoft website results in a purchase or other action on the advertiser's website. It also allows us to understand your activity on the website of a Microsoft partner in connection with your use of a Microsoft product or service.
Finally, Microsoft products often contain web beacons or similar technologies from third-party analytics providers, which help us compile aggregated statistics about the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns or other operations. These technologies enable the analytics providers to set or read their own cookies or other identifiers on your device, through which they can collect information about your online activities across applications, websites, or other products. However, we prohibit these analytics providers from using web beacons on our sites to collect or access information that directly identifies you (such as your name or email address). You can opt out of data collection or use by some of these analytics providers by visiting any of the following sites:
Adjust
,
AppsFlyer
,
Clicktale
,
Flurry Analytics
,
Google Analytics
(requires you to install a browser add-on),
Kissmetrics
,
Mixpanel
,
Nielsen
,
Acuity Ads
,
WebTrends
, or
Optimizely
.
Other similar technologies
In addition to standard cookies and web beacons, our products can also use other similar technologies to store and read data files on your computer. This is typically done to maintain your preferences or to improve speed and performance by storing certain files locally. But, like standard cookies, these technologies can also store a unique identifier for your computer, which can then track behavior. These technologies include Local Shared Objects (or "Flash cookies") and Silverlight Application Storage.
Local Shared Objects or "Flash cookies."
Websites that use Adobe Flash technologies can use Local Shared Objects or "Flash cookies" to store data on your computer. To learn how to manage or block Flash cookies, go to the
Flash Player help page
.
Silverlight Application Storage
. Websites or applications that use Microsoft Silverlight technology also have the ability to store data by using Silverlight Application Storage. To learn how to manage or block such storage, see the
Silverlight
section of this privacy statement.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Products provided by your organization—notice to end users
If you use a Microsoft product with an account provided by an organization you are affiliated with, such as your work or school account, that organization can:
Control and administer your Microsoft product and product account, including controlling privacy-related settings of the product or product account.
Access and process your data, including the interaction data, diagnostic data, and the contents of your communications and files associated with your Microsoft product and product accounts.
If you lose access to your work or school account (in event of change of employment, for example), you may lose access to products and the content associated with those products, including those you acquired on your own behalf, if you used your work or school account to sign in to such products.
Many Microsoft products are intended for use by organizations, such as schools and businesses. Please see the
Enterprise and developer products
section of this privacy statement. If your organization provides you with access to Microsoft products, your use of the Microsoft products is subject to your organization's policies, if any. You should direct your privacy inquiries, including any requests to exercise your data protection rights, to your organization’s administrator. When you use social features in Microsoft products, other users in your network may see some of your activity. To learn more about the social features and other functionality, please review documentation or help content specific to the Microsoft product. Microsoft is not responsible for the privacy or security practices of our customers, which may differ from those set forth in this privacy statement.
When you use a Microsoft product provided by your organization, Microsoft’s processing of your personal data in connection with that product is governed by a contract between Microsoft and your organization. Microsoft processes your personal data to provide the product to your organization and you, and in some cases for Microsoft’s business operations related to providing the product as described in the
Enterprise and developer products
section. As mentioned above, if you have questions about Microsoft’s processing of your personal data in connection with providing products to your organization, please contact your organization. If you have questions about Microsoft’s business operations in connection with providing products to your organization as provided in the Product Terms, please contact Microsoft as described in the
How to contact us
section. For more information on our business operations, please see the
Enterprise and developer products
section.
For Microsoft products provided by your K-12 school, including Microsoft 365 Education, Microsoft will:
not collect or use student personal data beyond that needed for authorized educational or school purposes;
not sell or rent student personal data;
not use or share student personal data for advertising or similar commercial purposes, such as behavioral targeting of advertisements to students;
not build a personal profile of a student, other than for supporting authorized educational or school purposes or as authorized by the parent, guardian, or student of appropriate age; and
require that our vendors with whom student personal data is shared to deliver the educational service, if any, are obligated to implement these same commitments for student personal data.
Back to top
Microsoft account
With a Microsoft account, you can sign in to Microsoft products, as well as those of select Microsoft partners. Personal data associated with your Microsoft account includes credentials, name and contact data, payment data, device and usage data, your contacts, information about your activities, and your interests and favorites. Signing in to your Microsoft account enables personalization and consistent experiences across products and devices, permits you to use cloud data storage, allows you to make payments using payment instruments stored in your Microsoft account, and enables other features.
There are three types of Microsoft account:
When you create your own Microsoft account tied to your personal email address, we refer to that account as a
personal Microsoft account
.
When you or your organization (such as an employer or your school) create your Microsoft account tied to your email address provided by that organization, we refer to that account as a
work or school account
.
When you or your service provider (such as a cable or internet service provider) create your Microsoft account tied to your email address with your service provider’s domain, we refer to that account as a
third-party account
.
If you sign into a service offered by a third party with your Microsoft account, you will share with that third party the account data required by that service.
With a Microsoft account, you can sign into Microsoft products, as well as those of select Microsoft partners. Personal data associated with your Microsoft account includes credentials, name and contact data, payment data, device and usage data, your contacts, information about your activities, and your interests and favorites. Signing into your Microsoft account enables personalization, consistent experiences across products and devices, permits you to use cloud data storage, allows you to make payments using payment instruments stored in your Microsoft account, and enables other features. There are three types of Microsoft account:
When you create your own Microsoft account tied to your personal email address, we refer to that account as a
personal Microsoft account
.
When you or your organization (such as an employer or your school) create your Microsoft account tied to your email address provided by that organization, we refer to that account as a
work or school account
.
When you or your service provider (such as a cable or internet service provider) create your Microsoft account tied to your email address with your service provider’s domain, we refer to that account as a
third-party account
.
Personal Microsoft accounts
. The data associated with your personal Microsoft account, and how that data is used, depends on how you use the account.
Creating your Microsoft account
. When you create a personal Microsoft account, you will be asked to provide certain personal data and we will assign a unique ID number to identify your account and associated information. While some products, such as those involving payment, require a real name, you can sign in to and use other Microsoft products without providing your real name. Some data you provide, such as your display name, email address, and phone number, can be used to help others find and connect with you within Microsoft products. For example, people who know your display name, email address, or phone number can use it to search for you on Skype or Microsoft Teams for personal use and send you an invite to connect with them. Note that if you use a work or school email address to create a personal Microsoft account, your employer or school may gain access to your data. In some cases, you will need to change the email address to a personal email address in order to continue accessing consumer-oriented products (such as the Xbox network).
Signing in to Microsoft account
. When you sign in to your Microsoft account, we create a record of your sign-in, which includes the date and time, information about the product you signed in to, your sign-in name, the unique number assigned to your account, a unique identifier assigned to your device, your IP address, and your operating system and browser version.
Signing in to Microsoft products
. Signing in to your account enables improved personalization, provides seamless and consistent experiences across products and devices, permits you to access and use cloud data storage, allows you to make payments using payment instruments stored in your Microsoft account, and enables other enhanced features and settings. For example, when you sign in, Microsoft makes information saved to your account available across Microsoft products so important things are right where you need them. When you sign in to your account, you will stay signed in until you sign out. If you add your Microsoft account to a Windows device (version 8 or higher), Windows will automatically sign you in to products that use Microsoft account when you access those products on that device. When you are signed in, some products will display your name or username and your profile photo (if you have added one to your profile) as part of your use of Microsoft products, including in your communications, social interactions, and public posts.
Learn more about your Microsoft account, your data, and your choices
.
Signing in to third-party products
. If you sign in to a third-party product with your Microsoft account, you will share data with the third party in accordance with the third party’s privacy policy. The third party will also receive the version number assigned to your account (a new version number is assigned each time you change your sign-in data); and information that describes whether your account has been deactivated. If you share your profile data, the third party can display your name or user name and your profile photo (if you have added one to your profile) when you are signed in to that third-party product. If you chose to make payments to third-party merchants using your Microsoft account, Microsoft will pass information stored in your Microsoft account to the third party or its vendors (e.g., payment processors) as necessary to process your payment and fulfill your order (such as name, credit card number, billing and shipping addresses, and relevant contact information). The third party can use or share the data it receives when you sign in or make a purchase according to its own practices and policies.
You should carefully review the privacy statement for each product you sign in to and each merchant you purchase from to determine how it will use the data it collects
.
Work or school accounts
. The data associated with a work or school account, and how it will be used, is generally similar to the use and collection of data associated with a personal Microsoft account.
If your employer or school uses Microsoft Entra ID to manage the account it provides you, you can use your work or school account to sign in to Microsoft products, such as Microsoft 365 and Office 365, and third-party products provided to you by your organization. If required by your organization, you will also be asked to provide a phone number or an alternative email address for additional security verification. And, if allowed by your organization, you may also use your work or school account to sign in to Microsoft or third-party products that you acquire for yourself.
If you sign in to Microsoft products with a work or school account, note:
The owner of the domain associated with your email address may control and administer your account, and access and process your data, including the contents of your communications and files, including data stored in products provided to you by your organization, and products you acquire by yourself.
Your use of the products is subject to your organization’s policies, if any. You should consider both your organization’s policies and whether you are comfortable enabling your organization to access your data before you choose to use your work or school account to sign in to products you acquire for yourself.
If you lose access to your work or school account (if you change employers, for example), you may lose access to products, including content associated with those products, you acquired on your own behalf if you used your work or school account to sign in to such products.
Microsoft is not responsible for the privacy or security practices of your organization, which may differ from those of Microsoft.
If your organization is administering your use of Microsoft products, please direct your privacy inquiries, including any requests to exercise your data subject rights, to your administrator. See also the
Notice to end users
section of this privacy statement.
If you are uncertain whether your account is a work or school account, please contact your organization.
Third-party accounts
. The data associated with a third-party Microsoft account, and how it will be used, is generally similar to the use and collection of data associated with a personal Microsoft account. Your service provider has control over your account, including the ability to access or delete your account.
You should carefully review the terms the third party provided you to understand what it can do with your account
.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Collection of data from children
For users under the age of 13 or as specified by law in their jurisdiction, certain Microsoft products and services will either block users under that age or will ask them to obtain consent or authorization from a parent or guardian before they can use it, including when creating an account to access Microsoft services. We will not knowingly ask children under that age to provide more data than is required to provide for the product.
Once parental consent or authorization is granted, the child's account is treated much like any other account. Learn more about personal and school accounts in the
Microsoft account section
of the Privacy Statement and
Microsoft Family Safety
in the product-specific section. The child can access communication services, like Outlook and Skype, and can freely communicate and share data with other users of all ages. Parents or guardians can change or revoke the consent choices previously made.
Learn more about parental consent and Microsoft child accounts
. As the organizer of a Microsoft family group, the parent or guardian can manage their child’s information and settings on their
Family Safety
page and view and delete a child’s data on their
privacy dashboard
. Accounts that require parental consent to be created are automatically included as part of the family group of the individual who provided the consent for account creation. For child accounts that do not require parental consent to be created, (e.g., for children who are over the age at which parental consent is legally required), the parent or guardian may still use a family group, but must add the child account to their family group after the account is created. Select Learn more below for more information about how to access and delete child data and information about children and Xbox profiles.
For users under the age of 13 or as specified by law in their jurisdiction, certain Microsoft products and services will either block users under that age or will ask them to obtain consent or authorization from a parent or guardian before they can use it, including when creating an account to access Microsoft services. We will not knowingly ask children under that age to provide more data than is required to provide for the product.
Once parental consent or authorization is granted, the child's account is treated much like any other account. The child can access communication services, like Outlook and Skype, and can freely communicate and share data with other users of all ages.
Learn more about parental consent and Microsoft child accounts
.
Parents or guardians can change or revoke the consent choices previously made. As the organizer of a Microsoft family group, the parent or guardian can manage their child’s information and settings on their
Family Safety
page and view and delete a child’s data on their
privacy dashboard
. Accounts that require parental consent to be created are automatically included as part of the family group of the individual who provided the consent for account creation. For child accounts that do not require parental consent to be created (e.g., for children who are over the age at which parental consent is legally required), the parent or guardian may still use a family group, but must add the child account to their family group after the account is created. See below for more information about how to access and delete child data.
Below is additional information about the collection of data from children, including more details as related to Xbox.
Accessing and deleting child data.
For Microsoft products and services that require parental consent, a parent can view and delete certain data belonging to their child from the parent’s
privacy dashboard
: browsing history, search history, location activity, media activity, apps and service activity, and product and service performance data. To delete this data, a parent can sign in to their
privacy dashboard
and manage their child’s activities. Please note that a parent’s ability to access and/or delete a child’s personal information on their privacy dashboard will vary depending on the laws where you are located.
Additionally, a parent can contact our
privacy support team
through the
privacy support form
and, following authentication, request that the data types on the privacy dashboard together with the following data be deleted: software, setup, and inventory; device connectivity and configuration; feedback and ratings; fitness and activity; support content; support interactions; and environmental sensor. We process authenticated deletion requests within 30 days of receipt.
Please note that content like emails, contacts, and chats are accessible through in-product experiences. You can find more information about data you are able to control within Microsoft products by visiting our
Privacy Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)
.
If your child’s account is not a part of your Microsoft family group and you do not have access to your child’s activity on your privacy dashboard, then you need to submit a request related to your child’s data through the
privacy support form
. The privacy team will ask for account verification before fulfilling the request.
To delete all of your child’s personal information, you must request deletion of the child’s account through the
close your account form
. This link will prompt you to sign in with your child’s account credentials. Check that the page shows the correct Microsoft account, and then follow the instructions to request that your child’s account be deleted.
Learn more about how to close a Microsoft account
.
After you submit the request to close your child’s account, we will wait 60 days before permanently deleting the account in case you change your mind or need to access something on the account before it is permanently closed and deleted. During the waiting period, the account is marked for closure and permanent deletion, but it still exists. If you want to reopen your child’s Microsoft account, just sign in again within that 60-day period. We will cancel the account closure, and the account will be reinstated.
What is Xbox?
Xbox is the gaming and entertainment division of Microsoft. Xbox hosts an online network that consists of software and enables online experiences crossing multiple platforms. This network lets your child find and play games, view content, and connect with friends on Xbox and other gaming and social networks.
When users sign in to Xbox, in apps, games or on an Xbox console, we assign a unique identifier to their device. For instance, when their Xbox console is connected to the internet and they sign in to the console, we identify which console and which version of the console’s operating system they are using.
Xbox continues to provide new experiences in client apps that are connected to and backed by services such as Xbox network and cloud gaming. When signed in to an Xbox experience, we collect required data to help keep these experiences safe, secure, up to date, and performing as expected.
Data we collect when you create an Xbox profile
. You as the parent or guardian are required to consent to the collection of personal data from a child under 13 years old or as otherwise specified by your jurisdiction. With your permission, your child can have an Xbox profile and use the online Xbox network. During the child Xbox profile creation, you will sign in with your own Microsoft account to verify that you are an adult organizer in your Microsoft family group. We collect an alternate email address or phone number to boost account security. If your child needs help accessing their account, they will be able to use one of these alternates to validate they own the Microsoft account.
We collect limited information about children, including name, birthdate, email address, and region. When you sign your child up for an Xbox profile, they get a gamertag (a public nickname) and a unique identifier. When you create your child’s Xbox profile you consent to Microsoft collecting, using, and sharing information based on their privacy and communication settings on the Xbox online network. Your child’s privacy and communication settings are defaulted to the most restrictive.
Data we collect
. We collect information about your child’s use of Xbox services, games, apps, and devices including:
When they sign in and sign out of Xbox, purchase history, and content they obtain.
Which games they play and apps they use, their game progress, achievements, play time per game, and other play statistics.
Performance data about Xbox consoles, Xbox Game Pass and other Xbox apps, the Xbox network, connected accessories, and network connection, including any software or hardware errors.
Content they add, upload, or share through the Xbox network, including text, pictures, and video they capture in games and apps.
Social activity, including chat data and interactions with other gamers, and connections they make (friends they add and people who follow them) on the Xbox network.
If your child uses an Xbox console or Xbox app on another device capable of accessing the Xbox network, and that device includes a storage device (hard drive or memory unit), usage data will be stored on the storage device and sent to Microsoft the next time they sign in to Xbox, even if they have been playing offline.
Xbox diagnostic data
. If your child uses Xbox console, Xbox will send required data to Microsoft. Required data is the minimum data necessary to help keep Xbox safe, secure, up to date, and performing as expected.
Game captures
. Any player in a multiplayer game session can record video (game clips) and capture screenshots of their view of the game play. Other players’ game clips and screenshots can capture your child’s in-game character and gamertag during that session. If a player captures game clips and screenshots on a PC, the resulting game clips might also capture audio chat if your child’s privacy and communication settings on the Xbox online network allow it.
Captioning
. During Xbox real-time (“party”) chat, players may activate a voice-to-text feature that lets them view that chat as text. If a player activates this feature, Microsoft uses the resulting text data to provide captioning of chat for players who need it. This data may also be used to provide a safe gaming environment and enforce the
Community Standards for Xbox
.
Data use
. Microsoft uses the data we collect when your child uses Xbox to improve gaming products and experiences— making it safer and more fun over time. Data we collect also enables us to provide your child with curated experiences. This includes connecting them to games, content, services, and recommendations.
Xbox data viewable by others
. When your child is using the Xbox network, their online presence (which can be set to “appear offline” or “blocked”), gamertag, game play statistics, and achievements are visible to other players on the network. Depending on how you set your child’s Xbox safety settings, they might share information when playing or communicating with others on the Xbox network.
Safety
. In order to help make the Xbox network a safe gaming environment and enforce the Community Standards for Xbox, we may collect and review voice, text, images, videos and in-game content (such as game clips your child uploads, conversations they have, and things they post in clubs and games).
Anti-cheat and fraud prevention
. Providing a fair gameplay environment is important to us. We prohibit cheating, hacking, account stealing, and any other unauthorized or fraudulent activity when your child uses an Xbox online game or any network-connected app on their Xbox console, PC, or mobile device. In order to detect and prevent fraud and cheating, we may use anti-cheat and fraud prevention tools, applications, and other technologies. Such technologies may create digital signatures (known as “hashes”) using certain information collected from their Xbox console, PC, or mobile device, and how they use that device. This can include information about the browser, device, activities, game identifiers, and operating system.
Xbox data shared with game and apps publishers
. When your child uses an Xbox online game or any network-connected app on their Xbox console, PC, or mobile device, the publisher of that game or app has access to data about their usage to help the publisher deliver, support, and improve its product. This data may include: your child’s Xbox user identifier, gamertag, limited account info such as country and age range, data about your child’s in-game communications, any Xbox enforcement activity, game-play sessions (for example, moves made in-game or types of vehicles used in-game), your child’s presence on the Xbox network, the time they spend playing the game or app, rankings, statistics, gamer profiles, avatars, or gamerpics, friends lists, activity feeds for official clubs they belong to, official club memberships, and any content they create or submit in the game or app.
Third-party publishers and developers of games and apps have their own distinct and independent relationship with users and their collection and usage of personal data is subject to their specific privacy policies. You should carefully review their policies to determine how they use your child’s data. For example, publishers may choose to disclose or display game data (such as on leaderboards) through their own services. You may find their policies linked from the game or app detail pages in our stores.
Learn more at
Data Sharing with Games and Apps
.
To stop sharing game or app data with a publisher, remove its games or app from all devices where they have been installed. Some publisher access to your child’s data may be revoked at
microsoft.com/consent
.
Managing child settings
. As the organizer of a Microsoft family group, you can manage a child’s information and settings on their
Family Safety
page, as well as their Xbox profile privacy settings from their
Xbox Privacy & online safety page
.
You can also use the
Xbox Family Settings
app to manage your child’s experience on the Xbox Network including: spending for Microsoft and Xbox stores, viewing your child’s Xbox activity, and setting age ratings and the amount of screen time. Xbox-specific Family Safety settings will apply on Xbox console or via Xbox on PC or mobile device but may not be applied on other platforms.
Learn more about managing Xbox profiles at
Xbox online safety and privacy settings
.
Learn more about Microsoft family groups at
Simplify your family’s life
.
Legacy
.
Xbox 360
. This Xbox console collects limited required diagnostic data. This data helps keep your child’s console functioning as expected.
Kinect
. The Kinect sensor is a combination of camera, microphone, and infrared sensor that can enable motions and voice to be used to control game play. For example:
If you choose, the camera can be used to sign in to the Xbox network automatically using facial recognition. This data stays on the console, is not shared with anyone, and can be deleted at any time.
For game play, Kinect will map distances between the joints on your child’s body to create a stick figure representation to enable play.
The Kinect microphone can enable voice chat between players during play. The microphone also enables voice commands for control of the console, game, or app, or to enter search terms.
The Kinect sensor can also be used for audio and video communications through services such as Skype.
Learn more about Kinect at
Xbox Kinect and Privacy
.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Other important privacy information
Below you will find additional privacy information, such as how we secure your data, where we process your data, and how long we retain your data. You can find more information on Microsoft and our commitment to protecting your privacy at
Microsoft Privacy
.
Below you will find additional privacy information, such as how we secure your data, where we process your data, and how long we retain your data. You can find more information on Microsoft and our commitment to protecting your privacy at
Microsoft Privacy
.
Security of personal data
Microsoft is committed to protecting the security of your personal data. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal data from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. For example, we store the personal data you provide on computer systems that have limited access and are in controlled facilities. When we transmit highly confidential data (such as a credit card number or password) over the internet, we protect it through the use of encryption. Microsoft complies with applicable data protection laws, including applicable security breach notification laws.
Back to top
Where we store and process personal data
Personal data collected by Microsoft may be stored and processed in your region, in the United States, and in any other jurisdiction where Microsoft or its affiliates, subsidiaries, or service providers operate facilities. Microsoft maintains major data centers in Australia, Austria, Brazil, Canada, Finland, France, Germany, Hong Kong, India, Ireland, Japan, Korea, Luxembourg, Malaysia, the Netherlands, Singapore, South Africa, the United Kingdom, and the United States. Typically, the primary storage location is in the customer’s region or in the United States, often with a backup to a data center in another region. The storage location(s) are chosen in order to operate and provide our services efficiently, improve performance, and create redundancies in order to protect the data in the event of an outage or other problem. We take steps to process the data that we collect under this privacy statement according to this statement’s provisions and the requirements of applicable law.
We transfer personal data from the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland to other countries, some of which have not yet been determined by the European Commission to have an adequate level of data protection. For example, their laws may not guarantee you the same rights, or there may not be a privacy supervisory authority there that is capable of addressing your complaints. When we engage in such transfers, we use a variety of legal mechanisms, including contracts such as the standard contractual clauses published by the European Commission under Commission Implementing Decision 2021/914, to help protect your rights and enable these protections to travel with your data. To learn more about the European Commission’s decisions on the adequacy of the protection of personal data in the countries where Microsoft processes personal data, see this article on
the European Commission website
.
Microsoft Corporation complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Microsoft Corporation has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Microsoft Corporation has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. In the context of an onward transfer, Microsoft Corporation has responsibility for the processing of personal data it receives under the DPF and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on our behalf. Microsoft Corporation remains liable under the DPF if our agent processes such personal information in a manner inconsistent with the DPF, unless Microsoft Corporation can prove that we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy statement and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please
visit the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Data Privacy Framework website
. The controlled U.S. subsidiaries of Microsoft Corporation, as identified in our self-certification submission, also adhere to the DPF Principles—for more info, see the list of
Microsoft U.S. Entities Covered by Data Privacy Framework Certification
.
If you have a question or complaint related to participation by Microsoft in the DPF Frameworks, we encourage you to contact us via our
web form
. For any complaints related to the DPF Frameworks that Microsoft cannot resolve directly, we have chosen to cooperate with the relevant EU Data Protection Authority, or a panel established by the European data protection authorities, for resolving disputes with EU individuals, the UK Information Commissioner (for UK individuals), and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) for resolving disputes with Swiss individuals. Please contact us if you’d like us to direct you to your data protection authority contacts. As further explained in the DPF Principles, binding arbitration is available to address residual complaints not resolved by other means. Microsoft is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC).
Individuals whose personal data is protected by Japan's Act on the Protection of Personal Information should refer to the article on the
Japanese Personal Information Protection Commission’s website
(only published in Japanese) for more information on the commission’s review of certain countries’ personal data protection systems. For individuals in Japan, please click
here
for additional information on the processing of information under the Telecommunications Business Act (in Japanese only).
Back to top
Our retention of personal data
Microsoft retains personal data for as long as necessary to provide the products and fulfill the transactions you have requested, or for other legitimate purposes such as complying with our legal obligations, resolving disputes, and enforcing our agreements. Because these needs can vary for different data types, the context of our interactions with you or your use of products, actual retention periods can vary significantly.
Other criteria used to determine the retention periods include:
Do customers provide, create, or maintain the data with the expectation we will retain it until they affirmatively remove it?
Examples include a document you store in OneDrive, or an email message you keep in your Outlook.com inbox. In such cases, we would aim to maintain the data until you actively delete it, such as by moving an email from your Outlook.com inbox to the Deleted Items folder, and then emptying that folder (when your Deleted Items folder is emptied, those emptied items remain in our system for up to 30 days before final deletion). (Note that there may be other reasons why the data has to be deleted sooner, for example if you exceed limits on how much data can be stored in your account.)
Is there an automated control, such as in the Microsoft privacy dashboard, that enables the customer to access and delete the personal data at any time?
If there is not, a shortened data retention time will generally be adopted.
Is the personal data of a sensitive type?
If so, a shortened retention time would generally be adopted.
Has Microsoft adopted and announced a specific retention period for a certain data type?
For example, for Bing search queries, we de-identify stored queries by removing the entirety of the IP address after 6 months, and cookie IDs and other cross-session identifiers that are used to identify a particular account or device after 18 months.
Has the user provided consent for a longer retention period?
If so, we will retain data in accordance with your consent.
Is Microsoft subject to a legal, contractual, or similar obligation to retain or delete the data?
Examples can include mandatory data retention laws in the applicable jurisdiction, government orders to preserve data relevant to an investigation, or data retained for the purposes of litigation. Conversely, if we are required by law to remove unlawful content, we will do so.
Back to top
U.S. State Data Privacy
If you are a U.S. resident, we process your personal data in accordance with applicable U.S. state data privacy laws, including the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). This section of our privacy statement contains information required by the CCPA and other U.S. state data privacy laws and supplements our privacy statement.
Please note that rules implementing some of these laws have not yet been finalized. We will update our processes, disclosures, and this notice as these implementing rules are finalized, and as otherwise necessary.
Please also see our
U.S. State Data Privacy Laws Notice
and our
Consumer Health Data Privacy Policy
for additional information about the data we collect, process, share and disclose, and your rights under applicable U.S. state data privacy laws.
Sale
. We do not sell your personal data. So, we do not offer an opt-out to the sale of personal data.
Profiling
.  We do not engage in “profiling” that utilizes your personal data for automated decision-making that produces legal or similarly significant effects.  So, we do not offer an opt-out for this type of profiling.
Share
. We may “share” your personal data, as defined under California and other applicable U.S. state laws, for personalized advertising purposes. As noted in our
Advertising
section, we do not deliver personalized advertising to children whose birthdate in their Microsoft account identifies them as under 18 years of age.
In the bulleted list below, we outline the categories of data we share for personalized advertising purposes, the recipients of the personal data, and our purposes of processing. For a description of the data included in each category, please see the
Personal data we collect
section.
Categories of Personal Data
Name and contact data
Recipients: Third parties that perform online advertising services for Microsoft or that use Microsoft’s advertising technologies
Purposes of Processing: To deliver personalized advertising based on your interests
Demographic data
Recipients: Third parties that perform online advertising services for Microsoft or that use Microsoft’s advertising technologies
Purposes of Processing: To deliver personalized advertising based on your interests
Subscription and licensing data
Recipients: Third parties that perform online advertising services for Microsoft or that use Microsoft’s advertising technologies
Purposes of Processing: To deliver personalized advertising based on your interests
Interactions
Recipients: Third parties that perform online advertising services for Microsoft or that use Microsoft’s advertising technologies
Purposes of Processing: To deliver personalized advertising based on your interests
Please see the
Advertising
section for more information about our advertising practices, and our
U.S. State Data Privacy Laws Notice
for more information on “sharing” for personalized advertising purposes under applicable U.S. state laws.
Rights.
You have the right to (i) know what personal data we collect, use, disclose, “share”, and sell, (ii) delete your personal data, (iii) correct your personal data, (iv) restrict the use and disclosure of your sensitive data, (v) receive a copy of your personal data, and (vi) opt-out of “sharing” your personal data with third parties for personalized advertising purposes on third party sites. You may make these requests yourself or through an authorized agent. If you use an authorized agent, we provide your agent with
detailed guidance
on how to exercise your privacy rights. Please see our
U.S. State Data Privacy Laws Notice
for additional information on how to exercise these rights.
Universal Opt-Outs.
Microsoft receives and responds to the Global Privacy Control (GPC) browser opt-out signal. Microsoft will turn off sharing your data with third parties for personalized ads if we receive a GPC signal from you when you visit our sites.
You may have additional rights related to your consumer health data as defined by applicable state consumer health privacy laws. Please see our
Consumer Health Data Privacy Policy
for information on the rights available under Washington State’s My Health My Data Act (MHMDA) and other applicable U.S. consumer health privacy laws.
If you have a Microsoft account, you can exercise your rights through the
Microsoft privacy dashboard
, which requires you to log in to your Microsoft account. If you have an additional request or questions after using the dashboard, you may contact Microsoft at the address in the
How to contact us
section, use our
web form
, or call our US toll free number +1 (844) 931 2038. If you do not have an account, you may exercise your rights by contacting us as described above. To further protect your personal data, we may ask for additional information, such as your country of residence, email address, and phone number to validate your identity and request before honoring the request.
You may indicate your choice to opt-out of the sharing of your personal data with third parties for personalized advertising on third party sites by visiting our
sharing opt-out page
. You can also control the personalized advertising you see on Microsoft properties by visiting our
opt-out page
.
We do not use or disclose your sensitive data for purposes other than those listed below, without your consent, or as permitted or required under applicable laws. So, we do not offer an ability to limit the use of sensitive data.
If you have made a request to Microsoft to know, delete, correct, or receive your personal information and believe your request was denied by Microsoft, you can exercise your right to appeal the results of your request by contacting our privacy support team via our web form. If your appeal is unsuccessful and depending upon the state where you live, you may have the right to raise a concern or lodge a complaint with your state attorney general.
You have a right not to receive discriminatory treatment if you exercise your privacy rights. We will not discriminate against you if you exercise your privacy rights.
Personal information processing
. In the bulleted list below, we outline the categories of personal data we collect, the sources of the personal data, our purposes of processing, and the categories of third-party recipients with whom we provide the personal data. For a description of the data included in each category, please see the
Personal data we collect
section. Please see the
Our retention of personal data
section for information on personal data retention criteria.
Categories of Personal Data
Name and contact data
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users and partners with whom we offer co-branded services
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide our products; respond to customer questions; help, secure, and troubleshoot; and marketing
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
Credentials
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users and organizations that represent users
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide our products; authentication and account access; and help, secure and troubleshoot
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
Demographic data
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users and purchases from data brokers
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide and personalize our products; product development; help, secure, and troubleshoot; and marketing
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
Payment data
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users and financial institutions
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Transact commerce; process transactions; fulfill orders; help, secure, and troubleshoot; and detect and prevent fraud
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
Subscription and licensing data
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users and organizations that represent users; third-party storefronts and platforms on which our products are purchased
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide, personalize, and activate our products; customer support; help, secure, and troubleshoot; marketing; and accounting
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
Interactions
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users including data Microsoft generates through those interactions
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide and personalize our products; product improvement; product development; marketing; and help, secure and troubleshoot
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
Content
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users and organizations that represent users
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide our products; safety; and help, secure, and troubleshoot
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
Video or recordings
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users and publicly available sources
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide our products; product improvement; product development; marketing; help, secure, and troubleshoot; and safety
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
Feedback and ratings
Sources of personal data: Interactions with users
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide our products; product improvement; product development; customer support; and help, secure, and troubleshoot
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities
While the bulleted list above contains the primary sources and purposes of processing for each category of personal data, we also collect personal data from the sources listed in the
Personal data we collect
section, such as developers who create experiences through or for Microsoft products. Similarly, we process all categories of personal data for the purposes described in the
How we use personal data
section, such as meeting our legal obligations, developing our workforce, and doing research.
Subject to your
privacy settings
, your consent, and depending on the products you use and your choices, we may collect, process, or disclose certain personal data that qualifies as “sensitive data” under applicable U.S. state data privacy laws. Sensitive data is a subset of personal data. In the list below, we outline the categories of sensitive data we collect, the sources of the sensitive data, our purposes of processing, and the categories of third party recipients with whom we share the sensitive data. Please see the
Personal data we collect
section for more information about the sensitive data we may collect.
Categories of Sensitive Data
Account log-in, financial account, debit or credit card number, and the means to access the account (security or access code, password, credentials, etc.)
Sources of sensitive data: Interactions with users and organizations that represent users
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide the product and fulfill requested financial transactions
Recipients: Service providers and payment processing providers
Precise geo-location information
Sources of sensitive data: Users’ interactions with the products
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide the service requested; product improvement; some attributes may be disclosed to third parties to provide the service
Recipients: Users and service providers (please see the
Windows Location Services and Recording
section of our privacy statement for more information)
Racial or ethnic origin, religious or philosophical beliefs, or union membership
Sources of sensitive data: Communications with users
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Conduct research studies to better understand how our products are used and perceived and for the purposes of improving the product experiences
Recipients: Service providers
Medical or mental health, sex life, or sexual orientation
Sources of sensitive data: Communications with users
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Conduct research studies to better understand how our products are used and perceived and for the purposes of improving the product experiences and accessibility
Recipients: Service providers
Contents of your mail, email, or text messages (where Microsoft is not the intended recipient of the communication)
Sources of sensitive data: Users’ interactions with the products
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide our products; improve the product experience; safety; and help, secure, and troubleshoot
Recipients: Service providers
Personal data collected from a known child under 13 years of age
Sources of sensitive data: Interactions with users and organizations that represent users
Purposes of Processing (Collection and Disclosure to Third Parties): Provide our products; product improvement; product development; recommendations; help, secure, and troubleshoot; and safety
Recipients: Service providers and user-directed entities (in accordance with your Microsoft Family Safety
settings
)
While the bulleted list above contains the primary sources and purposes of processing for personal data collected from children under 13, we also collect personal data from the sources listed in the
Collection of Data from Children
section.
We do not use or disclose your sensitive data for purposes other than the following:
Perform the services or provide the goods you reasonably expect
Help ensure the security and integrity of our services, systems, and data, to combat malicious deceptive, fraudulent or illegal acts, and to protect the physical safety of individuals, to the extent the processing is reasonably necessary and proportionate
For short-term transient use (including non-personalized advertising), so long as the personal data is not disclosed to a third party, is not used for profiling, and is not used to alter an individual’s experience outside the current interaction with Microsoft
Perform services on behalf of Microsoft, such as maintaining accounts, providing customer service, processing, or fulfilling orders/transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing financing, providing analytics, providing storage, and similar services
Undertake activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of, or improve, upgrade, or enhance a service or device owned or controlled by Microsoft
Collect or process sensitive data where the collection or processing is not for inferring characteristics about the individual
Any other activities in accordance with any future regulations that are issued pursuant to U.S. state data privacy laws
De-Identified Data
. In some situations, Microsoft may process de-identified data. Data is in this state when we are not able to link data to an individual to whom such data may relate without taking additional steps. In those instances, and unless allowed under applicable law, we will maintain such information in a de-identified state, and will not try to re-identify the individual to whom the de-identified data relates.
Disclosures of personal data for business or commercial purposes
. As indicated in the
Reasons we share personal data
section, we share personal data with third parties for various business and commercial purposes. The primary business and commercial purposes for which we share personal data are the purposes of processing listed in the table above. However, we share all categories of personal data for the business and commercial purposes in the
Reasons we share personal data
section.
Parties that control collection of personal data
. In certain situations, we may allow a third party to control the collection of your personal data. For example, third party applications or extensions that run on Windows or Edge browser may collect personal data based on their own practices.
Microsoft allows advertising companies to collect information about your interactions with our websites in order to deliver personalized ads on Microsoft’s behalf.  You can view
our third party ad partners
on the
U.S. State Data Privacy Laws Notice
, and opt-out of data sharing with third parties at our opt-out
page
.
Back to top
Advertising
Advertising allows us to provide, support, and improve some of our products. Microsoft does not use what you say in email, human-to-human chat, video calls or voice mail, or your documents, photos, or other personal files to target ads to you. We use other data, detailed below, for advertising on our Microsoft properties and on third-party properties. For example:
Microsoft may use data we collect to select and deliver some of the ads you see on Microsoft web properties, such as
Microsoft.com
, Microsoft Start, and Bing. We may also use such data to select and deliver ads on third party digital properties.
When the advertising ID is enabled in Windows as part of your privacy settings, third parties can access and use the advertising ID (much the same way that websites can access and use a unique identifier stored in a cookie) to select and deliver ads in such apps.
We may share data we collect with internal and external partners, such as Xandr, Yahoo, or Facebook (see below), so that the ads you see in our products and their products are more relevant and valuable to you.
Advertisers may choose to place our web beacons on their sites, or use similar technologies, in order to allow Microsoft to collect information on their sites such as activities, purchases, and visits; we use this data on behalf of our advertising customers to provide ads.
The ads that you see may be selected based on data we process about you, such as your interests and favorites, your location, your transactions, how you use our products, your search queries, or the content you view. For example, if you view content on Microsoft Start about automobiles, we may show advertisements about cars; if you search “pizza places in Seattle” on Bing, you may see advertisements in your search results for restaurants in Seattle.
The ads that you see may also be selected based on other information learned about you over time using demographic data, location data, search queries, interests and favorites, usage data from our products and sites, and the information we collect about you from the sites and apps of our advertisers and partners. We refer to these ads as "personalized advertising" in this statement. For example, if you view gaming content on
xbox.com
, you may see ads for games on Microsoft Start. To provide personalized advertising, we combine cookies placed on your device using information that we collect (such as IP address) when your browser interacts with our websites. If you opt out of receiving personalized advertising, data associated with these cookies will not be used.
We may use information about you to serve you with personalized advertising when you use Microsoft services. If you are logged in with your Microsoft account and have consented to allow Microsoft Edge to use your online activity for personalized advertising, you will see ads for products and services based on your online activity while using Microsoft Edge. To configure your privacy settings for Edge, go to Microsoft Edge > Settings > Privacy and Services. To configure your privacy and ad settings for your Microsoft account with respect to your online activity across browsers, including Microsoft Edge, or when visiting third-party websites or apps, go to your dashboard at
privacy.microsoft.com
.
Further details regarding our advertising-related uses of data include:
Advertising industry best practices and commitments
. Microsoft is a member of the
Network Advertising Initiative
(NAI) and adheres to the NAI Code of Conduct. We also adhere to the following self-regulatory programs:
In the US:
Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA)
In Europe:
European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA)
In Canada:
Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)
/
Choix de Pub: l'Alliance de la publicité numérique du Canada (DAAC)
Health-related ad targeting
. In the United States, we provide personalized advertising based on a limited number of standard, non-sensitive health-related interest categories, including allergies, arthritis, cholesterol, cold and flu, diabetes, gastrointestinal health, headache / migraine, healthy eating, healthy heart, men’s health, oral health, osteoporosis, skin health, sleep, and vision / eye care. We will also personalize ads based on custom, non-sensitive health-related interest categories as requested by advertisers.
Children and advertising
. We do not deliver personalized advertising to children whose birthdate in their Microsoft account identifies them as under 18 years of age.
Data retention
. For personalized advertising, we retain data for no more than 13 months, unless we obtain your consent to retain the data longer.
Sensitive Data
. Microsoft Advertising does not collect, process, or disclose personal data that qualifies as “sensitive data” under applicable U.S. state data privacy laws for the purposes of providing personalized advertising.
Data sharing
. In some cases, we share with advertisers reports about the data we have collected on their sites or ads.
Data collected by other advertising companies
. Advertisers sometimes include their own web beacons (or those of their other advertising partners) within their advertisements that we display, enabling them to set and read their own cookie. Additionally, Microsoft partners with
Xandr
, a Microsoft company, and third-party ad companies to help provide some of our advertising services, and we also allow other third-party ad companies to display advertisements on our sites. These third parties may place cookies on your computer and collect data about your online activities across websites or online services. These companies currently include, but are not limited to:
Facebook
,
Media.ne
t
,
Outb
rain
,
Taboola
and
Yah
oo
. Select any of the preceding links to find more information on each company's practices, including the choices it offers. Many of these companies are also members of the
NAI
or
DAA
, which each provide a simple way to opt out of ad targeting from participating companies.
To opt out of receiving personalized advertising from Microsoft, visit our
opt-out
page. When you opt out, your preference is stored in a cookie that is specific to the web browser you are using. The opt-out cookie has an expiration date of five years. If you delete the cookies on your device, you need to opt out again.
Back to top
Speech recognition technologies
Speech recognition technologies are integrated into many Microsoft products and services. Microsoft provides both device-based speech recognition features and cloud-based (online) speech recognition features. Microsoft’s speech recognition technology transcribes voice data into text. With your permission, Microsoft employees and vendors working on behalf of Microsoft, will be able to review snippets of your voice data or voice clips in order to build and improve our speech recognition technologies. These improvements allow us to build better voice-enabled capabilities that benefit users across all our consumer and enterprise products and services. Prior to employee or vendor review of voice data, we protect users’ privacy by taking steps to de-identify the data, requiring non-disclosure agreements with relevant vendors and their employees, and requiring that employees and vendors meet high privacy standards.
Learn more about Microsoft and your voice data
.
Back to top
Preview or free-of-charge releases
Microsoft offers preview, insider, beta or other free-of-charge products and features ("previews") to enable you to evaluate them while providing Microsoft with data about your use of the product, including feedback and device and usage data. As a result, previews can automatically collect additional data, provide fewer controls, and otherwise employ different privacy and security measures than those typically present in our products. If you participate in previews, we may contact you about your feedback or your interest in continuing to use the product after general release.
Back to top
Changes to this privacy statement
We update this privacy statement when necessary to provide greater transparency or in response to:
Feedback from customer, regulators, industry, or other stakeholders.
Changes in our products.
Changes in our data processing activities or policies.
When we post changes to this statement, we will revise the "last updated" date at the top of the statement and describe the changes on the
Change history
page. If there are material changes to the statement, such as a change to the purposes of processing of personal data that is not consistent with the purpose for which it was originally collected, we will notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes before they take effect or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to periodically review this privacy statement to learn how Microsoft is protecting your information.
Back to top
How to contact us
If you have a privacy concern, complaint, or question for the Microsoft Chief Privacy Officer or the Data Protection Officer for your region, please contact us by using our
web form
. We will respond to questions or concerns as required by law and within a period no longer than 30 days. You can also raise a concern or lodge a complaint with a data protection authority or other official with jurisdiction.
When Microsoft is a controller, unless otherwise stated, Microsoft Corporation and, for those in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland, Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited are the data controllers for personal data we collect through the products subject to this statement. Our addresses are:
Microsoft Privacy, Microsoft Corporation, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, Washington 98052, USA. Telephone: +1 (425) 882 8080.
Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited, Attn: Data Protection Officer, One Microsoft Place, South County Business Park, Leopardstown, Dublin 18, Ireland. Telephone: +353 1 706 3117.
To find the Microsoft subsidiary in your country or region, see the list of
Microsoft office locations around the world
.
The representative of Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited within the meaning of Art. 14 of the Swiss Federal Act on Data Protection is Microsoft Schweiz GmbH, The Circle 02, 8058 Zürich-Flughafen, Switzerland.
If you would like to exercise your rights under applicable U.S. state data privacy law, you may contact Microsoft at the U.S. address listed above, use our
web form
, or call our U.S. toll free number +1 (844) 931 2038.
If you are a resident of Canada and its provinces you may contact the Microsoft Data Protection Officer for Canada at Microsoft Canada Head Office, 4400-81 Bay St, Toronto, ON, M5J 0E7, at +1 (416) 349 2506, or by using our
web form
.
Where French law applies, you can also send us specific instructions regarding the use of your personal data after your death, by using our
web form
.
If you have a technical or support question, please visit
Microsoft Support
to learn more about Microsoft Support offerings. If you have a personal Microsoft account password question, please visit
Microsoft account support
.
We offer various means for you to control your personal data that Microsoft has obtained, and to exercise your data protection rights. You can do so by contacting Microsoft at our
web form
or the information above, or by using the various tools we provide. Please see the
How to access and control your personal data
section for additional details.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Artificial Intelligence and Microsoft Copilot capabilities
Microsoft leverages the power of artificial intelligence (AI) in many of our products and services, including by incorporating generative AI features such as Microsoft Copilot capabilities. Microsoft’s deployment and use of AI is subject to Microsoft’s
AI Principles
and Microsoft’s
Responsible AI Standard
, and Microsoft’s collection and use of personal data in developing and deploying AI features is consistent with commitments outlined in this privacy statement. Product-specific details provide additional relevant information. You can find out more about how Microsoft uses AI
here
.
Microsoft Copilot capabilities.
Microsoft Copilot
is Microsoft’s everyday AI companion, and is designed to help you achieve more through a single experience that runs across devices, understanding relevant context on the web, on your PC, and across apps to bring you the right skills at the right time. With the help of Copilot, users can start a draft of a new Word document; or generate a PowerPoint presentation when accessing Copilot in M365 apps, quickly find the answers to complex search queries online, find relevant documents or other personal content, or be inspired to create new songs, stories, images, or other content, among other tasks. Copilot is a family of services, and Microsoft’s collection and use of data may differ depending on the service and the intended functionality in a given scenario.
The Copilot
website
and app (available on iOS and Android) is the core of the consumer Copilot experience. Within this core experience, users can search the web, create text, images, songs, or other outputs, or engage with other features, such as plugins. On the website and in the app, users enter “prompts” that provide instructions to Copilot (e.g., “Give me recommendations for a restaurant that accommodates parties of 10 near me”). In order to provide a relevant response, Copilot will use this prompt, along with the user’s location, language, and similar settings, to formulate a helpful response. In some markets, authenticated users can choose to allow Copilot to have access to prior prompt history to better personalize the product. The consumer Copilot product uses the data collected to provide and improve the Copilot services, including to provide relevant advertising. Users who are signed-in to their account can manage their prompt history in product and on the Microsoft Privacy Dashboard, and can adjust their location, language, and other settings in the product.
Copilot also appears as an assistant within other Microsoft consumer products, such as Bing and Microsoft Edge. In those situations, data processing activities generally align with those products’ primary uses. For example, Copilot in Bing’s use and collection of personal data is consistent with Bing’s core web search offering as described in the Search and Browse section of this privacy statement. More information about Copilot in Bing is available at
Copilot in Bing: Our approach to Responsible AI
. In Microsoft Edge, Copilot appears in the sidebar experience and can help the user complete tasks related to the webpages they visit (e.g., “summarize this page”). This data is used consistent with the Microsoft Edge section of this privacy statement.
Copilot Pro
is another consumer Copilot offering, and offers subscribers priority access to the very latest models, improved image creation abilities, and access to Copilot in Microsoft Word, PowerPoint, OneNote, Excel, and Outlook. The main Copilot Pro website and app has similar data collection, use, and controls as consumer Copilot, as described above. Similar Copilot functionality is also included in Microsoft 365 Family and Microsoft 365 Personal subscriptions. When Copilot is integrated with Microsoft 365 products, Copilot data collection is consistent with how data collection and use is described in the Productivity and Communications section of this privacy statement.
There are also Copilot offerings designed for enterprise users. When enabled by an eligible enterprise, users logged in with their Entra ID who want to access consumer Copilot services are offered Copilot with Commercial Data Protection, which minimizes data collection and use consistent with the expectations of enterprise users. More information on Copilot with Commercial Data Protection is available
here
.
Microsoft 365 Copilot, available for Microsoft 365 enterprise offerings, provides enterprise-grade data protection along with access to the corporate graph, Copilot within Microsoft 365 and Teams, and additional customization features. Data collection and use in Microsoft 365 Copilot is consistent with the practices described in the Enterprise and Developer Products section of this privacy statement.
Back to top
Enterprise and developer products
Enterprise and Developer Products are Microsoft products and related software offered to and designed primarily for use by organizations and developers. They include:
Cloud services, referred to as Online Services in the Product Terms, such as Microsoft 365 and Office 365, Microsoft Azure, Microsoft Dynamics365, and Microsoft Intune for which an organization (our customer) contracts with Microsoft for the services (“Enterprise Online Services”).
Other enterprise and developer tools and cloud-based services, such as Azure PlayFab Services (to learn more see
Azure PlayFab Terms of Service
).
Server, developer, and hybrid cloud platform products, such as Windows Server, SQL Server, Visual Studio, System Center, Azure Stack and open source software like Bot Framework solutions (“Enterprise and Developer Software”).
Appliances and hardware used for storage infrastructure, such as StorSimple (“Enterprise Appliances”).
Professional services referred to in the Product Terms that are available with Enterprise Online Services, such as onboarding services, data migration services, data science services, or services to supplement existing features in the Enterprise Online Services.
In the event of a conflict between this Microsoft privacy statement and the terms of any agreement(s) between a customer and Microsoft for Enterprise and Developer Products, the terms of those agreement(s) will control.
You can also learn more about our Enterprise and Developer Products’ features and settings, including choices that impact your privacy or your end users’ privacy, in product documentation.
If any of the terms below are not defined in this Privacy Statement or the
Product Terms
, they have the definitions below.
General
. When a customer tries, purchases, uses, or subscribes to Enterprise and Developer Products, or obtains support for or professional services with such products, Microsoft receives data from you and collects and generates data to provide the service (including improving, securing, and updating the service), conduct our business operations, and communicate with the customer. For example:
When a customer engages with a Microsoft sales representative, we collect the customer’s name and contact data, along with information about the customer’s organization, to support that engagement.
When a customer interacts with a Microsoft support professional, we collect device and usage data or error reports to diagnose and resolve problems.
When a customer pays for products, we collect contact and payment data to process the payment.
When Microsoft sends communications to a customer, we use data to personalize the content of the communication.
When a customer engages with Microsoft for professional services, we collect the name and contact data of the customer’s designated point of contact and use information provided by the customer to perform the services that the customer has requested.
The Enterprise and Developer Products enable you to purchase, subscribe to, or use other products and online services from Microsoft or third parties with different privacy practices, and those other products and online services are governed by their respective privacy statements and policies.
Enterprise and Developer Products are Microsoft products and related software offered to and designed primarily for use by organizations and developers. They include:
Cloud services, referred to as Online Services in the Product Terms, such as Microsoft 365 and Office 365, Microsoft Azure, Microsoft Dynamics365, and Microsoft Intune for which an organization (our customer) contracts with Microsoft for the services (“Enterprise Online Services”).
Other enterprise and developer tools and cloud-based services, such as Azure PlayFab Services (to learn more see
Azure PlayFab Terms of Service
).
Server, developer, and hybrid cloud platform products, such as Windows Server, SQL Server, Visual Studio, System Center, Azure Stack and open source software like Bot Framework solutions (“Enterprise and Developer Software”).
Appliances and hardware used for storage infrastructure, such as StorSimple (“Enterprise Appliances”).
Professional services referred to in the Product Terms that are available with Enterprise Online Services, such as onboarding services, data migration services, data science services, or services to supplement existing features in the Enterprise Online Services.
In the event of a conflict between this Microsoft privacy statement and the terms of any agreement(s) between a customer and Microsoft for Enterprise and Developer Products, the terms of those agreement(s) will control.
You can also learn more about our Enterprise and Developer Products’ features and settings, including choices that impact your privacy or your end users’ privacy, in product documentation.
If any of the terms below are not defined in this Privacy Statement or the
Product Terms
, they have the definitions below.
General
. When a customer tries, purchases, uses, or subscribes to Enterprise and Developer Products, or obtains support for or professional services with such products, Microsoft receives data from you and collects and generates data to provide the service (including improving, securing, and updating the service), conduct our business operations, and communicate with the customer. For example:
When a customer engages with a Microsoft sales representative, we collect the customer’s name and contact data, along with information about the customer’s organization, to support that engagement.
When a customer interacts with a Microsoft support professional, we collect device and usage data or error reports to diagnose and resolve problems.
When a customer pays for products, we collect contact and payment data to process the payment.
When Microsoft sends communications to a customer, we use data to personalize the content of the communication.
When a customer engages with Microsoft for professional services, we collect the name and contact data of the customer’s designated point of contact and use information provided by the customer to perform the services that the customer has requested.
The Enterprise and Developer Products enable you to purchase, subscribe to, or use other products and online services from Microsoft or third parties with different privacy practices, and those other products and online services are governed by their respective privacy statements and policies.
Enterprise online services
To provide the Enterprise Online Services, Microsoft uses data you provide (including Customer Data, Personal Data, Administrator Data, Payment Data, and Support Data) and data Microsoft collects or generates associated with your use of the Enterprise Online Services. We process data as described in the
Product Terms
,
Microsoft Products and Services Data Protection Addendum (Products and Services DPA),
and the
Microsoft Trust Center
.
Personal Data
. Customer is the controller of Personal Data and Microsoft is the processor of such data, except when (a) Customer acts as a processor of Personal Data, in which case Microsoft is a subprocessor or (b) as stated otherwise in the standard
Products and Services DPA
. In addition, as provided in the standard
Products and Services DPA
, Microsoft has taken on the added responsibilities of a data controller under GDPR when processing Personal Data in connection with its business operations incident to providing its services to Microsoft’s commercial customers, such as billing and account management; compensation; internal reporting and business modeling; and financial reporting. We use Personal Data in the least identifiable form that will support processing necessary for these business operations. We rely on statistical data and aggregate pseudonymized Personal Data before using it for our business operations, removing the ability to identify specific individuals.
Administrator Data
. Administrator Data is the information provided to Microsoft during sign-up, purchase, or administration of Enterprise Online Services. We use Administrator Data to provide the Enterprise Online Services, complete transactions, service the account, detect and prevent fraud, and comply with our legal obligations. Administrator Data includes the name, address, phone number, and email address you provide, as well as aggregated usage data related to your account, such as the controls you select. Administrator Data also includes contact information of your colleagues and friends if you agree to provide it to Microsoft for the limited purpose of sending them an invitation to use the Enterprise Online Services; we contact those individuals with communications that include information about you, such as your name and profile photo.
As needed, we use Administrator Data to contact you to provide information about your account, subscriptions, billing, and updates to the Enterprise Online Services, including information about new features, security, or other technical issues. We also contact you regarding third-party inquiries we receive regarding use of the Enterprise Online Services, as described in your agreement. You cannot unsubscribe from these non-promotional communications. We may also contact you regarding information and offers about other products and services, or share your contact information with Microsoft's partners. When such a partner has specific services or solutions to meet your needs, or to optimize your use of the Enterprise Online Services, we may share limited, aggregated information about your organization’s account with the partner. Microsoft will not share your confidential information or contact information with the authorized partner unless we have sufficient rights to do so. You can manage your contact preferences or update your information in your account profile.
Payment Data
. We use payment data to complete transactions, as well as to detect and prevent fraud.
Support Data
. Customers provide or authorize Microsoft to collect data in connection with obtaining technical support for the Enterprise Online Services. We process Support Data to provide technical support and as described in the
Products and Services DPA
.
Local Software and Diagnostic Data
. Some Online Services may require, or may be enhanced by, the installation of local software (e.g., agents, device management applications). The local software may collect Diagnostic Data (as defined in the
Products and Services DPA
) about the use and performance of that software. That data may be transmitted to Microsoft and used for the purposes described in the
Products and Services DPA
.
Bing Search Services Data
. Bing Search Services, as defined in the Product Terms, use data such as search queries as described in the
Bing
section of this privacy statement.
Back to top
Enterprise and developer software and enterprise appliances
Enterprise and developer software and enterprise appliances collect data to operate effectively and provide you the best experiences. The data we collect depends on the features you use, as well as your configuration and settings, but it is generally limited to device and usage data. Customers have choices about the data they provide. Here are examples of the data we collect:
During installation or when you upgrade an enterprise and developer software, we may collect device and usage data to learn whether you experience any difficulties.
When you use enterprise software or enterprise appliances, we may collect device and usage data to learn about your operating environment to improve security features.
When you experience a crash using enterprise software or enterprise appliances, you may choose to send Microsoft an error report to help us diagnose the problem and deliver customer support.
Microsoft uses the data we collect from enterprise and developer software and enterprise appliances to provide and improve our products, to deliver customer support, to activate the product, to communicate with you, and to operate our business.
Microsoft SQL Server is a relational database management platform and includes products that can be installed separately (such as SQL Server Management Studio). For detailed information about what data we collect, how we use it, and how to manage your privacy options, visit the
SQL Server privacy page
. If you work in an organization, your administrator can set certain telemetry settings in SQL Server via Group Policy.
HoloLens
. HoloLens headsets are self-contained Windows computers with Wi-Fi connectivity that enable a mixed reality experience for apps and solutions. Microsoft collects diagnostic data to solve problems and to keep Windows running on HoloLens up to date, secure, and operating properly. Diagnostic data also helps us improve HoloLens and related Microsoft products and services depending on the diagnostic data settings you’ve chosen for your device.
Learn more about Windows diagnostic data
.
HoloLens also processes and collects data related to the HoloLens experience and device, which include cameras, microphones, and infrared sensors that enable motions and voice to navigate.
If you choose, cameras can be used to sign you in automatically using your iris. To do this, HoloLens takes an image of your iris and measures distances between key points to create and store a numeric value that represents only you. This data stays on the HoloLens and is not shared with anyone, and you can choose to delete this data from your HoloLens at any time.
HoloLens also detects hand gestures intended for system interactions (such as menu navigation, pan/zoom, and scroll). This data is processed on your HoloLens device and is not stored.
HoloLens derives tracking points based on your environment which allows it to understand surfaces in space and allows you to place digital assets on them. There are no images associated with this environmental data and it is stored locally on the HoloLens device. You can choose to delete this data from your HoloLens at any time.
The headset's microphones enable voice commands for navigation, controlling apps, or to enter search terms.
Learn more about voice data collection
.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Productivity and communications products
Productivity and communications products are applications, software, and services you can use to create, store, and share documents, as well as communicate with others.
Productivity and communications products are applications, software, and services you can use to create, store, and share documents, as well as communicate with others.
Microsoft 365, Office, and other productivity apps
Microsoft 365, previous versions called Office 365, is a collection of subscription productivity services and applications including Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, and OneNote, among others. Office is the one-time purchase version of these applications available on PC or Mac and includes Access and Publisher. Both Microsoft 365 and Office are comprised of client software applications and connected online services (or web apps in the case of Microsoft 365 for the web) that span many platforms and have numerous interdependent experiences. For more details about Outlook, see the
Outlook
section of this privacy statement.
Various cloud-based Microsoft 365 services enable you to use your file content for designs and recommendations, collaborate with others within your documents, and provide you functionality from other Microsoft products, such as Bing, and third-party connected products. If you work in an organization, your administrator may turn off or disable these connected services. You can access the privacy controls within your Microsoft 365 and Office apps. For more information, see
Account Privacy Settings
.
Office Roaming Service
. The Office Roaming Service helps keep your settings, including your privacy settings, up to date across your devices running Microsoft 365 or Office apps. When you sign in to your apps with either your Microsoft account or an account issued by your organization, the service syncs some of your customized settings to Microsoft servers. For example, the service syncs a list of most recently used documents or the last location viewed within a document. When you sign in to another device with the same account, the Office Roaming Service downloads your settings from Microsoft servers and applies them to the additional device. When you sign out of your apps, the service removes your settings from your device. Any changes you make to your customized settings are sent to Microsoft servers.
Updates from Microsoft
. Microsoft uses services such as Click-to-Run, Microsoft AutoUpdate (for Mac), or Microsoft Update (for some versions of Office) to provide you with security and other important updates.
These services can automatically detect the availability of online updates for Microsoft 365 or Office apps on your device and download and install them automatically.
Diagnostic Data
. Diagnostic data is used to (i) keep your Microsoft 365 or Office apps secure and up to date; (ii) detect, diagnose, and remediate problems; and (iii) make product improvements. This data does not include a user’s name or email address, the content of the user’s files, or information about apps unrelated to Microsoft 365 or Office. Users have a choice between two different levels of diagnostic data collection, Required and Optional.
Required
. The minimum data necessary to help keep apps secure, up to date, and performing as expected on the device it’s installed on.
Optional
. Additional data that helps us make product improvements and provides enhanced information to help us detect, diagnose, and remediate issues.
See
Diagnostic Data
for more information.
Connected Experiences
. Microsoft 365 continues to provide more experiences in client applications that are connected to and backed by cloud-based services. A subset of these connected experiences is also available in Office. If you choose to use connected experiences, required service data will be collected to help keep these connected experiences reliable, up to date, secure, and performing as expected. See below for additional information about required service data.
Working with others on a document stored on OneDrive or translating the contents of a Word document into a different language are examples of connected experiences. There are two types of connected experiences.
Experiences that analyze your content
. Experiences that use your file content to provide you with design recommendations, editing suggestions, data insights, and similar features. For example, PowerPoint Designer or Editor in Word.
Experiences that download online content
. Experiences that allow you to search and download online content including templates, images, 3D models, videos, and reference materials to enhance your documents. For example, templates or PowerPoint QuickStarter.
You can access the privacy controls within your Microsoft 365 and Office client apps. These privacy settings allow you to configure your connected experiences. For example, you can choose to enable connected experiences that download online content, but not connected experiences that analyze content. Turning off connected experiences will also turn off additional experiences, such as document co-authoring and online file storage. But even if you use this privacy setting to turn off connected experiences, certain functionality will remain available, such as syncing your mailbox in Outlook, as well as essential services described below. These controls are not available when using Microsoft 365 for the web, since you will already be cloud-connected. For more information about accessing these controls, see
Account Privacy Settings.
If you choose to disable certain types of connected experiences, either the ribbon or menu command for those connected experiences will be grayed out or you will get an error message when you try to use those connected experiences.
Essential services
. There are a set of services that are essential to how Microsoft 365 and Office functions and cannot be disabled. For example, the licensing service that confirms that you are properly licensed to use Microsoft 365 is essential. Required service data about these services is collected and sent to Microsoft, regardless of any other settings that you have configured. See
Essential Services
for more information.
Required service data for connected experiences
. As you use a connected experience, data is sent to and processed by Microsoft to provide you that connected experience. This data is necessary because this information enables us to deliver these cloud-based connected experiences. We refer to this data as required service data.
Required service data can include information related to the operation of the connected experience that is needed to keep the underlying service secure, up to date, and performing as expected. If you choose to use a connected experience that analyzes your content, for example Translate in Word, the text you typed and selected to translate is also sent and processed to provide you the connected experience. Your text and the translation are not stored by our service. Required service data can also include information needed by a connected experience to perform its task, such as configuration information about the Microsoft 365 or Office app.
See
Required service data
for more information.
Copilot in Microsoft 365 and Copilot Pro
. Available as a separate subscription service in select countries, the Copilot features that appear in Microsoft 365 apps as part of a Microsoft 365 Personal, Microsoft 365 Family, or Copilot Pro subscription provide AI-powered productivity capabilities through real-time conversational experiences by applying large language model (LLM) processing on the content you choose to provide in Microsoft 365 apps including Word, Excel, OneNote, Outlook, and PowerPoint. Copilot in Microsoft 365 and Copilot Pro are not available for use in Office desktop licenses. When used with available Microsoft 365 apps, Copilot will use the content in your files only when you ask it to perform a specific action on that specific content - for example, when you ask Copilot to help you rewrite a paragraph in a Word document or ask Copilot to generate a to-do list from your notes in OneNote. Similar to connected experiences, required service data is collected during your use of Copilot that includes information related to its operation that is needed to keep the underlying service secure, up to date, and performing as expected.
See
Copilot Pro: Microsoft 365 apps and your privacy
and
Frequently asked questions about Copilot in Microsoft 365 Family and Personal subscriptions
for more information.
Other Productivity Apps
. Microsoft provides several productivity apps separate from Microsoft 365 and Office, including Whiteboard (a free form digital canvas using touch, type, and pen), To Do (a cloud-based task management app), and Sticky Notes (a desktop notes app).
The apps use various cloud-based services to provide you with functionality from other Microsoft products, such as providing images from Bing in Whiteboard, recommending suggested tasks to add to My Day in To Do, and taking advantage of Sticky Notes' integration with Outlook.
Using device capabilities
. Some Microsoft 365 applications make use of your device capabilities using certain features. In PowerPoint, the presentation recording feature can access your device microphone and camera to record presentations with audio and video. Your device microphone is also accessed via the Record audio feature and when using Speaker Coach. As you speak, Speaker Coach gives you on-screen guidance about pacing, inclusive language, use of profanity, filler words, and whether you’re reading the slide text. When creating a PowerPoint presentation, you can also use the Screenshot and Screen clipping features to capture screen contents. Some Microsoft 365 applications, PowerPoint, Word, and OneNote, provide Dictate, a connected experience which lets you use speech-to-text to author content using your microphone. In Word and OneNote, the Transcribe connected experience converts speech recorded directly in the app using your microphone or using a speech audio recording to a text transcript with each speaker individually separated. OneNote can insert photos or record video using your camera. All Microsoft 365 apps along with To Do and Whiteboard have sharing functionality that accesses your contacts to allow you to share your documents with others in your contacts list. Applications will not access your device capabilities until you begin using the feature.
You can manage your microphone and camera access settings in the Windows Privacy Settings menu. Go to
Start > Settings > Privacy or Privacy & Security
. To learn more about how to control your privacy settings in apps, see
Windows privacy settings that apps use
.
Back to top
Microsoft Family
This section applies to the Microsoft Family Safety M365 product, which allows a family group to connect through the Microsoft Family Safety app on their Windows, Xbox, or mobile devices. Please carefully review the information at
Microsoft Family Safety
if choosing to create or join a family group.
Microsoft Family Safety can help parents and guardians to create a safer environment for their family group with digital content filtering, screen time limits, spending for Microsoft and Xbox stores, setting age ratings for apps and games, and location sharing. To learn about how Microsoft collects and uses children’s data, see the
Collection of data from children section
of the Privacy Statement. If you are using Microsoft Family Safety in Windows, see the
Windows security and safety features section
of the Privacy Statement for additional information.
To enable Family Safety controls on a child account, the child account must be part of a family group. Accounts that require parental consent to be created are automatically included as part of the family group of the individual who consented to the child account’s creation. For accounts that do not require parental consent to be created, the parent or guardian must add the account to their family group in order to use Family Safety controls.
When you have enabled family activity reporting for a child, Microsoft will collect details about how the child uses their devices, such as search, web, app, and game activity, and provide parents with reports of that child's online activities. Activity reports are routinely deleted from Microsoft servers.
Certain Family Safety features, such as Location Sharing, Drive Safety, Share Drives, Places, and Location Alerts will use your location information when enabled. When you have enabled Location Sharing, for instance, your device will upload location data to the cloud and share it with others in your family group. Microsoft retains only your last known location as part of the Location Sharing feature (each new location replaces the previous one). When you enable Drive Safety, your location will be used to record your drive habits such as whether you are driving within the speed limits, if you’re using your phone while driving, and if you accelerate or brake suddenly. These reports will be uploaded to the cloud, and you can choose to share your drive reports with your family group. You can turn off these location features at any time in the Family Safety settings. You can manage your device’s location data at the Microsoft Privacy Dashboard. Learn more about
Family Safety and your location data
.
Back to top
Microsoft Launcher
Microsoft Launcher is an Android app that offers a highly customizable app launcher experience on Android devices.
Microsoft Launcher lets you log in with your personal Microsoft account or work account, or use it without any account. However, some functions may be limited if you do not grant certain permissions.
To use Microsoft Launcher, the application must be installed on your Android device, and optional permissions are required to enable the following features:
Microsoft Copilot
. When signed in with your personal Microsoft account, you can seamlessly use Copilot features like chat, web search, voice search, and image search. Certain Copilot features require access to your device capabilities, such as your device camera, microphone, photos, and videos. Please see our Artificial Intelligence and Copilot capabilities section for more information. Learn more about Copilot terms of use
here
.
Glance Feed
. Glance helps you organize daily activities, such as Outlook calendar, To Do list, Sticky Notes, and recent documents in your M365 apps. After signing-in with your personal Microsoft account or your work account, the data will be synced across devices signed into the same account to give you personalized experiences. It also enables you to review recent activities, like recent photos and app usage, which require permissions to access device photos, files, and app usage data.
News Feed
. When you sign in with your Microsoft account, you can enjoy a personalized news feed and advertisements in Launcher’s News Feed, synchronized across all your devices. You can also receive local curated news when you grant Microsoft Launcher permission to access your location information. You can manage your ad preferences through the Microsoft privacy dashboard to tailor your experience.
Weather Notifications
. Microsoft Launcher allows you to receive the latest and most important weather changes on your home screen with MSN Weather. You can receive up-to-date local weather information when you allow Launcher to access your location or provide your zip code.
Backup and Restore
: Easily transfer between phones or try different home screen setups with Microsoft Launcher's backup and restore feature. Backups can be stored locally on your device or saved to your OneDrive account associated with your Microsoft Account for easy access.
Microsoft Launcher supports Android work profile features, enabling you to maintain a clear boundary between personal and work data on your device. This means you can securely access work resources without mixing them with your personal apps and data.
To learn more about Microsoft Launcher and its supported features, please visit
here
.
Back to top
Microsoft Teams
This section applies to the consumer offering of Teams; if you are using Teams with a school or work account, see the
Enterprise and developer products
of this privacy statement.
Teams is an all-in-one collaboration and communication hub. Teams lets you stay organised and connected across your entire life. Teams allows you to call people with voice or video calling. Teams allows you to easily find people, files, photos, conversations, tasks, and calendars in one convenient and secure place. Teams allows you to store confidential information like passwords, rewards numbers, or login information and share it with others within Teams. With your consent, you can share your location with friends and family.
As part of providing these features, Microsoft collects data about the usage of the features as well as information about your communications, including the time and date of the communication and users that are part of the communication. Microsoft may share this information with Enterprise customers when you interact through meetings and chats with end users who are using their school or work account. For instance, if you engage in a Teams chat with a user who is using Teams associated with their school account, Microsoft may share your information with that user's school as part of providing the Teams service.
Compatibility with Skype
. As a Teams user, you can also log into Skype using your Teams account. If you log into Skype via your Teams credentials, you can use Skype to chat with and call other Skype and Teams users, and you can access your Teams chat history through Skype. Skype users will be able to contact you on Teams and see your Teams presence status. For more information about Skype, see the
Skype section
of this privacy statement.
Finding Teams and Skype Contacts
. Your Teams profile includes information you provided when you set up a Microsoft account. To enable other people to find you on Teams (or products that interact with Teams for personal use, including Teams for enterprise and Skype), your Teams profile is included in the Teams and Skype public search directories, and may be displayed on Skype and Teams. Depending on your settings, Skype and Teams users can find you by your name, email, and/or phone number. Your profile includes your username, avatar, and any other data you choose to add to your profile or display to others. Your Teams profile may be visible to Enterprise customers and their end users when you engage with an end user of an organization in chats and meetings.
Teams contacts
. With your permission, Teams will sync your device, Outlook, and Skype contacts periodically and check for other Teams users that match contacts in your device, Outlook, or Skype address books. You are always in control of your contacts and can stop syncing at any time. If you choose to stop syncing your device, Outlook, or Skype contacts, or you are inactive on your device, any contacts that have not been matched during the synchronization process will be deleted from Teams. If you wish to invite any of your device, Outlook, or Skype contacts to join a conversation, you can invite users to a 1:1 directly, or Microsoft can send an invitation on your behalf via SMS or email for invitations to group conversations. You can block users if you do not want to receive their communications; additionally, you can report a concern to Microsoft.
Notice to non-user contacts.
If your information appears in the device, Outlook, or Skype address books of a Teams user who chooses to sync their device, Outlook, or Skype contacts with their Teams contacts, Microsoft may process your data in order to determine whether you are a current Teams user and to allow Teams users to invite you to the service, including via SMS and email. As long as the Teams user continues to be active on Teams on their device and continues to enable contact syncing with the applicable device or service, your information will be stored on our servers, and we will periodically process your information as a part of the Teams user’s contact syncing experience to check whether you have subsequently joined Teams.
Learn more about how we process your information in connection with the contact syncing feature offered to Teams users
.
If you do choose to join Teams, you will appear as a suggested new Teams contact for any Teams or Skype users with your information in their device, Outlook, or Skype address books. As a Teams user, you will be able to block other Teams and Skype users if you do not want to receive their communications; additionally, you can report a concern to Microsoft.
Third-party contacts.
You can also choose to sync contacts from third-party providers. If you choose to unsync your third-party contacts on Teams, all third-party contacts are deleted from Teams. If you gave your consent to use those third-party contacts on other Microsoft apps and services, these contacts will still be available to those other Microsoft apps and services.
You can remove third-party contacts from all Microsoft apps and services by removing third-party accounts from Teams. Please note that removing a third-party account from Teams may impact your experiences on other Microsoft apps and services that also use that third-party account.
Teams calendar.
You can also choose to sync your Teams calendar with calendars from third-party providers. You can stop syncing your Teams calendar anytime by removing a third-party account from Teams. If you have consented to use third-party data on other Microsoft apps and services, please note that removing this third-party account data in Teams may impact your experiences on other Microsoft apps and services.
Location sharing
. You can share your static or live location with individuals or groups within Teams. You are in control and can stop sharing at any time. Sharing location for children is permitted with parental consent and in groups where an adult from the Microsoft family group is present.
Push notifications
. To let you know of incoming calls, chats, and other messages, Teams uses the notification service on your device. For many devices, these services are provided by another company. To tell you who is calling, for example, or to give you the first few words of the new chat, Teams has to tell the notification service so that they can provide the notification to you. The company providing the notification service on your device will use this information in accordance with their own terms and privacy policy. Microsoft is not responsible for the data collected by the company providing the notification service.
If you do not want to use the notification services for incoming Teams calls and messages, turn it off in the settings found on your device.
Chats and meetings with Enterprise customer end users
. Many Microsoft products are intended for use by organizations, such as schools and businesses, as well as individual users. Please see the
Enterprise and developer products section
of this privacy statement if you are using Teams with a work or school account. If you engage in Teams meetings or chats with end users of organizations, the data you share with the end users is subject to their organization’s policies, if any. You should direct your privacy inquiries related to your data shared through chats and meetings with an organization’s end users, including any requests to exercise your data protection rights, to the organization’s administrator. Microsoft is not responsible for the privacy or security practices of our customers, which may differ from those set forth in this privacy statement.
Back to top
OneDrive
OneDrive lets you store and access your files on virtually any device. You can also share and collaborate on your files with others. Some versions of the OneDrive application enable you to access both your personal OneDrive by signing in with your personal Microsoft account and your OneDrive for Business by signing in with your work or school Microsoft account as part of your organization's use of Microsoft 365 or Office 365.
When you use OneDrive, we collect data about your usage of the service, as well as the content you store, to provide, improve, and protect the services. Examples include indexing the contents of your OneDrive documents so that you can search for them later and using location information to enable you to search for photos based on where the photo was taken. We also collect device information so we can deliver personalized experiences, such as enabling you to sync content across devices and roam customized settings.
When you store content in OneDrive, that content will inherit the sharing permissions of the folder in which you store it. For example, if you decide to store content in the public folder, the content will be public and available to anyone on the internet who can find the folder. If you store content in a private folder, the content will be private.
When you share content to a social network like Facebook from a device that you have synced with your OneDrive account, your content is either uploaded to that social network, or a link to that content is posted to that social network. Doing this makes the content accessible to anyone on that social network. To delete the content, you need to delete it from the social network (if it was uploaded there, rather than a link to it) and from OneDrive.
When you share your OneDrive content with your friends via a link, an email with the link is sent to those friends. The link contains an authorization code that allows anyone with the link to access your content. If one of your friends sends the link to other people, they will also be able to access your content, even if you did not choose to share the content with them. To revoke permissions for your content on OneDrive, sign in to your account and then select the specific content to manage the permission levels. Revoking permissions for a link effectively deactivates the link. No one will be able to use the link to access the content unless you decide to share the link again.
Files managed with OneDrive for Business are stored separately from files stored with your personal OneDrive. OneDrive for Business collects and transmits personal data for authentication, such as your email address and password, which will be transmitted to Microsoft and/or to the provider of your Microsoft 365 or Office 365 service.
Back to top
Outlook
Outlook products are designed to improve your productivity through improved communications and include Outlook.com, Outlook applications, and related services.
Outlook.com
. Outlook.com is the primary consumer email service from Microsoft and includes email accounts with addresses that end in outlook.com, live.com, hotmail.com, and msn.com. Outlook.com provides features that let you connect with your friends on social networks. You will need to create a Microsoft account to use Outlook.com.
When you delete an email or item from a mailbox in Outlook.com, the item generally goes into your Deleted Items folder where it remains for approximately 7 days unless you move it back to your inbox, you empty the folder, or the service empties the folder automatically, whichever comes first. When the Deleted Items folder is emptied, those emptied items remain in our system for up to 30 days before final deletion, unless we are legally required to retain the data for longer.
Outlook applications
. Outlook client applications are software you install on your device that permits you to manage email, calendar items, files, contacts, and other data from email, file storage, and other services, like Exchange Online or Outlook.com, or servers, like Microsoft Exchange. You can use multiple accounts from different providers, including third-party providers, with Outlook applications,
including the new Outlook for Windows app
.
To add an account, you must provide permission for Outlook to access data from the email or file storage services.
When you add an account to Outlook, your mail, calendar items, files, contacts, settings and other data from that account will automatically sync to your device. If you are using the mobile Outlook application, that data will also sync to Microsoft servers to enable additional features such as faster search, personalized filtering of less important mail, and an ability to add email attachments from linked file storage providers without leaving the Outlook application. If you are using the desktop Outlook application, you can choose whether to allow the data to sync to our servers. At any time, you can remove an account or make changes to the data that is synced from your account.
If you add an account provided by an organization (such as your employer or school), the owner of the organizational domain can implement policies and controls (for example, requiring multi-factor authentication or the ability to remotely wipe data from your device) that can affect your use of Outlook.
Using device capabilities
. For Outlook clients that support it, the user can dictate the contents of an email and send using the Dictate feature. The Dictate feature may be configured to use the device’s microphone or any other microphone that a user may connect to their device, like a microphone-enabled pair of headphones. Outlook may also use your device location information to provide you with weather information for your current location as well as provide the ability to search for nearby locations.
To learn more about the data the Outlook applications collect and process, please see the
Microsoft 365
section of this privacy statement.
Back to top
Skype
Skype lets you send and receive voice, video, SMS, and instant message communications. This section applies to the consumer version of Skype; if you are using Skype for Business, see the
Enterprise and developer products
section of this privacy statement.
As part of providing these features, Microsoft collects usage data about your communications that includes the time and date of the communication and the numbers or user names that are part of the communication.
Compatibility with Teams.
As a Skype user, you can also log into Teams using your Skype account. If you log into Teams via your Skype credentials, you can use Teams to chat with and call other Skype and Teams users, and you can access your Skype missed calls and chat history through Teams. Teams users will be able to contact you on Skype and see your Skype presence status. For more information about Teams, see the
Microsoft Teams section
of this privacy statement.
Finding Teams and Skype Contacts.
Your Skype profile includes information you provided when you set up a Microsoft or Skype account. To enable other people to find you on Skype (or products that interact with Skype, such as Skype for Business or Microsoft Teams), your Skype profile is included in Skype and Teams public search directories and may be visible on both Skype and Teams. Depending on your profile settings, Skype and Teams users can find you by your name, email, and/or phone number. Your profile includes your user name, avatar, and any other data you choose to add to your profile or display to others.
Emergency calling in the United States.
If you enable location sharing for emergency calling, your location will be periodically collected to enable Microsoft to share your location with emergency calling service providers if you dial 911. Your location information is only shared if you enable location sharing for emergency calling and you initiate a 911 call.
Skype contacts.
If you use Outlook.com to manage contacts, Skype will automatically add the people you know to your Skype contact list until you tell the application to stop. With your permission, Skype will sync your device contacts periodically and check for other Skype users that match contacts in your device or Outlook address books. You are always in control of your contacts and can stop syncing at any time. You can block users if you do not want to receive their communications. If you choose to stop syncing your device contacts, or you are inactive on your device, any contacts that have not been matched during the synchronization process will be deleted from Skype. If you wish to invite any of your device or Outlook contacts to join a conversation, you can invite users to a 1:1 directly, or Microsoft can send an invitation on your behalf via SMS or email for invitations to group conversations. You can block users if you do not want to receive their communications; additionally, you can report a concern to Microsoft.
Notice to non-user contacts.
If your information appears in the device or Outlook address book of a Skype user who chooses to sync their device or Outlook contacts with their Skype contacts, Microsoft may process your data in order to determine whether you are a current Skype user and to allow Skype users to invite you to the service, including via SMS and email. As long as the Skype user continues to be active on Skype on their device and continues to enable contact syncing, your information will be stored on our servers and we will periodically process your information as a part of the Skype user’s contact synching experience to check whether you have subsequently joined Skype.
Learn more about how we process your information in connection with the contact syncing feature offered to Skype users
.
If you do choose to join Skype, you will appear as a suggested new Skype contact for any Skype and Teams users with your information in their device or Outlook address books. As a Skype user, you will be able to block other Skype and Teams users if you do not want to receive their communications; additionally, you can report a concern to Microsoft.
Partner companies
. To make Skype available to more people, we partner with other companies to allow Skype to be offered via those companies’ services. If you use Skype through a company other than Microsoft, that company’s privacy policy governs how it handles your data. To comply with applicable law or respond to valid legal process, or to help our partner company or local operator comply or respond, we may access, transfer, disclose, and preserve your data. That data could include, for example, your private content, such as the content of your instant messages, stored video messages, voicemails, or file transfers.
Skype Manager
. Skype Manager lets you manage a group’s (such as your family’s) Skype usage from one central place. When you set up a group, you will be the Skype Manager Administrator and can see the patterns of usage, including detailed information, like traffic data and details of purchases, of other members of the group who have consented to such access. If you add information like your name, other people in the group will be able to see it. Members of the group can withdraw consent for Skype Manager by visiting their
Skype account page
.
Push notifications
. To let you know of incoming calls, chats, and other messages, Skype apps use the notification service on your device. For many devices, these services are provided by another company. To tell you who is calling, for example, or to give you the first few words of the new chat, Skype has to tell the notification service so that they can provide the notification to you. The company providing the notification service on your device will use this information in accordance with their own terms and privacy policy. Microsoft is not responsible for the data collected by the company providing the notification service. If you do not want to use the notification services for incoming Skype calls and messages, turn it off in the settings found in the Skype application or your device.
Translation features
. When you use Skype’s translation features, Skype collects and uses your conversation to provide the translation service. With your permission, your data may be used to help improve Microsoft products and services. To help the translation and speech recognition technology learn and grow, sentences and automatic transcripts are analyzed and any corrections are entered into our system, to build better performing services. This data may include manual transcription of your voice clips. To learn more about how Microsoft manages your voice data, see
Speech recognition technologies
.
Recording features
. Some versions of Skype have a recording feature that allows you to capture and share all or part of your audio / video call. The recording will be stored and shared as part of your conversation history with the person or group with whom the call occurred.
You should understand your legal responsibilities before recording any communication. This may include obtaining the prior consent of everyone participating in the conversation or any other authorizations as required.
Microsoft is not responsible for how you use your recordings or the recording features.
Skype bots
. Bots are programs offered by Microsoft or third parties that can do many useful things like search for news, play games, and more. Depending on their capabilities, bots may have access to your display name, Skype ID, country, region, language, and any messages, audio, video, or content that you share with the bot. Please review the bot profile and its privacy statement before engaging in a one-to-one or group conversation with a bot. You can delete a bot that you no longer wish to engage with. Prior to adding a bot to a group, please ensure that your group participants have consented to their information being shared with the bot.
Captioning
. Certain Skype features include accessibility functionality such as captioning. During Skype calls, a call participant can activate a voice-to-text feature, which allows the user to view the audio chat as text. If a user activates this feature, other call participants will not receive a notification. Microsoft uses this voice and text data to provide captioning of audio for users.
Camera Features
. When you use the camera feature in Skype, you can choose to enhance your video and images with third party lens services. Lens is a feature that uses Augmented Reality (AR) to transform your selfies in a fun way, such as making you look like your favorite animal. Using the camera in Skype, you can select the lens feature that is incorporated in the Skype to transform your face and hands. Depending on which lens you choose, your video and images may be processed to extract information about the location of different areas on your face and hands. The extracted data is used for the sole purpose of applying AR effects to your face and hands. None of this data is used to personally identify you. This data is processed for the duration of the session on your device only, and then deleted immediately. This data is not sent to Skype or any third party.
Back to top
Surface
Microsoft offers its family of Surface devices and accessories to provide a great computing experience, including surfing the web, watching and streaming videos, playing games, running apps like Excel, Word, and OneNote, and more. These include devices and accessories like Surface Laptops, Surface Studios, Surface Book, Surface Pro, Surface Headphones, Surface Earbuds, Surface Dock, Surface Keyboard, and more. As part of that experience, Microsoft collects certain diagnostic data, as described below.
Diagnostic data
. Microsoft collects diagnostic data as you use your Surface devices, Surface accessories, and Surface applications. Diagnostic data can include information about crashes, performance, and usage of Surface products. The data that is sent to Microsoft is used to help keep Surface secure, up to date, and performing as expected and can help us make other improvements to Surface.
There are two levels of diagnostic and activity data: Required diagnostic data and Optional diagnostic data.
Required diagnostic data
is the minimum amount of data that we need to help keep Surface devices, Surface accessories, and the Surface application secure, up-to-date, and performing as expected.
Optional diagnostic data
is additional diagnostic and usage data about your Surface devices, Surface accessories, and the Surface application. If you choose to send optional diagnostic data to Microsoft, required diagnostic data is also included.
Required diagnostic data is always sent to Microsoft for all Surface devices, Surface accessories, and the Surface application. But you can choose whether to allow Surface to collect optional diagnostic data and send it to Microsoft. You can make that choice when you first set up your Surface device or change the setting at any time in the Surface app.
For more information, see
Diagnostic data for Surface products
and
Diagnostic data in the Surface app
. For a list of Surface required diagnostic data collected, see
Required diagnostic data for Surface products
.
Back to top
Surface Duo
The Surface Duo is a device featuring two screens that fits in your pocket for productivity on the go. Powered by the Google Android operating system, Surface Duo supports cellular and Wi-Fi connectivity and can be used for email, internet browsing, games, and business connectivity.
Microsoft provides a core Surface Duo experience that runs on the Android operating system. The core Surface Duo experience includes apps such as the Microsoft Launcher, Setup Wizard, and Your Phone Companion. You can sign in with a Google ID and enable various Google services; you can then also sign in with your Microsoft account (MSA) and enable Microsoft’s services. Microsoft apps and services may rely on information provided by Google. Some features, such as location, require that you enable this functionality for Google and separately allow Microsoft to leverage this information.
Diagnostic data
. Surface Duo collects diagnostic data to solve problems and to keep the core Surface Duo experience up to date, secure, and operating properly. This data also helps us improve Surface Duo and related Microsoft products and services. The data does not include your user name, email address, or the content of your files. There are two levels of diagnostic data: Required diagnostic data and Optional diagnostic data.
Required
. The minimum data necessary to help keep the core Surface Duo experience secure, up to date, and performing as expected.
Optional
. Additional data that helps us make product improvements and provides enhanced information to help Microsoft detect, diagnose, and remediate issues.
Learn more in Surface Duo Privacy Settings
.
Surface Duo location settings
. Surface Duo relies on Google location services to determine the device’s precise geographic location to display the local weather. The location of your Surface Duo can be determined with varying degrees of accuracy and may in some cases be determined precisely. If you want Microsoft apps to be able to reference or display weather or other location related information, you need to enable Google location services and Microsoft location access. Some apps may require these settings be enabled independently for the app and can be set or changed in the Surface Duo’s Settings. The
Google Privacy Policy
provides details about Google’s location service and related data privacy practices. See
Surface Duo Location Settings
for more information.
Microsoft apps included with the Surface Duo
. The diagnostic data options for the core Surface Duo experience are configured when you initially set up your Surface Duo and can be changed in the Surface Duo’s Settings under the Diagnostic Data section.
The other Microsoft apps on your Surface Duo may prompt you to enable functionality to enable the full experience of the app or you may be asked to allow optional diagnostic data collection. You can change the settings for these apps in the Surface Duo Settings under the app name. More information about these apps is available in the
Productivity and communications products
and
Search and Browse
sections of this Privacy Statement.
Back to top
LinkedIn
To learn about the data LinkedIn collects and how it is used and shared, please see LinkedIn’s
Privacy Policy
.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Search and browse
Search and browse products connect you with information and intelligently sense, process, and act on information—learning and adapting over time. For more information on artificial intelligence and Copilot capabilities in Microsoft’s search products, please see
Artificial Intelligence and Microsoft Copilot capabilities
section above.
Search and browse products connect you with information and intelligently sense, process, and act on information—learning and adapting over time. For more information on artificial intelligence and Copilot capabilities in Microsoft’s search products, please see
Artificial Intelligence and Microsoft Copilot capabilities
section above.
Bing
Bing services include search and mapping services, as well as other apps and programs described in this section. Bing services collect and process data in many forms, including text that has been inked or typed, voice data, and images. Bing services are also included within other Microsoft services, such as Microsoft 365, and certain features in Windows (which we refer to as Bing-powered experiences).
When you conduct a search, or use a feature of a Bing-powered experience that involves conducting a search or entering a command on your behalf, Microsoft will collect the searches or commands you provide (which may be in the form of text, voice data, or an image), along with your IP address, location, the unique identifiers contained in our cookies or similar technologies, the time and date of your search, and your browser configuration. For example, if you use Bing voice-enabled services, your voice input and performance data associated with the speech functionality will be sent to Microsoft. To learn more about how Microsoft manages your voice data, see
Speech recognition technologies
. And, if you use Bing image-enabled services, the image you provide will be sent to Microsoft. When you use Bing-powered experiences, such as Bing Lookup to search a particular word or phrase within a webpage or document, that word or phrase is sent to Bing along with some surrounding content in order to provide contextually relevant search results.
AI-enhanced Bing search
. Bing search now includes an AI-enhanced web search functionality, using Microsoft Copilot in Bing, which supports users by providing relevant search results, reviewing and summarizing from across the web, refining research queries through the chat experience, and sparking creativity by helping users create content. Copilot in Bing’s use and collection of personal data is consistent with Bing’s core web search offering as described in this section. More information about Copilot in Bing is available at
Copilot in Bing: Our approach to Responsible AI
.
Search suggestions
. For the search suggestions feature, the characters that you type into a Bing-powered experience (such as search and site suggestions in the Microsoft Edge browser) to conduct a search and what you click on will be sent to Microsoft. This allows us to provide you with relevant suggestions as you type your searches. To turn this feature on or off, while using Bing Search, go to
Bing Settings
. There are other methods to control this feature in other Bing-powered experiences, such as the Microsoft Edge browser. Search Suggestions cannot be turned off in the search box in Windows 10 and Windows 11. If you choose, you can always hide the search box or icon on the taskbar.
Bing experience improvement program for Bing Desktop and Bing Toolbar
. If you are using Bing Desktop or Bing Toolbar and choose to participate in the Bing Experience Improvement Program, we also collect additional data about how you use these specific Bing apps, such as the addresses of the websites you visit, to help improve search ranking and relevance. To help protect your privacy, we do not use the data collected through the Bing Experience Improvement Program to identify or contact you or target advertising to you. You can turn off the Bing Experience Improvement Program at any time in the Bing Desktop or Bing Toolbar settings. Finally, we delete the information collected through the Bing Experience Improvement Program after 18 months.
Retention and de-identification
. We de-identify stored search queries by removing the entirety of the IP address after 6 months, and cookie IDs and other cross-session identifiers that are used to identify a particular account or device after 18 months.
Personalization through Microsoft account
. Some Bing services provide you with an enhanced experience when you sign in with your personal Microsoft account, for example, syncing your search history across devices. You can use these personalization features to customize your interests, favorites, and settings, and to connect your account with third-party services. Visit
Bing Settings
to manage your personalization settings, or the
Microsoft privacy dashboard
to manage your data.
Managing search history
. When you’re signed-in to a personal Microsoft account, you can erase your search and chat history on the
Microsoft privacy dashboard
. The Search History service from Bing, located in Bing Settings, provides another method of revisiting the search terms you've entered and results you've clicked when using Bing search through your browser. You may clear your search history on a device through this service. The conversations you have with Microsoft Copilot in Bing are also remembered as “Recent activity”. The history of previous Recent activities is saved, with the names of chats based by default on the first query of the chat. Your Recent activity is displayed on the right-hand side of the chat window when you are using the service. Clearing your history prevents that history from being displayed in your Search History or chat history, but does not delete information from our search logs, which are retained and de-identified as described above or as you have instructed through the privacy dashboard. If you are signed-in to a work or school Microsoft account using Microsoft Search in Bing, you can export your Microsoft Search in Bing search history, but you cannot delete it. Your Microsoft Search in Bing service administrator can see aggregated search history across all enterprise users but cannot see specific searches by user.
Third-party services that use Bing
. You may access Bing-powered experiences when using third-party services, such as those from Yahoo!. In order to provide these services, Bing receives data from these and other partners, including your search query and related data (such as date, time, IP address, and a unique identifier). This data will be sent to Microsoft to provide the search service. Microsoft will use this data as described in this statement or as further limited by our contractual obligations with our partners. You should refer to the privacy policies of the third-party services for any questions about how they collect and use data.
Data passed to destination website
. When you select a search result or advertisement from a Bing search results page and go to the destination website, the destination website will receive the standard data your browser sends to every web site you visit—such as your IP address, browser type and language, and the host name of the site you came from (in this case,
https://www.bing.com/
).
Sharing data from Bing and Bing-powered experiences with third parties
. We share some de-identified data (data where the identity of a specific person is not known) from Bing and Bing-powered experiences with selected third parties. Before we do so, we run the data through a process designed to remove certain sensitive data that users may have included in the search terms themselves (such as social security numbers or credit card numbers). Additionally, we require these third parties to keep the data secure and to not use the data for purposes other than for which it is provided.
Back to top
Microsoft Edge
Whenever you use a web browser to access the internet, data about your device ("standard device data") is sent to the websites you visit and online services you use. Standard device data includes your device's IP address, browser type and language, access times, and referring website addresses. This data might be logged on those websites' or online services’ web servers. Which data is logged and how that data is used depends on the privacy practices of the websites you visit and web services you use. Certain features in Microsoft Edge, such as when you open a new tab in the browser, connect you to Microsoft Start Content and your experiences with such content is covered by the Microsoft Start section of this privacy statement. Additionally, Microsoft Edge sends a unique browser ID to certain websites to enable us to develop aggregate data used to improve browser features and services.
Microsoft Edge for Windows, Linux, and macOS
. Microsoft Edge is the default web browser for Windows 10 and later and is also available on other supported versions of Windows and macOS.
Data about how you use your browser, such as your browsing history, web form data, temporary internet files, and cookies, is stored on your device. You can delete this data from your device using Clear Browsing History.
Microsoft Edge allows you to capture and save content on your device, such as:
Settings and More
. Allows you to manage your favorites, downloads, history, extensions, and collections.
Collections
. Allows you to collect text, images, videos, and other content in a note page in your browser. When you drag content into your collection, it is cached on your device and can be deleted through your collection.
Website Pin to Taskbar
. Allows you to pin your favorite websites to the Windows taskbar. Websites will be able to see which of their webpages you have pinned, so they can provide you a notification badge letting you know there is something new for you to check out on their websites.
Microsoft collects data necessary to provide features you request in Microsoft Edge. When signed into Microsoft Edge using your Microsoft personal account or work or school account, Microsoft Edge will sync your browser data saved on your device across other signed-in devices. You may choose which browser data to sync, including your favorites, browsing history, extensions and associated data, settings, open tabs, autofill form entries (such as your name, address, and phone number), passwords, payment information, and other data types as they become available. If you choose to sync extensions that you acquired from third-party web stores, a copy of those extensions will be downloaded directly from those web stores on your synced device(s). If you have turned on Password Monitor, your saved credentials are hashed, encrypted and sent to Microsoft’s Password Monitor service to warn you if your credentials were detected as part of a malicious attack or a breach. Microsoft does not retain this data after the check is complete. You can disable or configure syncing in the Microsoft Edge settings.
When you sign into Microsoft Edge with your Microsoft personal account or work or school account, Microsoft Edge will store your account’s privacy preferences. Microsoft Edge will use the stored preferences to migrate your account’s privacy choices across your signed-in devices, including during Windows device set up or when you sign into Microsoft Edge with your account on a new device.
Microsoft Edge’s
Search and site suggestions
uses your search queries and browsing history to provide you with faster browsing and more relevant search recommendations. Microsoft Edge sends the information you type into the browser address bar to the default search provider configured in the address bar to offer search recommendations as you type each character. You can turn off these features at any time in the browser settings. In order to provide search results, Microsoft Edge sends your search queries, standard device information, and location (if you have location enabled) to your default search provider. If Bing is your default search provider, we use this data as described in the Bing section of this privacy statement.
Microsoft Edge collects and uses data from your search activity across the web, including websites Microsoft does not own or operate, to improve Microsoft services, such as Microsoft Edge, Microsoft Bing and Microsoft News. This data may include the search query, the search results that are displayed to you, demographic information that is part of the search results, and the interaction you have with those search results, such as the links you click. Microsoft Edge takes steps to de-identify the data it collects by removing data that identifies the person or device from which it was collected and retains this data for one year from when it is collected. Microsoft does not use this collected data to personalize or provide ads to you. You can turn off the collection of this data at any time in the browser settings.
Microsoft Edge downloads content from Microsoft services to enhance your browsing experiences; for example, when data is downloaded to prerender site content for faster browsing or to provide content required to power features you choose to use, such as providing templates for Collections.
You may also choose to share your Microsoft Edge browsing activity to allow us to personalize Microsoft Edge and Microsoft services like ads, search, shopping, and news. Microsoft Edge browsing activity includes your history, favorites, usage data, web content, and other browsing data. For more information about our
advertising privacy policies
see the Advertising section of the privacy statement. In the Microsoft privacy dashboard you can control the use of your browsing activity for personalized ads in the
See ads that interest you
setting. If you disable this setting in the Microsoft privacy dashboard you will continue to receive personalized web experiences like search and news based on your browsing activity. You may stop sharing your Microsoft Edge browsing activity by disabling
Allow Microsoft to use your browsing activity including history, favorites, usage and other browsing data to personalize Microsoft Edge and Microsoft services like ads, search, shopping and news
within Edge settings. When using Copilot features in the Microsoft Edge sidebar, you can choose to allow Microsoft Copilot in Edge to access the content of the webpage you are viewing in order to provide further insights, such as page summaries. Use of data connected with Copilot experiences is consistent with the Copilot data use described in the Bing section of this privacy statement.
Microsoft Edge collects required diagnostic data to solve problems and to keep Microsoft Edge up to date, secure, and operating properly. Required diagnostic data also helps us improve Microsoft Edge and Windows.
Separate from your search activity data mentioned above, you can choose to send optional diagnostic data about how you use Microsoft Edge and information about your browser activity, including browsing history and search terms to Microsoft to help us improve Microsoft Edge and other Microsoft products and services. For Microsoft Edge on Windows 10 and later, this information is provided when you have enabled optional diagnostic data. For details, see the Windows Diagnostics section of the privacy statement. For Microsoft Edge on other operating systems, optional diagnostic information is provided when you enable
Improve Microsoft products by sending data about how you use the browser
or
Make searches and Microsoft products better by sending info about websites you visit in Microsoft Edge
in the browser settings.
The diagnostic data collected by Microsoft Edge is transmitted to Microsoft and is stored with one or more unique identifiers that help us recognize an individual browser installation on a device and understand the browser's service issues and use patterns.
Learn more about Microsoft Edge, browsing data, and privacy
.
Microsoft Edge on iOS and Android
. Microsoft Edge on iOS and Android devices collects data necessary to provide features you request in Microsoft Edge. Microsoft also collects required diagnostic data to solve problems and to keep Microsoft Edge up to date, secure, and operating properly. Required diagnostic data also helps us improve Microsoft Edge.
Additionally, you may share optional diagnostic data about how you use Microsoft Edge and information about websites you visit (browsing history) for personalized experiences on your browser, Windows, and other Microsoft products and services. This information also helps us improve Microsoft Edge and other Microsoft products and services. This optional diagnostic data is sent to us when you enable
Share usage data for personalization
or
Share info about websites you visit
in the browser settings.
The diagnostic data collected by Microsoft Edge is transmitted to Microsoft and is stored with one or more unique identifiers that help us recognize an individual user on a device and understand the browser's service issues and use patterns.
Microsoft Edge uses data from your search activity across the web, including search activity on websites Microsoft does not own or operate, to improve Microsoft services like Microsoft Edge, Microsoft Bing, and Microsoft News. The data Microsoft Edge collects may include personal data; however, Microsoft Edge takes steps to scrub and de-identify the data. Microsoft Edge does not use this data to personalize or provide ads for you. You can turn off the collection of this data at any time in the browser settings.
Learn more about Search results data for product improvement
.
For information about the privacy practices of legacy versions Microsoft Edge (versions 44 and below), see the Web browsers—Microsoft Edge Legacy and Internet Explorer section of the privacy statement.
Back to top
Microsoft Translator
Microsoft Translator is a machine translation system and service designed to automatically translate text and voice input between numerous supported languages. Microsoft Translator is made available as a stand-alone consumer app for Android, iOS, and Windows and its service capabilities are also integrated in a variety of Microsoft products and services, such as Translator Hub, Translator for Bing, and Translator for Microsoft Edge. Microsoft Translator processes the text, image, and voice data you submit, as well as device and usage data. We use this data to provide Microsoft Translator, personalize your experiences, and improve our products and services. Microsoft has implemented business and technical measures designed to help de-identify the data you submit to Microsoft Translator. For example, when we randomly sample text and audio to improve Microsoft Translator and Microsoft’s speech recognition technologies, we delete identifiers and certain text, such as email addresses and some number sequences, detected in the sample that could contain personal data. To learn more about how Microsoft manages your voice data, see
Speech recognition technologies
.
Separate from Microsoft Translator, Microsoft translation services are available as features in other Microsoft products and services that have different privacy practices than Microsoft Translator. For more information on the Microsoft Azure Cognitive Services Translator Text API, Custom Translator, and Translator Speech API, see the
Enterprise and developer products
section of this privacy statement. For the Translate feature in Microsoft 365 apps and Skype, see the
Productivity and communications products
section of this privacy statement.
Back to top
SwiftKey
The Microsoft SwiftKey keyboard and related cloud-based services (collectively, the “SwiftKey Services”) process data about words you use and how you type and use this data to learn your writing style and provide personalized autocorrection and predictive text that adapts to you. We also use this data to offer a range of other features, such as emoji predictions.
SwiftKey prediction technology learns from the way you use language to build a personalized language model. This model is an optimized view of the words and phrases that you use most often in context and reflects your unique writing style. The model itself contains the words you commonly type arranged in a way that enables SwiftKey’s algorithms to make predictions, based on text you have already entered. The model draws from all scenarios in which you use your keyboard, including when you type while using apps or visiting websites. The SwiftKey keyboard and model attempt to avoid collecting sensitive data, by not collecting data from certain fields such as those recognized as containing password or payment data. SwiftKey Services do not log or store, the data contained in your model, unless you choose to share your data with us (as described further below). When you use SwiftKey Services, we also collect device and usage data. When you sign into your SwiftKey account and agree to share the following data, we will use de-identified device data, usage data, and model data to analyze service performance and help improve our products.
The SwiftKey Services also include an optional cloud component called a SwiftKey Account. If you choose to create a SwiftKey Account, your language model will be synchronized with the SwiftKey Account cloud service, so you can benefit from that model on the different devices you use and access additional services such as prediction synchronization and backup. When you create a SwiftKey Account, Microsoft will also collect your email address and basic demographic data. All data collected is transferred to our servers over encrypted channels. If you are signed in to your SwiftKey account, you can control your personal data and SwiftKey account preferences at
data.swiftkey.com
.
As part of your SwiftKey account, you may also opt in to share your language and/or typing data for the purposes of improving Microsoft products and services. If you opt-in, SwiftKey may send short snippets of data about what and how you type and related correction data to our servers for processing. These text snippets are used in various automated processes to validate that our prediction services are working correctly and to make product improvements. To preserve your privacy, SwiftKey Services de-identify these text snippets, and even if you have a SwiftKey Account, these text snippets will not be linked to it.
If you sign into your SwiftKey Account and opt-in to share your language and typing data, Microsoft will process your shared data to look for new patterns of language usage across our user base. This allows us to improve our basic models for individual languages. Language and typing data used in this process is aggregated and any words or combinations of words that might be personal to individuals or small groups of users are filtered out.
You can withdraw your consent to share your language and typing data for product improvement at any time in SwiftKey Settings. You can also withdraw your consent for SwiftKey Services to retain your personal data in SwiftKey Settings. When you withdraw consent for SwiftKey to retain your personal data, all personal data collected through your use of the SwiftKey Services will be deleted.
You may receive occasional notifications on your device alerting you to product updates and features that may be of interest to you. You can disable these notifications at any time in the SwiftKey Settings.
When you use the camera feature in SwiftKey, you can choose to enhance your video and images with third party lens services. Lens is a feature that uses Augmented Reality (AR) to transform your selfies in a fun way, such as making you look like your favorite animal. Using the camera in SwiftKey keyboard, you can select the lens feature that is incorporated in the keyboard to transform your face and hands. Depending on which lens you choose, your video and images may be processed to extract information about the location of different areas on your face and hands. The extracted data is used for the sole purpose of applying AR effects to your face and hands. None of this data is used to personally identify you. This data is processed for the duration of the session on your device only, and then deleted immediately. This data is not sent to SwiftKey or any third party.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Windows
Windows is a personalized computing environment that enables you to seamlessly roam and access services, preferences, and content across your computing devices from phones to tablets to the Surface Hub. Rather than residing as a static software program on your device, key components of Windows are cloud-based, and both cloud and local elements of Windows are updated regularly, providing you with the latest improvements and features. In order to provide this computing experience, we collect data about you, your device, and the way you use Windows. And because Windows is personal to you, we give you choices about the personal data we collect and how we use it. Note that if your Windows device is managed by your organization (such as your employer or school), your organization may use centralized management tools provided by Microsoft or others to access and process your data and to control device settings (including privacy settings), device policies, software updates, data collection by us or the organization, or other aspects of your device. Additionally, your organization may use management tools provided by Microsoft or others to access and process your data from that device, including your interaction data, diagnostic data, and the contents of your communications and files.
The Windows Settings
, formerly known as PC Settings, is an essential component of Microsoft Windows. It provides a convenient interface for adjusting user preferences, configuring the operating system, and managing connected devices so that you can manage user accounts, adjust network settings, and personalize various aspects of Windows. Windows provides a mechanism for apps to access various device capabilities such as the device’s camera, microphone, location, calendar, contacts, call history, messages and more, while controlling access to your personal data. Each capability has its own privacy settings page in Windows settings, so you can control which apps can use each capability. Here are some key features of Settings:
Customization: You can personalize various aspects of Windows, including the look and feel, language settings, and privacy options. Windows settings uses your microphone when controlling the volume, camera when using integrated camera and location to change brightness at night time to help you customize your Windows.
Peripheral Management: Install and manage peripherals such as printers, monitors, and external drives.
Network Configuration: Adjust networking settings, including Wi-Fi, Ethernet, cellular and VPN connections and will use physical MAC address, IMEI and mobile number if device supports cellular.
Account Management: Add or remove user accounts, change account settings, and manage sign-in options.
System-Level Options: Configure display settings, notifications, power options, manage list of installed apps and more.
Privacy & security management: configure your privacy preferences such as location, collection of diagnostic data etc. Fine-tune which individual apps and services can access device capabilities by turning them on or off.
For more information about data collection in Windows, see
Data collection summary for Windows
. This statement discusses Windows 10 and Windows 11 and references to Windows in this section relate to those product versions. Earlier versions of Windows (including Windows Vista, Windows 7, Windows 8, and Windows 8.1) are subject to their own privacy statements.
Windows is a personalized computing environment that enables you to seamlessly roam and access services, preferences, and content across your computing devices from phones to tablets to the Surface Hub. Rather than residing as a static software program on your device, key components of Windows are cloud-based, and both cloud and local elements of Windows are updated regularly, providing you with the latest improvements and features. In order to provide this computing experience, we collect data about you, your device, and the way you use Windows. And because Windows is personal to you, we give you choices about the personal data we collect and how we use it. Note that if your Windows device is managed by your organization (such as your employer or school), your organization may use centralized management tools provided by Microsoft or others to access and process your data and to control device settings (including privacy settings), device policies, software updates, data collection by us or the organization, or other aspects of your device. Additionally, your organization may use management tools provided by Microsoft or others to access and process your data from that device, including your interaction data, diagnostic data, and the contents of your communications and files.
The Windows Settings
, formerly known as PC Settings, is an essential component of Microsoft Windows. It provides a convenient interface for adjusting user preferences, configuring the operating system, and managing connected devices so that you can manage user accounts, adjust network settings, and personalize various aspects of Windows. Windows provides a mechanism for apps to access various device capabilities such as the device’s camera, microphone, location, calendar, contacts, call history, messages and more, while controlling access to your personal data. Each capability has its own privacy settings page in Windows settings, so you can control which apps can use each capability. Here are some key features of Settings:
Customization: You can personalize various aspects of Windows, including the look and feel, language settings, and privacy options. Windows settings uses your microphone when controlling the volume, camera when using integrated camera and location to change brightness at night time to help you customize your Windows.
Peripheral Management: Install and manage peripherals such as printers, monitors, and external drives.
Network Configuration: Adjust networking settings, including Wi-Fi, Ethernet, cellular and VPN connections and will use physical MAC address, IMEI and mobile number if device supports cellular.
Account Management: Add or remove user accounts, change account settings, and manage sign-in options.
System-Level Options: Configure display settings, notifications, power options, manage list of installed apps and more.
Privacy & security management: configure your privacy preferences such as location, collection of diagnostic data etc. Fine-tune which individual apps and services can access device capabilities by turning them on or off.
For more information about data collection in Windows, see
Data collection summary for Windows
. This statement discusses Windows 10 and Windows 11 and references to Windows in this section relate to those product versions. Earlier versions of Windows (including Windows Vista, Windows 7, Windows 8, and Windows 8.1) are subject to their own privacy statements.
Activation
When you activate Windows, a specific product key is associated with the device on which your software is installed. The product key and data about the software and your device is sent to Microsoft to help validate your license to the software. This data may be sent again if there is a need to re-activate or validate your license. On phones running Windows, device and network identifiers, as well as device location at the time of the first power-up of the device, are also sent to Microsoft for the purpose of warranty registration, stock replenishment, and fraud prevention.
Back to top
Activity history
Activity history helps keep track of the things you do on your device, such as the apps and services you use, the files you open, and the websites you browse. Your activity history is created when using different apps and features such as Microsoft Edge Legacy, some Microsoft Store apps, and Microsoft 365 apps and is stored locally on your device.
You can turn settings off or on for storing activity history locally on your device, and you can also clear your device’s activity history at any time by going to
Privacy > Activity history
in the Windows settings app.
Learn more about activity history in Windows
.
Back to top
Advertising ID
Windows generates a unique advertising ID for each person using a device, which app developers and advertising networks can then use for their own purposes, including providing relevant advertising in apps. When the advertising ID is enabled, both Microsoft apps and third-party apps can access and use the advertising ID in much the same way that websites can access and use a unique identifier stored in a cookie. Thus, your advertising ID can be used by app developers and advertising networks to provide more relevant advertising and other personalized experiences across their apps and on the web. Microsoft collects the advertising ID for the uses described here only when you choose to enable the advertising ID as part of your privacy setting.
The advertising ID setting applies to Windows apps using the Windows advertising identifier. You can turn off access to this identifier at any time by turning off the advertising ID in the Windows settings app. If you choose to turn it on again, the advertising ID will be reset and a new identifier will be generated. When a third-party app accesses the advertising ID, its use of the advertising ID will be subject to its own privacy policy.
Learn more about advertising ID in Windows
.
The advertising ID setting does not apply to other methods of interest-based advertising delivered by Microsoft or third parties, such as cookies used to provide interest-based display ads on websites. Third-party products accessed through or installed on Windows may also deliver other forms of interest-based advertising subject to their own privacy policies. Microsoft delivers other forms of interest-based ads in certain Microsoft products, both directly and by partnering with third-party ad providers. For more information on how Microsoft uses data for advertising, see the
How we use personal data
section of this statement.
Back to top
Diagnostics
Microsoft collects Windows diagnostic data to solve problems and to keep Windows up to date, secure, and operating properly. It also helps us improve Windows and related Microsoft products and services. While the device is running, diagnostic data is collected and periodically transmitted to Microsoft and stored along with one or more unique identifiers that can help us recognize an individual user on an individual device and understand the device's service issues and use patterns.
There are two levels of diagnostic and activity data: Required diagnostic data and Optional diagnostic data. Certain product documentation and other materials refer to Required diagnostic data as Basic diagnostic data and to Optional diagnostic data as Full diagnostic data.
If an organization (such as your employer or school) uses Microsoft Entra ID to manage the account it provides to you and enrolls your device in the Windows diagnostic data processor configuration, Microsoft’s processing of diagnostic data in connection with Windows is governed by a contract between Microsoft and the organization. If an organization uses Microsoft management tools or engages Microsoft to manage your device, Microsoft and the organization will use and process diagnostic and error data from your device to allow the management, monitoring, and troubleshooting of your devices managed by the organization, and for other purposes of the organization.
Required diagnostic data
includes information about your device, its settings and capabilities, and whether it is performing properly. We collect the following Required diagnostic data:
Device, connectivity, and configuration data:
Data about the device such as the processor type, OEM manufacturer, type of battery and capacity, number and type of cameras, firmware, and memory attributes.
Network capabilities and connection data such as the device’s IP address, mobile network (including IMEI and mobile operator), and whether the device is connected to a free or paid network.
Data about the operating system and its configuration such as the OS version and build number, region and language settings, diagnostics data settings, and whether the device is part of the Windows Insider program.
Data about connected peripherals such as model, manufacturer, drivers, and compatibility data.
Data about the applications installed on the device such as application name, version, and publisher.
Whether a device is ready for an update and whether there are factors that may impede the ability to receive updates, such as low battery, limited disk space, or connectivity through a paid network.
Whether updates complete successfully or fail.
Data about the reliability of the diagnostics collection system itself.
Basic error reporting, which is health data about the operating system and applications running on your device. For example, basic error reporting tells us if an application, such as Microsoft Paint or a third-party game, hangs or crashes.
Optional diagnostic data
includes more detailed information about your device and its settings, capabilities, and device health. Optional diagnostic data may also include data about the websites you browse, device activity (also sometimes referred to as usage), and enhanced error reporting that helps Microsoft to fix and improve products and services for all users. When you choose to send Optional diagnostic data, Required diagnostic data will always be included, and we collect the following additional information:
Additional data about the device, connectivity, and configuration, beyond that collected under Required diagnostic data.
Status and logging information about the health of operating system and other system components beyond that collected about the update and diagnostics systems under Required diagnostic data.
App activity, such as which programs are launched on a device, how long they run, and how quickly they respond to input.
Browser activity, including browsing history and search terms, in Microsoft browsers (Microsoft Edge or Internet Explorer).
Enhanced error reporting, including the memory state of the device when a system or app crash occurs (which may unintentionally contain user content, such as parts of a file you were using when the problem occurred).
Some of the data described above may not be collected from your device even if you choose to send Optional diagnostic data. Microsoft minimizes the volume of Optional diagnostic data it collects from all devices by collecting some of the data from only a subset of devices (sample). By running the Diagnostic Data Viewer tool, you can see an icon which indicates whether your device is part of a sample and also which specific data is collected from your device. Instructions for how to download the Diagnostic Data Viewer tool can be found in the Windows settings app under Diagnostics & feedback.
Specific data items collected in Windows diagnostics are subject to change to give Microsoft flexibility to collect the data needed for the purposes described. For example, to enable Microsoft to troubleshoot the latest performance issue impacting users’ computing experience or update a Windows device that is new to the market, Microsoft may need to collect data items that were not collected previously. For a current list of data types collected at
Required diagnostic data
and
Optional diagnostic data
, see
Windows Required (Basic level) diagnostic events and fields
or
Windows Optional (Full level) diagnostic data
. We provide limited portions of error report information to partners (such as the device manufacturer) to help them troubleshoot products and services which work with Windows and other Microsoft product and services. They are only permitted to use this information to repair or improve those products and services. We may also share some aggregated, de-identified diagnostic data, such as general usage trends for Windows apps and features, with selected third parties.
Learn more about diagnostic data in Windows
.
Inking and typing Recognition
. You also can choose to help Microsoft improve inking and typing recognition by sending inking and typing diagnostic data. If you choose to do so, Microsoft will collect samples of the content you type or write to improve features such as handwriting recognition, autocompletion, next word prediction, and spelling correction in the many languages used by Microsoft customers. When Microsoft collects inking and typing diagnostic data, it is divided into small samples and processed to remove unique identifiers, sequencing information, and other data (such as email addresses and numeric values) which could be used to reconstruct the original content or associate the input to you. It also includes associated performance data, such as changes you manually make to text, as well as words you've added to the dictionary.
Learn more about improving inking and typing in Windows
.
Back to top
Personalized offers
If you choose to turn on
Personalized offers
, we will use information about your device and how you use it, including Windows diagnostic data, in combination with your account info and data collected by other Microsoft products and services to offer you personalized tips, ads, and recommendations to enhance your Windows experiences. Personalized offers include suggestions on how to customize and optimize Windows, as well as ads and recommendations for Microsoft and third-party products and services, features, apps, and hardware to enhance your Windows experiences. For example, Windows might tell you about new features to help you get the most out of your device. If you stream movies in your browser, Windows might recommend an app from the Microsoft Store that streams more efficiently. Or, if you are running out of space on your hard drive, Windows might recommend you try OneDrive or purchase hardware to add more storage.
When Personalized offers is on, Windows may use your required diagnostic data to personalize offers. This data may include information about your device, its settings and capabilities, and whether it is performing properly. If you have decided to share optional diagnostic data, the data used to personalize offers may also include information about how you use apps and features, plus additional information about the health of your device. We may also use information about your device and your activity to personalize offers locally on your device, even when the data does not leave your device. We do not use the content of crash dumps, speech, typing, or inking input data for personalizing offers.
In addition to information about your device and how you use it, including Windows diagnostic data, we may use or combine the following data from other Microsoft products and your account with Windows diagnostic data to personalize offers:
Web activity, if you give Microsoft Edge permission to collect your web activity for personalized search, ads, and news.
Info about your use of other Microsoft products and services, including Microsoft Bing, Microsoft 365, Xbox, and Microsoft websites, such as MSN.com.
Subscription and purchase history.
Data from third-party websites which may be shared with Microsoft.
We may also use information about your interactions with tips, recommendations, and promotions to provide and improve the personalized offers and similar messages in other Microsoft products.
To manage how data collected by other Microsoft products is used to personalize offers, you can visit your
Personalized ads and offers page
. The data we use to personalize offers may change over time, but this page will always have the latest list of data sources so you can make decisions on how your data is used by Microsoft. In some regions such as the European Economic Area, turning off Personalized offers on Windows also stops the use of data from other Microsoft products to personalize tips, ads, and recommendations in Windows. In other regions, you can manage how data collected by other Microsoft products is used to personalize offers by visiting your
Personalized ads and offers page
.
Contextual data from your device and some basic account data are used to show you appropriate messaging in Windows regardless of whether the Personalized offers setting or the use of data from other Microsoft products to personalize offers are turned off. For example, this data is used to make sure content is in the correct language and appropriate for your age group.
Personalized offers applies to tips, offers, ads, and recommendations you see in Windows. Changing this setting will not impact the kinds of offers you may see in other Microsoft products. You can change this setting at any time by searching for
Personalized offers
in the Windows Settings app.
Learn more about personalized offers
.
Tailored experiences
Tailored experiences is being replaced by Personalized offers in more recent versions of Windows. If you have not installed the latest Windows Update, you may still see Tailored experiences on your device.
If you choose to turn on Tailored experiences, we will use your Windows diagnostic data (Required or Optional as you have selected) to offer you personalized tips, ads, and recommendations to enhance Microsoft experiences. If you have selected Required as your diagnostic data setting, personalization is based on information about your device, its settings and capabilities, and whether it is performing properly. If you have selected Optional, personalization is also based on information about how you use apps and features, plus additional information about the health of your device. However, we do not use information about the websites you browse, the content of crash dumps, speech, typing, or inking input data for personalization when we receive such data from customers who have selected Optional. Tailored experiences data is transmitted to Microsoft and stored with one or more unique identifiers that can help us recognize an individual user on an individual device and understand the device’s service issues and use patterns.
Tailored experiences include suggestions on how to customize and optimize Windows, as well as ads and recommendations for Microsoft and third-party products and services, features, apps, and hardware for your Windows experiences. For example, to help you get the most out of your device, we may tell you about features you may not know about or that are new. If you are having a problem with your Windows device, you may be offered a solution. You may be offered a chance to customize your lock screen with pictures, or to be shown more pictures of the kind you like, or fewer of the ones you do not. If you stream movies in your browser, you may be recommended an app from the Microsoft store that streams more efficiently. Or, if you are running out of space on your hard drive, Windows may recommend you try OneDrive or purchase hardware to gain more space.
Learn more about tailored experiences in Windows
.
Back to top
Feedback Hub
Feedback Hub provides a way to gather feedback on Microsoft products and installed first party and third-party apps. When you use Feedback Hub, Feedback Hub periodically reads the installed app list to determine apps for which feedback can be sent. Feedback Hub determines the apps installed in your device through public APIs. Additionally, for HoloLens, Feedback Hub uses your camera and microphone when you choose to share surroundings and audio input. It also uses picture and document library to access screenshots and screen recordings that you attach for sending as part of feedback.
You can sign into Feedback Hub using either your personal Microsoft account or an account provided by your organization (such as your employer or school) that you use to sign into Microsoft products. Signing in with your work or school account allows you to submit feedback to Microsoft in association with your organization. Any feedback you provide whether using your work or school account or personal Microsoft account may be publicly viewable depending on the settings configured by your organization’s administrators. Additionally, if feedback is provided using your work or school account, your feedback can be viewed through the Feedback Hub or via admin center by your organization’s administrators.
When you submit feedback to Microsoft about a problem or add more details to a problem, diagnostic data will be sent to Microsoft to improve Microsoft products and services. Depending on your Diagnostic data settings in the
Diagnostics & feedback
section of the Windows settings, Feedback Hub will either send diagnostic data automatically or you will have the option to send it to Microsoft at the time you provide feedback. Based on the category chosen when submitting feedback, there may be additional personal data collected that helps to further troubleshoot issues; for example, location related information when submitting feedback about location services or gaze related information when submitting feedback on Mixed Reality. Microsoft may also share your feedback along with the data collected when you submit your feedback with Microsoft partners (such as a device manufacturer, or firmware developer) to help them troubleshoot products and services that work with Windows and other Microsoft products and services.
Learn more about diagnostic data in Windows
.
Back to top
Get Help
Get Help enables Windows users to get technical support on Windows and other Microsoft applications.  It provides self-service support (such as links to help articles or directions on how Windows users can solve problems on their own), Diagnostics, and connecting the customer to a live Microsoft agent as appropriate. You can sign into the Get Help component with your Microsoft account to create a consumer support case.  Enterprise account users may also be permitted to create a customer support case depending on their organization’s support contract, and if enabled by their tenant administrator.
Get Help may suggest you run a Diagnostic. If you consent, diagnostic data is handled in accordance with the
Diagnostics
section.
If permitted by system settings, the system microphone may be used to capture the support question instead of your needing to type. You can control this in the “Microphone Privacy Settings” in the Windows Settings application. Get Help will also access your Application List to aid in opening the Feedback Hub to the correct app if you choose to start the feedback process within Get Help. All feedback will be entered and controlled by the Feedback Hub, as described in the Feedback Hub section of this Privacy Statement. Get Help does not use your location data as part of its services.
Back to top
Live captions
Live captions transcribe audio to help with the comprehension of spoken content. Live captions can generate captions from any audio containing speech, whether the audio is online, audio you have downloaded to your device, or audio received from your microphone. By default, transcribing microphone audio is disabled.
Voice data that is captioned is only processed on your device and is not shared to the cloud or with Microsoft.
Learn more about live captions
.
Back to top
Location services and recording
Windows location service
. Microsoft operates a location service that helps determine the precise geographic location of a specific Windows device. Depending on the capabilities of the device, the device’s location can be determined with varying degrees of accuracy and may in some cases be determined precisely. When you have enabled location on a Windows device, or you have given permission for Microsoft apps to access location information on non-Windows devices, data about cell towers and Wi-Fi access points and their locations is collected by Microsoft and added to the location database after removing any data identifying the person or device from which it was collected. This de-identified location information is used to improve Microsoft's location services.
Windows services and features, apps running on Windows, and websites opened in Windows browsers can access the device’s location through Windows if your settings allow them to do so. Some features and apps request location permission when you first install Windows, some ask the first time you use the app, and others ask every time you access the device’s location. For information about certain Windows apps that use the device’s location, see the
Windows apps
section of this privacy statement.
When an app or feature accesses the device’s location and you are signed in with a Microsoft account, your Windows device will also upload its location to the cloud where it is available across your devices to other apps or services that use your Microsoft account and for which you’ve granted permission. We will retain only the last known location (each new location replaces the previous one). Data about a Windows device's recent location history is also stored on the device even if not using a Microsoft account, and certain apps and Windows features can access this location history. You can clear your device's location history at any time in the Windows settings app.
In the Windows settings app, you can also view which apps have access to the device’s precise location or your device's location history, turn off or on access to the device’s location for particular apps, or turn off access to the device’s location. You can also set a default location, which will be used when the location service can’t detect a more exact location for your device.
There are some exceptions to how your device’s location can be determined that are not directly managed by the location settings.
Desktop apps are a specific type of app that won’t ask for separate permission to discover your device location information and won’t appear in the list that allows you to choose apps that can use your location. They can be downloaded from the Microsoft Store, downloaded from the internet, or installed with some type of media (such as a CD, DVD, or USB storage device). They’re opened using an .EXE, .MSI, or .DLL file, and they typically run on your device, unlike web-based apps (which run in the cloud).
Learn more about third-party desktop apps and how they may still be able to determine your device’s location when the device’s location setting is off
.
Some web-based experiences or third-party apps that surface on Windows could use other technologies (such as Bluetooth, Wi-Fi, cellular modem, etc.) or cloud-based location services to determine your device’s location with varying degrees of accuracy even when you’ve turned off the device location setting.
In addition, to facilitate getting help in an emergency, whenever you make an emergency call, Windows will attempt to determine and share your precise location, regardless of your location settings. If your device has a SIM card or is otherwise using cellular service, your mobile operator will have access to your device’s location.
Learn more about location in Windows
.
General Location
. If you turn on Location services, apps that cannot use your precise location may still have access to your general location, such as your city, postal code, or region.
Find my device
. The Find my device feature allows an administrator of a Windows device to find the location of that device from account.microsoft.com/devices. To enable Find my device, an administrator needs to be signed in with a Microsoft account and have the location setting enabled. This feature will work even if other users have denied access to location for all their apps. When the administrator attempts to locate the device, users will see a notification in the notification area.
Learn more about Find my device in Windows
.
Recording
. Some Windows devices have a recording feature that allows you to capture audio and video clips of your activity on the device, including your communications with others. If you choose to record a session, the recording will be saved locally on your device. In some cases, you may have the option to transmit the recording to a Microsoft product or service that broadcasts the recording publicly.
Important: You should understand your legal responsibilities before recording and/or transmitting any communication. This may include obtaining the prior consent of everyone participating in the conversation or any other authorizations as required.
Microsoft is not responsible for how you use recording features or your recordings.
Back to top
Narrator
Narrator is a built-in screen reader tool that helps you use Windows without a screen. Narrator offers intelligent image and page title description and web page summaries when you encounter undescribed images and ambiguous links.
When you choose to get an image description by pressing Narrator + Ctrl + D, the image will be sent to Microsoft to perform analysis of the image and generate a description. Images are used only to generate the description and are not stored by Microsoft.
When you choose to get page title descriptions by pressing Narrator + Ctrl + D, the URL of the site you are visiting will be sent to Microsoft to generate the page title description and to provide and improve Microsoft services, such as Bing services as described in the Bing section above.
When you choose to get a list of popular links for a web page by pressing Narrator + double press of S, the URL of the site you are visiting will be sent to Microsoft to generate the summary of popular links and to provide and improve Microsoft services, such as Bing.
You can disable these features at any time by going to
Narrator>Get image descriptions, page titles and popular links
in Settings in Windows.
You can also send feedback about Narrator to help Microsoft diagnose and resolve problems with Narrator and improve Microsoft products and services, such as Windows. Verbal feedback can be submitted at any time in Narrator by using Narrator Key + Alt + F. When you use this command, the Feedback Hub app will launch, giving you the opportunity to submit verbal feedback. If you enable the setting “Help Make Narrator Better” in the Windows settings app and submit verbal feedback through Feedback Hub, recent device and usage data, including event trace log (ETL) data, will be submitted along with your verbal feedback to improve Microsoft products and services, such as Windows.
Back to top
Phone Link - Link to Windows
The Phone Link feature lets you link your Android phone with your Microsoft Account and your iPhone via Bluetooth to connect to your Windows PC. Your Android device will link with your Microsoft Account and your iPhone will link via Bluetooth, enabling a variety of cross-device experiences across all your Windows devices where you are signed in or connected via Bluetooth. You can use Phone Link to see recent photos from your Android phone on your Windows device; make and receive live calls from your Android phone on your Windows device; view and send text messages from your Windows device; view, dismiss, or perform other actions to your Android phone notifications from your Windows device; share your phone screen on your Windows device through Phone Link’s mirroring function; and instantly access Android apps installed on your Android phone on your Windows device. You can use Phone Link to make and receive calls from your iPhone, view and send text messages, and view, dismiss, or perform other actions on your iPhone notification from your Windows device.
To use Phone Link, Link to Windows must be installed on your Android device. You may also optionally download Phone Link to your iPhone.
To use Phone Link, you must log into your Microsoft account on the Phone Link feature on your Windows device and on Link to Windows on your Android phone or Bluetooth enabled on your iPhone. Your Android phone and your Windows device must be connected to the internet. Some features will require you to enable Bluetooth and pair your phone with your PC. To use the Calls feature, your Android phone must also have Bluetooth enabled.
During setting up your Windows device, you can choose to link your phone with your Microsoft account. This is done by signing into Link to Windows on your Android phone, granting permissions and completing the onboarding experience. Once complete, Link to Windows will sync your data to all your Windows PCs where you have signed into your Microsoft account. See below for details on how your data is used.
As part of providing Phone Link’s features to you, Microsoft collects performance, usage, and device data that includes, for example, the hardware capabilities of your mobile phone and Windows device, the number and duration of your sessions on Phone Link, and the amount of time you spent during setup.
You can unlink your Android phone from your Windows device at any time by going into your Phone Link settings and choosing to remove your Android phone. You can do the same from the settings in Link to Windows on your Android phone. For detailed information, see
our support page
.
You can unlink your iPhone from your Windows device at any time by going into Phone Link settings and choosing to remove your iPhone. You can do the same from your iPhone by going into
Settings > Bluetooth > Selecting your PC name > click on the (i) icon >
and choosing
Forget This Device
. All users can remove the Bluetooth pairing by disabling the experiences.
Text Messages – Android devices.
Phone Link allows you to view text messages delivered to your Android phone on your Windows device and send text messages from your Windows device. Only text messages received and sent within the last 30 days are visible on your Windows device. These text messages are temporarily stored on your Windows device. We never store your text messages on our servers or change or delete any text messages on your Android phone. You can see messages sent via SMS (Short Message Service), MMS (Multimedia Messaging Service) on Android devices, and messages sent via RCS (Rich Communication Services) on select Samsung devices on select mobile operator networks. To provide this functionality, Phone Link accesses the content of your text messages and the contact information of the individuals or businesses from whom you are receiving or sending text messages.
Text Messages – iPhones.
Phone Link allows you to view text messages delivered to your iPhone on your Windows devices and send text messages from your Windows device. Only text messages received and sent within your Bluetooth session or iMessage are visible on your Windows devices. These text messages are temporarily stored on your Windows device. We never store your text messages on our servers or change or delete any text messages on your iPhone. You can see messages sent via SMS (Short Message Service). To provide this functionality, Phone Link accesses the content of your text messages and the contact information of the individuals or businesses from whom you are receiving or sending text messages.
Calls – Android devices.
Phone Link allows you to make and receive calls from your Android phone on your Windows device. Through Phone Link, you can also view your recent calls on your Windows device. To activate this feature, you must enable certain permissions on both your Windows device and Android phone, such as call logs access and permission to make phone calls from your PC. These permissions can be revoked at any time under the Phone Link Settings page on your Windows device and your Android phone's settings. Only calls received and dialed within the last 30 days are visible under call logs on your Windows device. These call details are temporarily stored on your Windows device. We do not change or delete your call history on your Android phone.
Calls – iPhones.
Phone Link allows you to make and receive calls from your iPhone on your Windows device. Through Phone Link, you can also view your recent calls on your Windows device. To activate this feature, you must enable Sync Contacts feature under Bluetooth settings on your iPhone. These call details are temporarily stored on your Windows device. We do not change or delete your call history on your iPhone.
Photos – Android devices.
Phone Link allows you to copy, share, edit, save, or delete photos from your Android phone on your Windows device. Only a limited number of your most recent photos from the Camera Roll and Screenshots folders on your Android phone will be visible on your Windows device at any given time. These photos are temporarily stored on your Windows device and as you take more photos on your Android phone, we remove the temporary copies of the older photos from your Windows device. We never store your photos on our servers or change or delete any photos on your Android phone.
Notifications – Android devices.
Phone Link allows you to view your Android phone’s notifications on your Windows device. Through Phone Link, you can read and dismiss your Android phone’s notifications from your Windows device or perform other actions related to the notifications. To activate this Phone Link feature, you must enable certain permissions, such as sync notifications, on both your Windows device and Android phone. These permissions can be revoked at any time under the Phone Link Settings page on your Windows device and your Android phone’s settings. For detailed information, see
our support page
.
Notifications – iPhones.
Phone Link allows you to view your iPhone’s notifications on your Windows device. Through Phone Link, you can read and dismiss your iPhone’s notifications from your Windows device or perform other actions related to the notifications. To activate this Phone Link feature, you must enable certain permissions such as sync notifications, on both your Windows device and iPhone. These permissions can be revoked at any time under the Phone Link Settings page on your Windows device and your iPhone’s Bluetooth settings.
Phone Screen Mirroring – Android devices.
On supported devices
, Phone Link allows you to view your Android phone’s screen on your Windows device. Your Android phone screen will be visible on your Windows device as a pixel stream and any audio that you enable on your Android phone screen while it is linked to your Windows device through Phone Link will play through your Android phone.
Apps mirroring – Android devices.
On supported devices, Phone Link allows you to use your Android apps that are installed on your Android phone on your Windows device. For example, you can launch a music app in your Windows session and listen to audio from that app on your PC speakers. Microsoft collects a list of your installed Android apps and recent activity to provide the service and show you your most recently used apps. Microsoft does not store what apps you have installed or any of the information displayed by the app in your experience with it.
Content transfer – Android devices.
On supported devices, Phone Link allows you to copy and paste contents such as files, documents, photos, etc. between your Android phone and your Windows device. You can transfer content from your Android phone to your Windows device and from your Windows device to your Android phone by drag and drop contents between the devices.
Instant Hotspot – Android devices.
On supported devices, Link to Windows enables users to share mobile hotspot information with their paired PC over secure Bluetooth communication. Your PC can then be connected to the internet through the Windows network flyout. Please note mobile data charges may apply depending on the mobile data plan you have.
Contacts sync – Android devices.
Link to Windows allows you to sync your Android contacts into the Microsoft cloud to access them in other Microsoft products and services. You can enable this feature by going into Link to Windows settings and enabling “Contacts sync” feature. Your contacts information is stored online and associated with your Microsoft account. You may choose to disable sync and delete these contacts at any time.
Learn more
.
Contacts sync – iPhone.
Phone Link allows you to sync your contacts from your iPhone to access them for messaging and calling. You can enable this feature by going into Bluetooth settings on your iPhone and toggle on Sync Contacts under your PC name after connecting your iPhone to Phone Link. You may choose to disable syncing at any time by toggling off Sync Contacts.
Text-to-voice.
Phone Link features include accessibility functionality such as text-to-voice. You can activate a text-to-voice feature, which allows you to hear the contents of a text message or notification as audio. If you activate this feature, your text messages and notifications will be read out loud as they are received.
Office Enterprise – Android Devices.
Link to Windows allows you to insert photos into web and desktop versions of select Microsoft 365 apps, such as PowerPoint, Excel, and Word directly from your mobile phone. This requires your IT Administrator to have enabled Optional Connected Experiences for Microsoft Office applications and you will need to associate your mobile device with your work or school account and provide Photos permission to your account. After onboarding, your session will last 15 minutes to enable you to transfer your Photos from your mobile device. To use this feature again, you will need to scan your QR code. Link to Windows does not collect your work or school account information or information about your Enterprise. In order to provide this service, Microsoft uses a cloud service to relay your files for the purpose of inserting the photos into web and desktop version of select Microsoft 365 apps, such as PowerPoint, Excel, and Word files.
Back to top
Cross-device experiences
Cross-device experiences in Windows allow you to access your mobile device from your PC using your Microsoft Account. These can be managed under “Mobile Devices” in the Bluetooth & Devices section in your Windows PC Settings. As part of providing these features, Microsoft collects performance usage and device data, including information about the hardware capabilities of your mobile and Windows devices. You can turn this feature on or off at any time in your Windows PC Settings.
Use your mobile device as a connected camera.
This feature allows you to use your mobile device’s camera in apps or products on Windows that support camera functionality. You can enable this feature under “Mobile Devices” in the Bluetooth & Devices section in the Settings on your PC. Microsoft does not record or store your camera sessions or any of the information displayed by your camera in any of the applications or products.
Get new photo notifications from your mobile device.
This feature allows you to receive notifications from your linked mobile device on your Windows PC. These photos are temporarily stored on your Windows PC while you are editing or opening those photos. You will need to initiate saving to your PC to store those photos until you decide to delete them. We never store your photos on our servers or change or delete any photos on your mobile device.
Show your mobile device in File Explorer
. This feature allows you to access your mobile device’s files in File Explorer. You can enable this feature under “Mobile Devices” in the Bluetooth & Devices section in the Settings on your PC. Microsoft will not store your file contents in its services.
Back to top
Security and safety features
Device encryption
. Device encryption helps protect the data stored on your device by encrypting it using BitLocker Drive Encryption technology. When device encryption is on, Windows automatically encrypts the drive Windows is installed on and generates a recovery key. The BitLocker recovery key for your personal device is automatically backed up online in your personal Microsoft OneDrive account. Microsoft doesn't use your individual recovery keys for any purpose.
Malicious Software Removal Tool
. The Malicious Software Removal Tool (MSRT) runs on your device at least once per month as part of Windows Update. MSRT checks devices for infections by specific, prevalent malicious software ("malware") and helps remove any infections found. When the MSRT runs, it will remove the malware listed on the Microsoft Support website if the malware is on your device. During a malware check, a report will be sent to Microsoft with specific data about malware detected, errors, and other data about your device. If you do not want MSRT to send this data to Microsoft, you can disable MSRT's reporting component.
Microsoft Family
. Parents can use Microsoft Family Safety to understand and set boundaries on how their child is using their device. Please carefully review the information at
Microsoft Family Safety
if choosing to create or join a family group. If you live in a region that requires permission to create an account to access Microsoft services, you may be prompted to request or give parental consent. If a user is under the statutory age in your region, during the registration process they will be prompted to request consent from a parent or guardian by entering an adult’s email. When Family activity reporting is turned on for a child, Microsoft will collect details about how the child uses their device and provide parents with reports of that child's activities. Activity reports are routinely deleted from Microsoft servers.
Microsoft Defender SmartScreen and Smart App Control
. Microsoft strives to help protect your device and passwords from unsafe apps, files, and web content.
Microsoft Defender SmartScreen helps protect you when using our services by identifying threats to you, your device, and your passwords. These threats might include potentially unsafe apps or web content that Microsoft Defender SmartScreen discovers while checking websites you visit, files you download, and apps you install and run. When Microsoft Defender SmartScreen checks web and app content, data about the content and your device is sent to Microsoft, including the full web address of the content. When additional analysis is needed to identify security threats, information about the suspicious website or app—such as content displayed, sounds played, and application memory—may be sent to Microsoft. This data will only be used for security purposes in detecting, protecting against, and responding to security incidents, identity theft, fraud, or other malicious, deceptive, or illegal activities. If Microsoft Defender SmartScreen detects that content is potentially unsafe, you will see a warning in place of the content. Microsoft Defender SmartScreen can be turned on or off in the Windows Security app.
Where supported, Smart App Control helps check software that is installed and runs on your device to determine if it is malicious, potentially unwanted, or poses other threats to you and your device. On a supported device, Smart App Control starts in evaluation mode and the data we collect for Microsoft Defender SmartScreen such as file name, a hash of the file’s contents, the download location, and the file’s digital certificates, is used to help determine whether your device is a good candidate to use Smart App Control for additional security protection. Smart App Control is not enabled and will not block during evaluation mode. Some devices may not be good candidates if Smart App Control would otherwise get in the way and interfere with a user’s otherwise intended and legitimate tasks – for instance, developers who use a lot of unsigned files. If you are a good candidate for Smart App Control, then it will automatically be turned on, and will provide additional protection to your device beyond Microsoft Defender SmartScreen. Otherwise, Smart App Control will be unavailable and permanently turned off. If your device is unsupported or not a good candidate for Smart App Control, Microsoft Defender SmartScreen will continue to help protect your device. When Smart App Control is enabled and identifies an app as malicious, potentially unwanted, or unknown and unsigned, it will block and notify you prior to opening, running, or installing the app.
Learn more about Smart App Control
.
When either Microsoft Defender SmartScreen or Smart App Control checks a file, data about that file is sent to Microsoft, including the file name, a hash of the file’s contents, the download location, and the file’s digital certificates.
Smart App Control can be turned on or off in the Windows Security app.
Microsoft Defender Antivirus
. Microsoft Defender Antivirus looks for malware and other unwanted software, potentially unwanted apps, and other malicious content on your device. Microsoft Defender Antivirus is automatically turned on to help protect your device if no other antimalware software is actively protecting your device. If Microsoft Defender Antivirus is turned on, it will monitor the security status of your device. When Microsoft Defender Antivirus is turned on, or is running because Limited Periodic Scanning is enabled, it will automatically send reports to Microsoft that contain data about suspected malware and other unwanted software, potentially unwanted apps, and other malicious content, and it may also send files that could contain malicious content, such as malware or unknown files for further inspection. If a report is likely to contain personal data, the report is not sent automatically, and you'll be prompted before it is sent. You can configure Microsoft Defender Antivirus not to send reports and suspected malware to Microsoft.
Back to top
Speech, Voice Activation, Inking, and Typing
Speech
. Microsoft provides both a device-based speech recognition feature and cloud-based (online) speech recognition technologies.
Turning on the Online speech recognition setting lets apps use Microsoft cloud-based speech recognition. Additionally, in Windows 10, the Online speech recognition setting enables your ability to use dictation within Windows.
Turning on speech while setting up a HoloLens device or installing Windows Mixed Reality allows you to use your voice for commands, dictation, and app interactions. Both device-based speech recognition and online speech recognition settings will be enabled. With both settings enabled, while your headset is turned on the device will always be listening to your voice input and will send your voice data to Microsoft’s cloud-based speech recognition technologies.
When you use cloud-based speech recognition technologies from Microsoft, whether enabled by the Online speech recognition setting or when you interact with HoloLens or voice typing, Microsoft collects and uses your voice recordings to provide the speech recognition service by creating a text transcription of the spoken words in the voice data. Microsoft will not store, sample, or listen to your voice recordings without your permission. To learn more about how Microsoft manages your voice data, see
Speech recognition technologies
.
You can use device-based speech recognition without sending your voice data to Microsoft. However, Microsoft cloud-based speech recognition technologies provide more accurate recognition than the device-based speech recognition. When the online speech recognition setting is turned off, speech services that do not rely on the cloud and only use device-based recognition—like live captions, Narrator, or voice access—will still work and Microsoft won’t collect any voice data.
You can turn off online speech recognition at any time. This will stop any apps that rely on the Online speech recognition setting from sending your voice data to Microsoft. If you are using a HoloLens or Windows Mixed Reality headset, you can also turn off device-based speech recognition at any time. This will stop the device from listening for your voice input.
Learn more about speech recognition in Windows
.
Voice Activation
. Windows provides supported apps with the ability to respond and take action based on voice keywords that are specific to that app.
If you’ve given permission for an app to listen for voice keywords, Windows will be actively listening to the microphone for these keywords. Once a keyword is recognized, the app will have access to your voice recording, can process the recording, take action, and respond, such as with a spoken answer. The app may send the voice recording to its own services in the cloud to process the commands. Each app should ask you for permission before accessing voice recordings.
Additionally, voice activation can be enabled when the device is locked. If enabled, the relevant app will continue listening to the microphone for voice keywords when you have locked your device and can activate for anyone who speaks near the device. When the device is locked, the app will have access to the same set of capabilities and information as when the device is unlocked.
You can turn off voice activation at any time.
Learn more about voice activation in Windows
.
Even when you’ve turned off voice activation, some third-party desktop apps and services could still be listening to the microphone and collect your voice input.
Learn more about third-party desktop apps and how they may still be able to access your microphone even with these settings turned off
.
Voice typing
. In Windows 11, dictation has been updated and renamed as voice typing. Voice typing may use both device-based and online speech recognition technologies to power its speech-to-text transcription service. You can also choose to contribute voice clips to help improve voice typing. If you choose not to contribute voice clips, you can still use voice typing. You can change your selection anytime in the voice typing settings. Microsoft will not store, sample, or listen to your voice recordings without your permission.
Learn more about Microsoft and your voice data
.
Voice access
. Windows enables everyone, including people with mobility disabilities, to control their PC and author text using their voice. For example, voice access supports scenarios like opening and switching between apps, browsing the web, and reading and authoring mail. Voice access leverages modern, on-device speech recognition to accurately recognize speech and is supported without an internet connection. When a user invokes voice access it uses the device microphone.
Learn more about voice access
.
Inking & Typing Personalization
. Your typed and handwritten words are collected to provide you with a custom word list, better character recognition to help you type and write on your device, and text suggestions that appear as you type or write.
You can turn off inking & typing personalization at any time. This will delete your customer word list stored on your device. If you turn it back on, you’ll need to recreate your custom word list.
Learn more about inking & typing personalization in Windows
.
Back to top
Sync and backup settings
When you sign into Windows with your Microsoft account, Windows can store your settings, files, and device configuration data in Microsoft’s servers. Windows will only use the stored settings, files, and device configuration data to make it easier for you to migrate your experience on a different device.
You can turn off this feature and stop Windows from storing your settings, files, and configuration data from the Windows settings. You can delete the data that has been backed up previously to your Microsoft account, by visiting
your Microsoft Account Devices page
.
Learn more about Windows backup and sync settings
.
Back to top
Update Services
Update Services for Windows includes Windows Update and Microsoft Update. Windows Update is a service that provides you with software updates for Windows software and other supporting software, such as drivers and firmware supplied by device manufacturers. Microsoft Update is a service that provides you with software updates for other Microsoft software such as Microsoft 365.
Windows Update automatically downloads Windows software updates to your device. You can configure Windows Update to automatically install these updates as they become available (recommended) or have Windows notify you when a restart is required to finish installing updates. Apps available through the Microsoft Store are automatically updated through the Microsoft Store, as described in the
Microsoft Store
section of this privacy statement.
Back to top
Web browsers—Microsoft Edge Legacy and Internet Explorer
This section applies to legacy versions of Microsoft Edge (versions 44 and below). See the
Microsoft Edge
section of the Privacy Statement for information about non-legacy versions of Microsoft Edge.
Microsoft Edge is the default web browser for Windows. Internet Explorer, the legacy browser from Microsoft, is also available in Windows. Whenever you use a web browser to access the internet, data about your device ("standard device data") is sent to the websites you visit and online services you use. Standard device data includes your device's IP address, browser type and language, access times, and referring website addresses. This data might be logged on those websites' web servers. Which data is logged and how that data is used depends on the privacy practices of the websites you visit and web services you use. Additionally, Microsoft Edge sends a unique browser ID to certain websites to enable us to develop aggregate data used to improve browser features and services.
Additionally, data about how you use your browser, such as your browsing history, web form data, temporary internet files, and cookies, is stored on your device. You can delete this data from your device using Delete Browsing History.
Microsoft Edge allows you to capture and save content on your device, such as:
Web note
. Allows you to create ink and text annotations on the webpages you visit, and clip, save, or share them.
Active reading
. Allows you to create and manage reading lists, including websites or documents.
Hub
. Allows you to easily manage your reading lists, favorites, downloads, and history all in one area.
Website Pin to Taskbar
. Allows you to pin your favorite websites to the Windows taskbar. Websites will be able to see which of their webpages you have pinned, so they can provide you a notification badge letting you know there is something new for you to check out on their websites.
Some Microsoft browser information saved on your device will be synced across other devices when you sign in with your Microsoft account so you can access your data on all your signed-in browsers across your devices. For instance, in Internet Explorer, this information includes your browsing history and favorites; and in Microsoft Edge, it includes your favorites, reading lists, autofill form entries (such as your name, address, and phone number), and may include data for extensions that you have installed. As an example, if you sync your Microsoft Edge reading list across devices, copies of the content you choose to save to your reading list will be sent to each synced device for later viewing. You can disable syncing in Internet Explorer by going to
Start
>
Settings
>
Accounts
>
Sync your settings
. (For more information, see the
Sync settings
section of this privacy statement.) You can also disable syncing of Microsoft Edge browser information by turning off the sync option in Microsoft Edge Settings.
Microsoft Edge and Internet Explorer use your search queries and browsing history to provide you with faster browsing and more relevant search results. These features include:
Search suggestions
in Internet Explorer automatically sends the information you type into the browser address bar to your default search provider (such as Bing) to offer search recommendations as you type each character.
Search and site suggestions
in Microsoft Edge automatically sends the information you type into the browser address bar to Bing (even if you have selected another default search provider) to offer search recommendations as you type each character.
You can turn off these features at any time. In order to provide search results, Microsoft Edge and Internet Explorer send your search queries, standard device information, and location (if you have location enabled) to your default search provider when the app is used. If Bing is your default search provider, we use this data as described in the
Bing
section of this privacy statement.
Back to top
Windows AI Features
Click to Do
Click to Do can run in partnership with Recall or as a stand-alone feature. Once started, you can use Click to Do to capture and analyze screenshots and identify the presence of text and images, then allowing you to take relevant actions for each. For instance, Click to Do can give you options to edit a screenshot image, or revise or rework text that it captures. Click to Do is unable to identify the content of the text or images identified within a screenshot, but you can use local AI and other tools to modify the content if you wish. Everything remains on your local device unless you make an explicit choice, like sending an image off to Bing for a search, asking Click to Do to provide a summary of text the user has selected (in which case it will be sent to Microsoft’s Azure AI cloud service), or using another local AI or other tool to modify a Click to Do screenshot.
Click to Do also allows you to use your microphone to search for text within a capture screenshot. When you click on the microphone button, Click to Do starts listening to what’s said, which is entered into the Search box, and will highlight all the matches from the search. The audio captured by the microphone is not transmitted off your device.
Windows Recall
Recall is a Windows feature only available in CoPilot+ PCs that allows users to find things they've seen on their device using the text and visual clues they remember. To use Recall, a user must opt-in to save snapshots on their Copilot+ PC, which are images of everything open and visible on the user’s screen and include associated metadata such as the app name and time-date stamp. All data is stored locally on the device and is protected with Windows Hello Enhanced Sign-in Security (ESS), which provides more secure biometric sign-ins and helps ensure only the customer can have access to their information. Every time a user launches Recall they will be asked to authenticate using Windows Hello biometric sign-in or PIN before the contents of the snapshot folder will decrypt. Click to Do runs on top of snapshots in Recall and helps the user get things done faster by allowing them to take actions with their content, either images or text, on the screen. The analysis of snapshots is always performed locally on the device and the actions available to take change based on what kind of content is detected.
Recall also allows you to use your Copilot+ PC device microphone as a way to search for text within captured snapshots. When you click on the microphone button located inside the Search input box within the Recall window, it starts listening to what’s said and enters it into the Search box. The microphone remains in use until you pause your speech, at which point it is turned off until you explicitly press the microphone button again. All the matches from the search will be highlighted in the results. The audio captured by the microphone is not transmitted off your device.
Data captured by Recall including personal data (e.g., snapshots, metadata, processing results, and user queries) remain local to the device within your signed-in account on the Copilot+ PC, and is not transmitted off the device unless you take certain action. For example, if you copy and paste a snapshot into another app, or choose to include a snapshot when submitting feedback through the Windows Feedback Hub. The only way Recall content can be shared with anyone is by explicit on-device action taken by the user.
You can control your content (such as Snapshots, metadata, search queries, and history) by pausing or deleting snapshots, filtering content, or using a supported browser in privacy mode. Learn more about your privacy and control over your Recall experience
here
.
In addition to the Recall search feature, Recall also has a timeline, in which your snapshots are organized chronologically and visualized in a horizontal scrollbar that you can use to find and leverage your past activities on your PC. In addition to the features available within the timeline, you can delete snapshots from this view, either individually or by all snapshots containing a website domain (e.g., all from www.bing.com) or those from a specific app.
Recall also has a Sensitive Content filter that is on by default to help prevent the retention of information that might be more delicate in nature (e.g., credit card numbers, state issued ID numbers, etc.). Users can turn this filter off if they wish in Windows Settings.
Back to top
Windows apps
A number of Microsoft apps are included with Windows and others are available in Microsoft Store. Some of those apps include:
Maps app
. The Maps app provides location-based services and uses Bing services to process your searches within the Maps app. When the Maps app has access to your location, and you have enabled location-based services in Windows, when you use the “@” key to initiate a search in supported text boxes in Windows apps, Bing services collects the text you type after the “@” key to provide location-based suggestions. To learn more about these Bing-powered experiences, see the
Bing
section of this privacy statement. When the Maps app has access to your location, even when the app is not in use, Microsoft may collect de-identified location data from your device to improve Microsoft services. You can disable the Maps app's access to your location by turning off the location service or turning off the Maps app's access to the location service.
You can keep track of your favorite places and recent map searches in the Maps app. Your favorite places and search history will be included as search suggestions. If you grant the Maps app access to your camera, you’ll be able to capture the location of where your photos took place – for instance, a photo of your car will also tell you where your car is parked. You can also share your location with other people in your contacts. If you're signed in with your Microsoft account, your favorite places, search history, and certain app settings will be synced across other devices and services. For more information, see the
Sync and backup settings
section of this privacy statement.
Camera app
. If you allow the Camera app to use your location, location data is embedded in the photos and videos you take with your device. Other descriptive data, such as camera model and the date that the picture or video was taken, is also embedded in photos and videos. If you choose to share a photo or video, any embedded data will be accessible to the people and services you share with. Once enabled, you can always disable the Camera app's access to your location by turning off all access to the location service in your device's Settings menu or turning off the Camera app's access to the location service.
When the Camera app is open, it shows rectangles detected by the selected camera for areas in the image that are potentially used for image enhancement. The Camera app does not retain any image enhancing data. You can always change your camera access settings in the Windows Settings menu. The Camera app uses various device capabilities such as location, camera, microphone, video, and picture library. Please visit
Microsoft Store
to learn more.
Photos app
. There are two versions of the Photos app available. The updated Photos app includes features like iCloud integration and local and cloud folder views. The previous legacy version of the Photos app includes features like Video Editor, the People tab, and Albums. You are using the updated Photos app if the “About” section in the Photos app settings indicates the app is the “Updated” Photos app. In some cases, a user may have both the updated Photos app and the Photos legacy version downloaded on their device.
The updated Photos app helps you organize, view, and share your photos and videos. For example, the Photos app presents different ways to group photos and videos by name, date taken, or date modified, and also in folders where those files are stored, such as stored locally on your device or synced to your device from OneDrive, iCloud, and other cloud services. The app also allows you to move, copy or upload files to different locations on your computer or to OneDrive. The All Photos tab displays your locally stored or synced photos and videos according to the date they are taken. The Favorites tab lets you view photos and videos you previously liked or favorited. The Folders tab allows you to view photos or videos by their storage location. There are also tabs where you can see your photos and videos from available cloud services (such as OneDrive and other third-party services) that you have synced to your device.
The Photos legacy app also helps you organize, view, and share your photos and videos. However, if you are using the Photos legacy app, you may see other features that are not available in the newer version of the Photos app, including Collections, Albums, Video Editor and the People setting. The Collection tab displays photos and videos according to the date they are taken. The Albums tab helps you organize your photos and videos by location and common tags. The Video Editor allows you to edit, create, and share videos.
The People setting can be enabled on the Photos legacy app's Settings page and in the People tab of the app. When enabled, the Photos legacy app will use face grouping technology to organize your photos and videos into groups. The grouping feature can detect faces in a photo or video and determine whether they are visually similar to faces in other photos and videos in your local photo collection. You can choose to associate a facial grouping with a contact from your People app.
When enabled in the Photos legacy app, your groupings will be stored on your device for as long as you choose to keep the groupings or the photos or videos. If the People setting is turned on, there will be a prompt to allow the Photos legacy app to continue to permit facial groupings after three years of non-interaction with the Photos legacy app. At any time, you can go to the Settings page in the Photos legacy app to turn the People setting on or off. Turning the feature off will remove facial grouping data from the Photos legacy app but will not remove your photos or videos.
Learn more about the Photos legacy app and facial grouping
.
If you choose to share a photo or video using the Photos app or the Photos legacy app, any embedded data (such as location, camera model, and date) will be accessible to the people and services you share the photo or video with.
People app
. The People app lets you see and interact with all your contacts in one place. When you add an account to the People app, your contacts from your account will be automatically added to the People app. You can add other accounts to the People app, including your social networks (such as Facebook and Twitter) and email accounts. When you add an account, we tell you what data the People app can import or sync with the particular service and let you choose what you want to add. Other apps you install may also sync data to the People app, including providing additional details to existing contacts. When you view a contact in the People app, information about your recent interactions with the contact (such as emails and calendar events, including from apps that the People app syncs data from) will be retrieved and displayed to you. You can remove an account from the People app at any time.
Mail and Calendar app
. The Mail and Calendar app allows you to connect all your email, calendars, and files in one place, including those from third-party email and file storage providers. The app provides location-based services, such as weather information in your calendar, but you can disable the app’s use of your location. When you add an account to the Mail and Calendar app, your email, calendar items, files, contacts, and other settings from your account will automatically sync to your device and to Microsoft servers. At any time, you can remove an account or make changes to the data that’s synced from your account. To configure an account, you must provide the app with the account credentials (such as user name and password), which will be sent over the internet to the third-party provider’s server. The app will first attempt to use a secure (SSL) connection to configure your account but will send this information unencrypted if your email provider does not support SSL. If you add an account provided by an organization (such as a company email address), the owner of the organizational domain can implement certain policies and controls (for example, multi-factor authentication or the ability to remotely wipe data from your device) that may affect your use of the app. This app uses your device capabilities such as location, camera. Please visit
Microsoft Store
to learn more.
Windows Operator Messages (previously Microsoft Messaging) app
. The Windows Operator Messages app receives and shows account-related SMS texts from your mobile operator about your data plan (such as your billing and data limits) on your PC or device. These messages are stored locally on your device. From your device, you can also access, view, and delete these messages. This app uses your device capabilities such as Contacts. Please visit Microsoft Store on Windows to learn more.
The Clock app
is your hub for time management and focus on Windows. When users sign in with their Microsoft account they can enable Microsoft To Do which is a cloud connected experience. When the user turns on Focus Session, session data is stored locally and user can clear it by going to the clock settings page. Additionally, Focus Sessions supports connecting to Spotify accounts to listen to ambient audio to help users focus. Visit
Microsoft Store
to learn more.
Microsoft Journal
is a Windows application specifically designed for touch-focused, pen-capable devices such as tablets and 2-in-1 devices. It provides users with freeform personal note-taking experience. The app leverages artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning to better recognize your handwriting that processes data locally on your device. When connected to Microsoft 365 (subscription required), users can seamlessly access their M365 calendar and contacts within the app. All user created content is automatically saved at the default save location in the document library for future reference. Journal lets you access photos library and the device camera and microphone so that you can add them to a workbook. Learn about Journal app
here
or visit
Microsoft Store
to learn more.
The
Mobile plans
app helps you get online easily and in more places on your Windows 10 PC and 11 LTE devices. Upon signing up for a data plan on your device, it establishes a connection with the mobile operator, enabling you to complete purchases through the mobile operator’s online portal. You will need a supported SIM card in order to use this app. The Mobile Plan App will use your IMEI, IMSI, EID, ICCID, and Country (coarse location determined by Cellular Network ID or Wi-Fi Reverse IP) to determine which mobile operators are available in your area. The mobile operator may send notifications to users through the Mobile Plans App. This app uses your device’s capabilities such as its camera and microphone. Visit
Microsoft Store
to learn more.
Microsoft PC Manager
is available in select regions and is a desktop tool aimed at boosting your PC’s performance. Based on your request, PC Manager will scan your device, and allows you to delete unneeded or temporary documents, optimize cache, stop or recover from unauthorized changes, or use other features such as health check, one-click boost, storage clean-up, file and pop-up management, and protection of your default settings.
PC Manager will block pop-ups based on ad-block rules and the pop-up windows selected by you through custom block. If you agree to join the “Microsoft PC Manager Pop-up Plan,” when you block pop-up windows through custom block, you can help us optimize the pop-up management feature of Microsoft PC Manager by taking screenshots of the pop-up and sending them to Microsoft. Microsoft does not collect information other than screenshots, Windows title, and the class of Windows. Screenshots sent are only retained for a short period of time and regularly deleted. You can manage your Pop-Up Plan preferences through the PC Manager settings at anytime. The feedback feature in PC Manager may also process personal data if you include it in the feedback you provide to Microsoft. The feedback from users is regularly deleted after processing. Visit
Microsoft Store
to learn more.
The
Snipping Tool
is a handy utility in Windows that uses your microphone and pictures library to capture and store screenshots and screen recordings. The Snipping Tool includes a Text Action feature, which uses built-in optical character recognition (OCR) support. You can select and copy text directly from images using OCR. Additionally, you can use the Text Action feature to redact sensitive information from captured text. With clipboard integration items copied from the Snipping Tool are also copied to your clipboard. If you enable clipboard history across devices, the copied content can be used seamlessly across different devices. Users can manage their clipboard and snipping preferences through the Windows settings. Visit
Microsoft Store
to learn more.
The
Sound Recorder app
is a versatile tool designed for capturing audio via your microphone in various scenarios. While recording, you can mark key moments to easily locate important sections later. You can also trim, adjust volume levels, or apply other modifications as needed, and playback your recordings. Your recordings are autosaved and stored in your Documents folder for easy access, and you can share your recorded audio with friends and family. Visit
Microsoft Store
to learn more.
Microsoft Clipchamp
is a video editor designed to make video creation easy. It allows users to combine videos, images, and audio files, as well as add text and effects, and then save the finished video to their device, or store their videos in their personal OneDrive via their Microsoft account. Users can also add stock videos and stock music or sound effects, stickers, graphical elements, backgrounds, and more. Users can choose to allow Clipchamp to access their camera and microphone to record videos directly from their device. To provide a better experience, such as which language to display to you, Clipchamp will collect your imprecise location. Users can access Clipchamp with a personal or family Microsoft account via the Clipchamp app for Windows 10 or Windows 11 and in the Edge or Chrome browser at
https://app.clipchamp.com
.
Media Player
is the default built-in player of multimedia (audio and video) files. When you choose to open a multimedia file, Media Player will read the contents of that file. When you open Media Player, it will read the contents of your Music library and Video library folders to populate its own Music library and Video library pages inside the Media Player to help you organize, view, and play multimedia content.
To enrich your experience when playing music, Media Player will automatically attempt to display artist art and album art for the content you play and the content in your music library. To provide this information, Media Player sends an information request to Microsoft containing standard device data, such as your device IP address, device software version, your regional and language settings, and an identifier for the content. If desired, this feature can be disabled on the app’s Settings page.
Movies and TV.
Microsoft Movies & TV allows you to rent or buy movies and TV episodes, and play them on your device.
To help you discover content that may interest you, Movies & TV will collect data about what movies and TV shows you watch, including the length of play and any ratings you give.
Movies & TV can also display and play local video files stored on your PC. To do this, it needs access to the video library on your device.
Windows Media Player Legacy.
When you use Windows Media Player Legacy, it can read media content such as video, audio, and picture files which allows you to play CDs and other digital content (such as video and audio files), rip CDs, and manage your media library. To enrich your experience when you play content in your library, Windows Media Player Legacy displays related media information, such as album title, song titles, album art, artist, and composer. To augment your media information, Windows Media Player Legacy will send a request to Microsoft which contains standard computer information, an identifier for the media content, and the media information already contained in your Windows Media Player Legacy library (including information you may have edited or entered yourself) so that Microsoft can recognize the track and then return additional information that is available.
Windows Media Player Legacy also allows you to play back content that is streamed to you over a network. To provide this service, it is necessary for Windows Media Player Legacy to communicate with a streaming media server. These servers are typically operated by non-Microsoft content providers. During playback of streaming media, Windows Media Player Legacy will send a log to the streaming media server or other web server(s) if the streaming media server requests it. The log includes such details as: connection time, IP address, operating system version, Windows Media Player Legacy version, Player identification number (Player ID), date, and protocol. To protect your privacy, Windows Media Player Legacy defaults to sending a Player ID that is different for each session.
Back to top
Windows Hello
Windows Hello provides instant access to your devices through biometric authentication. If you turn it on, Windows Hello uses your face, fingerprint, or iris to identify you based on a set of unique points or features that are extracted from the image and stored on your device as a template—but it does not store the actual image of your face, fingerprint, or iris. Biometric verification data that's used when you sign in doesn't leave your device. Your biometric verification data will remain on your device until you remove it. However, after a significant period of Windows Hello inactivity, you will be prompted to confirm that you want to continue to store your biometric verification data. You can delete your biometric verification data from within Settings. Learn more about
Windows Hello
.
Back to top
Windows Search
Windows Search lets you search your stuff and the web from one place. If you choose to use Windows Search to search "your stuff," it will provide results for items on your personal OneDrive, your OneDrive for Business if so enabled, other cloud storage providers to the extent supported by those third-party providers, and on your device. If you choose to use Windows Search to search the web, or get search suggestions with Windows Search, your search results will be powered by Bing and we will use your search query as described in the
Bing
section of this privacy statement.
Learn more about search in Windows
.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Entertainment and related services
Entertainment and Related Services power rich experiences and enable you to access a variety of content, applications and games.
Entertainment and Related Services power rich experiences and enable you to access a variety of content, applications and games.
Xbox
The Xbox network is the online gaming and entertainment service from Microsoft that consists of software and enables online experiences across different platforms. This service lets you find and play games, view content, and connect with friends on Xbox and other gaming and social networks.
When you sign up for an Xbox profile, we assign you a gamertag (a public nickname) and a unique identifier. When you sign in on Xbox devices, apps, and services, the data we collect about your use is stored using these unique identifier(s).
Xbox consoles are devices you can use to find and play games, movies, music, and other digital entertainment. When you sign in to Xbox experiences—in apps or on a console—we also assign a unique identifier to your device. When your Xbox console is connected to the internet, for instance, and you sign in to the console, we identify which console and which version of the console’s operating system you’re using.
Data we collect
about your use of Xbox services, games, apps, and consoles includes:
When you sign in and sign out of Xbox, any purchases you make, and content you obtain.
Which games you play and apps you use, your game progress, achievements, play time per game, and other play statistics.
Performance data about Xbox consoles, Xbox Game Pass and other Xbox apps, the Xbox network, connected accessories, and your network connection, including any software or hardware errors.
Content you add, upload, or share through the Xbox network, including text, pictures, and video you capture in games and apps.
Social activity, including chat data and interactions with other gamers, and connections you make (friends you add and people who follow you) on the Xbox network.
If you sign in to use Xbox on another device capable of accessing the Xbox network, and that device includes a storage device (hard drive or memory unit), usage data will be stored on the storage device and sent to Microsoft the next time you sign in to Xbox, even if you’ve been playing offline.
Data we collect enables us to provide you with our services and with curated experiences. This includes connecting you to games, content, and services, as well as presenting you with offers, discounts, and recommendations. To change your settings for these recommendations, visit
Xbox online safety and privacy settings
page.
Camera and Microphone
. While using Xbox, players can use the device’s capabilities such as the microphone, camera and screen recording to improve their gaming experience. When an Xbox game is played in the Windows Game Bar, the camera and microphone may be used, including to read photos and videos and to capture and record screenshots.
Xbox diagnostic data
. Diagnostic data has two categories: required and optional.
Required
. Xbox will send required data to Microsoft. The minimum data necessary to help keep Xbox safe, secure, up to date, and performing as expected.
Optional
. Optional data is additional data that you choose to share with Microsoft. Optional data may include additional details about the operation, usage, and performance of your Xbox products and services, as well as enhanced error reporting.
Learn more at
Manage settings for optional data sharing
.
Game captures
. Any player in a multiplayer game session can record video (game clips) and capture screenshots of their view of the game play. Other players’ game clips and screenshots can capture your in-game character and gamertag during that session. If a player captures game clips and screenshots on a PC, the resulting game clips might also capture audio chat.
Captioning
. During Xbox real-time (“party”) chat, players may activate a voice-to-text feature that lets them view that chat as text. If a player activates this feature, all voice communication in the party is captioned for the player. Microsoft uses the resulting text data to provide captioning of chat for players who need it, as well as the other purposes described in this statement.
Xbox data viewable by others
. Your gamertag, game and play statistics, achievements, presence (whether you are currently signed in to Xbox), content you share, and other data about your activity on Xbox can be seen by:
Other players signed in to Xbox.
Customers of third-party services you’ve linked your profile to, or
Other services associated with Xbox (including those of partner companies).
For example, your gamertag and scores that show on game leaderboards are considered public and cannot be hidden. For other data, you can adjust your privacy settings on consoles and at
Xbox.com
to limit or block what is shared with the public or with friends.
Learn more at
Xbox online safety and privacy settings
.
Xbox data shared with third parties including game and apps publishers
. When you use an Xbox online game or any network-connected app on your Xbox console, PC, or mobile device, the publisher of that game or app has access to data about your usage to help the publisher deliver, support, and improve its product. This data may include: your Xbox user identifier, gamertag, limited account info such as country and age range, data about your in-game communications, any Xbox enforcement activity, game-play sessions (for example, moves made in-game, types of vehicles used in-game), your presence on the Xbox network, the time you spend playing the game or app, rankings, statistics, gamer profiles, avatars, or gamerpics, friends lists, activity feeds for official clubs you belong to, official club memberships, and any content you create or submit in the game or app.
Third-party publishers and developers of games and apps have their own distinct and independent relationship with users and their collection and usage of personal data is subject to their specific privacy policies. You should carefully review their policies to determine how they use the data. For example, publishers may choose to disclose or display game data (such as on leaderboards) through their own services. You may find their policies linked from game or app detail pages in the Microsoft Store.
Learn more at
Data Sharing with Games and Apps
.
To stop sharing game or app data with a publisher, remove its games or app from all devices where you have installed them. Some publisher access to your data may be revoked at
https://microsoft.com/consent
.
Children and family
. If you have kids who want to use the Xbox network, you can set up child and teen profiles for them once they have Microsoft accounts. Adult organizers in your Microsoft family group can change consent choices and online safety settings for child and teen profiles on
Xbox.com
.
Learn more about Microsoft family groups at
Simplify your family’s life
.
Learn more about managing Xbox profiles, at
Xbox online safety and privacy settings
.
For more information about Microsoft’s collection of data from children, including Xbox, please see the
Collection of data from children
section of this privacy statement.
Safety
. In order to help make the Xbox network a safe gaming environment and enforce the Community Standards for Xbox, we may collect and review voice, text, images, videos and in-game content (such as game clips you upload, conversations you have, and things you post in clubs and games).
Anti-cheat and fraud prevention
. Providing a fair gameplay environment is important to us. We prohibit cheating, hacking, account stealing, and any other unauthorized or fraudulent activity when you use an Xbox online game or any network-connected app on your Xbox console, PC, or mobile device. In order to detect and prevent fraud and cheating, we may use anti-cheat and fraud prevention tools, applications, and other technologies. Such technologies may create digital signatures (known as “hashes”) using certain information collected from your Xbox console, PC, or mobile device, and how you use that device. This can include information about the browser, device, activities, game identifiers, and operating system.
Legacy
.
Xbox 360
. This Xbox console collects limited required diagnostic data to keep your console functioning as expected while using a console connected to the Xbox network.
Kinect
. The Kinect sensor is a combination of camera, microphone, and infrared sensor that can enable motions and voice to be used to control gameplay. For example:
If you choose, the camera can be used to sign you in to the Xbox network automatically using facial recognition. This data stays on the console and is not shared with anyone, and you can choose to delete this data from your console at any time.
For game play, Kinect will map distances between your body's joints to create a stick figure representation of you that helps Kinect enable play.
The Kinect microphone can enable voice chat between players during play. The microphone also enables voice commands for control of the console, game, or app, or to enter search terms.
The Kinect sensor can also be used for audio and video communications through services such as Skype.
Learn more about Kinect at
Xbox Kinect and Privacy
.
Back to top
Microsoft Store
Microsoft Store is an online service, accessible via PC, the Xbox Console and the Xbox App, that allows you to browse, download, purchase, rate, and review applications and other digital content. It includes:
Apps and content for Windows devices such as phones, PCs, and tablets.
Games, subscriptions and other apps for Xbox consoles and other devices.
Products and apps for Microsoft 365, SharePoint, Exchange, Access, and Project (2013 versions or later).
We collect data about how you access and use Microsoft Store; the products you've viewed, purchased, or installed; the preferences you set for viewing apps in Microsoft Store; and any ratings, reviews, or problem reports you submit. Your Microsoft account is associated with your ratings and reviews; and if you write a review, the name and picture from your Microsoft account will be published with your review. Microsoft Store uses the region configured on your device to show relevant and eligible content and merchandising. Microsoft Store uses your device identifier to manage product rights tied to a specific device.
Permission for Microsoft Store apps
. Many apps you install from the Microsoft Store are designed to take advantage of specific hardware and software features of your device. An app's use of certain hardware and software features may give the app or its related service access to your data. For example, a photo editing app might access your device's camera to let you take a new photo or access photos or videos stored on your device for editing, and a restaurant guide might use your location to provide nearby recommendations. Information about the features that an app uses is provided on the app's product description page in Microsoft Store. Many of the features that Microsoft Store apps use can be turned on or off through your device’s privacy settings. In Windows, in many cases, you can choose which apps can use a particular feature. Go to
Start > Settings > Privacy or Privacy & Security
, select the feature (for example, Calendar), and then select which app permissions are on or off. The lists of apps in Windows privacy settings that can use hardware and software features will not include "Classic Windows" applications, and these applications are not affected by these settings.
App updates
. Unless you have turned off automatic app updates in the relevant Microsoft Store settings or have acquired an app provided and updated by the app developer, Microsoft Store will automatically check for, download, and install app updates to verify that you have the latest versions. Updated apps might use different Windows hardware and software features from the previous versions, which could give them access to different data on your device. You will be prompted for consent if an updated app accesses certain features, such as location. You can also review the hardware and software features an app uses by viewing its product description page in Microsoft Store.
Each app's use of your data collected through any of these features is subject to the app developer's privacy policies. If an app available through Microsoft Store collects and uses any of your personal data, the app developer is required to provide a privacy policy, and a link to the privacy policy is available on the app's product description page in Microsoft Store.
Sideloaded apps and developer mode
. Developer features such as the "developer mode" setting are intended for development use only. If you enable developer features, your device may become unreliable or unusable, and expose you to security risks. Downloading or otherwise acquiring apps from sources other than Microsoft Store, also known as "sideloading" apps, may make your device and personal data more vulnerable to attack or unexpected use by apps. Windows policies, notifications, permissions, and other features intended to help protect your privacy when apps access your data may not function as described in this statement for sideloaded apps or when developer features are enabled.
Back to top
Microsoft Start
Microsoft Start (formerly known as MSN or Microsoft News) is a content service that includes news, weather, sports, and finance. The Microsoft Start app is available on various platforms, including iOS and Android. The Microsoft Start service is also included within other Microsoft services, including the Microsoft Edge browser and widgets on Windows.
When you install the Microsoft Start, MSN Weather, or Microsoft News apps, we collect data that tells us if the app was installed properly, the installation date, the app version, and other data about your device such as the operating system and browser. This data is collected on a regular basis to help us determine the number of app users and identify performance issues associated with different app versions, operating systems, and browsers. When you use the weather app, we use your location to provide you with relevant weather content.
We also collect data about how you interact with Microsoft Start content, such as usage frequency and articles viewed, to provide you with relevant content. Microsoft Start provides an enhanced experience when you sign in with your Microsoft account, including allowing you to customize your interests and favorites. We use your location to provide you with relevant content such as local weather and news. You can manage personalization through Microsoft Start and Bing settings, as well as through settings in other Microsoft services that include Microsoft Start services. We also use the data we collect to provide you with advertisements that may be of interest to you. You can opt out of interest-based advertising through the advertising links within Microsoft Start services, or by visiting the Microsoft
opt-out page
.
Previous versions of MSN Money allow you to access personal finance information from third-party financial institutions. MSN Money only displays this information and does not store it on our servers. Your sign-in credentials used to access your financial information from third parties are encrypted on your device and are not sent to Microsoft. These financial institutions, as well as any other third-party services you access through MSN services, are subject to their own terms and privacy policies.
Back to top
Silverlight
Microsoft Silverlight helps you to access and enjoy rich content on the Web. Silverlight enables websites and services to store data on your device. Other Silverlight features involve connecting to Microsoft to obtain updates, or to Microsoft or third-party servers to play protected digital content.
Silverlight Configuration tool
. You can make choices about these features in the Silverlight Configuration tool. To access the Silverlight Configuration tool, right click on content that is currently being displayed by Silverlight and select
Silverlight
. You can also run the Silverlight Configuration tool directly. In Windows, for example, you can access the tool by searching for "Microsoft Silverlight."
Silverlight application storage
. Silverlight-based applications can store data files locally on your computer for a variety of purposes, including saving your custom settings, storing large files for graphically intensive features (such as games, maps, and images), and storing content that you create within certain applications. You can turn off or configure application storage in the Silverlight Configuration tool.
Silverlight updates
. Silverlight will periodically check a Microsoft server for updates to provide you with the latest features and improvements. A small file containing information about the latest Silverlight version will be downloaded to your computer and compared to your currently installed version. If a newer version is available, it will be downloaded and installed on your computer. You can turn off or configure updates in the Silverlight Configuration tool.
Digital Rights Management
. Silverlight uses Microsoft Digital Rights Management (DRM) technology to help protect the rights of content owners. If you access DRM-protected content (such as music or video) with Silverlight, it will request media usage rights from a rights server on the Internet. In order to provide a seamless playback experience, you will not be prompted before Silverlight sends the request to the rights server. When requesting media usage rights, Silverlight will provide the rights server with an ID for the DRM-protected content file and basic data about your device, including data about the DRM components on your device such as their revision and security levels, and a unique identifier for your device.
DRM updates
. In some cases, accessing DRM-protected content will require an update to Silverlight or to the DRM components on your device. When you attempt to play content that requires a DRM update, Silverlight will send a request to a Microsoft server containing basic data about your device, including information about the DRM components on your computer such as their revision and security levels, troubleshooting data, and a unique identifier for your device. The Microsoft server uses this identifier to return a unique DRM update for your device, which will then be installed by Silverlight. You can turn off or configure DRM component updates on the
Playback
tab in the Silverlight Configuration tool.
Back to top
Windows Mixed Reality
Windows Mixed Reality allows you to enable a virtual reality experience that immerses you in apps and games. Mixed Reality uses a compatible headset’s camera, microphone, and infrared sensors to enable motions and voice to be used to control gameplay and to navigate apps and games.
Microsoft collects diagnostic data to solve problems and to keep Mixed Reality running on Windows up to date, secure, and operating properly. Diagnostic data also helps us improve Mixed Reality and related Microsoft products and services depending on the diagnostic data settings you’ve chosen for your device.
Learn more about Windows diagnostic data
.
Mixed Reality also processes and collects data specifically related to the Mixed Reality experiences, such as:
Mixed Reality maps distances between your body's joints to create a stick figure representation of you. If you are connected to the Internet, we collect those numeric values to enable and improve your experience.
Mixed Reality detects specific hand gestures intended to perform simple system interactions (such as menu navigation, pan/zoom, and scroll). This data is processed on your PC and is not stored.
The headset's microphones enable voice commands to control games, apps, or to enter search terms.
Learn more about voice data collection
.
Windows Mixed Reality can also be used for audio and video communications through services such as Skype.
View Summary
Learn more
Back to top
Back To Top
Sub-policy 13
https://www.outbrain.com/legal/privacy#privacy-policy:
Outbrain and Teads
Close Agreement to Merge
Learn More
Privacy Center
Download
USERS PRIVACY POLICY
Last Updated January 2025
Outbrain is committed to protecting your Personal Data. For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “
Personal Data
” means information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with you.
We use your Personal Data in line with all applicable laws. To ensure compliance and to align with Outbrain’s values around trust and transparency we have a team of privacy champions responsible for continuously implementing our global privacy program. Citizens from “European Territories” mean the European Economic Area (EEA), the European Free Trade Area (EFTA) and Switzerland.
This Users Privacy Policy (“
Users Privacy
Policy
”) governs Outbrain’s use of User Personal Data.
We may change this Users Privacy Policy from time to time.
You are a User when you visit a page of a website or application of one of Outbrain’s partners (“
Partners
”) where the Outbrain widget is installed or our recommendations are placed
(“
Partner Sites
”).
For example, if you visit
https://news.sky.com/uk
,
www.spiegel.de
or
www.cnn.com
, the Outbrain widget is implemented on those websites. You know you are engaging with an Outbrain widget when you see text referencing Outbrain (e.g., “Recommended by Outbrain”, “by Outbrain”) near recommendations. If you click on the hyperlinked reference to Outbrain you will see a
detailed notice
that enables you to navigate to
Outbrain’s Interest Profile
and this Users Privacy Policy where you can opt out of personalized recommendations. In some instances, a Partner may have a white-labelled version of Outbrain’s service for their own offering. In such an event, such Partners must disclose their use of Outbrain in their privacy policies.
Example of an Outbrain Widget
For more information on how Outbrain uses your Personal Data when you visit
www.outbrain.com
(or any derivation/any of our other sites, such as Outbrain.co.uk; Outbrain.fr; outbrain.de, https://www.zemanta.com/ etc.) (our “Sites”), please see
Outbrain’s
Site Visitors Privacy Policy
.
If you are a business partner of Outbrain and want to find out more information about how Outbrain uses personal data of its business partners, please see
Outbrain’s Business Partner Privacy Policy
.
1. Who we are, what we do, how you can contact Outbrain, our DPO or the relevant authorities
a) Who we are:
This Privacy Policy applies to Outbrain Inc., a corporation registered in Delaware (USA) whose main office is in New York; and its affiliated subsidiaries (collectively, “Outbrain,” or “we“, “us“, “our”). We operate in various offices around the world and we partner with publishers and marketers across the globe.
If you are in the UK, or any European Territory, the controller of your data is Outbrain UK Limited. In general, our publishers and advertisers are joint controllers with us for the initial processing of your data when a publisher or advertiser client implements the Outbrain technology on their pages. For all subsequent processing by Outbrain, we are independent controllers with our publisher and advertiser clients. For a more detailed explanation of the roles and responsibilities of the parties, please see our publisher data sharing agreement
here
and advertiser data sharing agreement
here
.
b) What we do:
Outbrain’s mission is to serve interesting recommendations to users when they visit a Partner site based on their interests. To achieve our mission, we enter into agreements with:
online publishers and partners who want to recommend relevant content to their readers (this is
Outbrain Engage
); and
advertising partners who want readers to view their content (this is
Outbrain Amplify
).
For further information on our Amplify (advertising partner) services see
here
and our Engage (media partners) services see
here
. For further information on our Outbrain DSP services, please see
here
.
How to contact us:
We regularly review our compliance with this Users Privacy Policy. Questions, comments and requests regarding this Users Privacy Policy are welcomed and should be addressed in the first instance to
privacy@outbrain.com
.
If Outbrain does not satisfactorily answer your questions or concerns, you may also contact the following for advice, support or complaints:
Outbrain’s Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) at
dpo@outbrain.com
;
the
Information Commissioner’s Office
, which is Outbrain’s supervisory authority in the UK; and/or
Slovenia SA
which is Outbrain’s lead supervisory authority within the European Territories.
2. Alliances and Adherence
We adhere to the Self-Regulatory Principles set forth by the
Digital Advertising Alliance
(DAA) and the
European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance
(EDAA);
We are members in good standing of the
Network Advertising Initiative
(NAI), an association dedicated to responsible data collection and its use for digital advertising. We also adhere to the NAI Code of Conduct. Outbrain also adheres to the Interactive Advertising Bureau’s (IAB)
Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising, and the IAB Europe TCF vendor ID; and
We are also TAG Brand Safety Certified
here
.
3. What information we collect, how and why
a) We mainly process your Personal Data so that we can serve interesting recommendations. We may also process your Personal Data to create associated reports and to prevent fraud. Outbrain’s recommendations may be paid for by an advertiser linking you to a new website or they may be organic such that the link is to another page on the same Partner’s Site.
b) We collect and process the following Personal Data in the following ways:
Generally, we use cookies, pixels and other similar technologies to collect and store Personal Data about you. In particular:
UUID (Unique User ID) and other online identifiers
When you, as a User, first visit a Partner Site (e.g., CNN.com), Outbrain drops a cookie on your device in order to generate a UUID. Alternatively, if you first interact with a Partner using that Partner’s application, Outbrain receives your advertiser ID which is assigned to you by your device. We catalogue and analyze the content you consume across Partner Sites. Our recommendations are based on: (i) a UUIDs browsing history; (ii) similar browsing patterns of other Users; (iii) recommendations that are generally popular with Outbrain’s audience at this time; (iv) some randomness, and (v) targeting requirements that may be provided or requested by our Amplify clients. As an example, Outbrain may know that UUID 123 (which could be you on your iPhone X on The Guardian using Chrome as your browser) likes to read about far away holiday destinations and that people who like to read about far away holiday destinations also like to read about exotic food. When you interact with Outbrain we do not collect traditional Personal Data from you, like your email address or name, therefore we cannot associate your name with your UUID (for example, we do not know that John Smith, who is also UUID 123, likes to read about far away holiday destinations).
The UUID is a sequence of numbers and/or letters. This UUID attaches itself to your device and varies depending on your browser combination. In other words, Outbrain records a different UUID depending on which device and/or which browser you use when accessing the Partner Sites. For example, you will have one UUID when you visit a Partner Site from your mobile phone using the browser Safari, and a different UUID when you visit a Partner Site from your iPad using the browser Safari. Outbrain will combine and consolidate a UUID from a mobile device (handheld or tablet) from a browser that then accesses an application (or vice versa) from that same device. Outbrain does not conduct cross device tracking and therefore cannot link a user interacting with Outbrain on their phone as the same user who is interacting with Outbrain on their desktop.
We may also collect an Outbrain DSP (Formerly known as Zemanta) online identifier and advertiser ID which operate similarly to as described above. Please see the Outbrain DSP Privacy Policy
here
for more information.
IP Address
In addition to your UUID, we recognize your IP address, which we translate into non-precise location data and delete the last octet in order to mask the identifying information. We use your IP address, in conjunction with information we received from other trusted third-party partners (such as MaxMind) to determine a broad understanding of where you are located (e.g., New York). Outbrain will still recognize your IP address even if you opt out of personalized tracking as this is necessary to continue serving you context-based recommendations; however, in such instances your IP address is not associated with your UUID and would not form part of any user profile.
Other Usage Information
In addition to your UUID and IP address, we also collect the following information from you on
(a) desktop and mobile web: (i) User Agent data: device type (e.g., iPhone), browser type (e.g., chrome), operating system (e.g. iOS); (ii) the pages visited; (iii) the time of visit; and (iv) referring URLs and other information normally transmitted in HTTP requests. The above statistical information provides us with information about how many Users visited a specific page on our Partner Sites on which the Outbrain widget is installed, how long each User stayed on that page, the type of content on that page they clicked on and how they generally engaged with that page; and
(b) on applications: (i) application version (as it appears in App Store or Play Store); (ii) application ID or package name (as it appears in the App Store or Play Store); (iii) operating system ( e.g. IOS or Android); (iv) operating system version; and (v) device model (e.g. iPhone X).This information is considered personal data if Outbrain associates it with a UUID.
We also use your Personal Data (individual profiles, preferences, characteristics, and behaviors) to make inferences and audience segments (some examples which can be found
here
.
Machine learning techniques
Outbrain uses non-generative machine learning techniques to process Users’ Personal Data and to analyze trends and popular recommendations to predict what you will be interested in and what advertisement to show you based on this. Users will not be subject to decisions that will have a significant impact on them based on automated decision-making unless we have notified Users and have a lawful basis for doing so.
c) Legal basis for processing
As Outbrain does not control the Partner Sites upon which its technology is implemented, Outbrain relies on its partners to provide Users with relevant notices and consent management solutions. Where required by your applicable jurisdiction, we will only process you
r Personal Data wher
e we have a legal basis to do so. The legal basis will depend on the purposes for which we have collected and use your
Personal Data
. In almost every case the legal basis will be one of the following:
Consent:
For example, where you have provided your consent via a consent management platform.
Our legitimate business interests:
Where it is necessary for us to understand our customers, promote our services and operate effectively, provided in each case that this is done in a legitimate way which does not unduly affect your privacy and other rights. These legitimate interests include the operation of the Outbrain technology.
Compliance with law:
Where we are subject to a legal obligation and need to use your Personal Data in order to comply with that obligation.
4. How to manage the cookies and other similar technologies we use
a) Outbrain cookies
Please see the Users
Cookie Table
under for a detailed list of the cookies we use when you interact with Partner Sites where the Outbrain technology is implemented.
b) Outbrain pixels
In addition to Outbrain’s visible widget on Partner Sites, certain Outbrain advertisers or publishers may implement the Outbrain pixel on their websites. The pixel can be used to create segments of users for retargeting purposes. The Outbrain pixel determines whether the User reaching the page where the pixel is installed has an Outbrain UUID in order to either provide attribution tracking to advertisers or publishers in respect of their particular campaign or to create audience segments for advertisers or publishers wishing to retarget relevant users for future campaigns. If there is a UUID associated with such end user, Outbrain allows advertisers to either retarget those UUIDs and/or provides advertisers with the total number of Users (on an aggregated and anonymized basis) that reached a particular page (for example, an advertiser does not know that UUID1234 converted but only that 1 conversion took place). Outbrain does not pass its advertisers any Personal Data (including your UUID) or collect any further Personal Data via the pixel.
c) Third party pixels
If you click on a link to one of our recommendations, the advertiser sponsoring the recommendation may place cookies (or third-party cookies of third parties acting on the advertiser’s behalf) on your device either through redirects prior to arriving on the destination page of the recommendations or upon reaching the destination page. Such cookies are dropped for the purposes of providing analytics to the advertiser with regards to the advertiser’s campaign (for example, to see how many users viewed the advertiser’s campaign). We require our advertisers to disclose the use of third-party pixels and/or cookies to end users via their website. As these cookies and/or pixels are added at the sole discretion of our advertisers, you will be subject to that advertiser’s privacy notice and/or privacy policy.
We also require our partners to disclose the usage of the Outbrain pixel on their own websites. Outbrain may also allow certain trusted third-party partners to collect data via cookies delivered through the Outbrain widget. In such cases, Outbrain does not pass these third parties the data which Outbrain collects on its Users but allows such third parties to directly collect data (including personal data) via the widget for fraud and/or security purposes or in order to provide measurement information to advertisers (such as the number of conversions and/or impressions). You can find a list of Outbrain’s Trusted Partners
here
.
d)
Mobile advertising identifiers
Mobile advertising IDs (like IDFA) are unique IDs associated with individual mobile devices which Outbrain uses to associate with a user profile. Users can reset them by instructing their device to do so.
e) General web analytics
We may use web analytics from time to time, for example, our DSP service integrates with its client and partner’s Web Analytics software in order to observe how users behave after clicking on ads. Any data collection via web analytics software is governed by such client’s and/or third party’s privacy policy.
5. Your rights
a) Outbrain opt out on desktop and mobile web
You may opt out of Outbrain’s personalized recommendations (or, if you have opted out and would like to opt back in) at any time by moving the toggle below. You may also opt out of personalized recommendations via
Outbrain’s Interest Profile
which is a website that allows you to exercise your data subject rights, including opting out of behavioral advertising, deleting your user profile or accessing the data Outbrain may hold on you.
b) Outbrain opt out on apps
In order to opt-out of Outbrain’s recommendations on your mobile applications you can follow the steps below:
iOS Devices: Settings > Privacy > Advertising > Limit Ad Tracking
Android Devices: Google Settings App > Ads > Opt Out of Interest-based Advertising
Please note that an opt out via our Interest Profile and/or this Privacy Policy will not opt you out of personalized tracking on your applications. This opt out must be done via your device settings.
c) Additional opt-out options
You may also opt out of receiving personalized ads served by us or other advertising companies through industry powered tools such as the NAI or the various DAA-based pages (DAA,
http://www.aboutads.info/choices
; DAAC,
www.youradchoices.ca/choices
, and/or EDAA
www.youronlinechoices.eu
). Visiting the NAI, DAA, DAAC, or EDAA consumer choice pages allows you to opt out of all some or all of the participating members’ services. Like Outbrain’s opt out, these opt outs do not mean you will no longer receive any advertising, the advertisements will just not be tailored to you. You will continue to receive advertisements, for example, based on the particular website that you are viewing (i.e.,
contextually based ads
). Also, if your browsers are configured to reject cookies when you visit the DAA, DAAC or EDAA consumer choice pages, your opt out may not be effective as our opt out is cookie based.
If you are located in the European Territories/UK, please see Section 8 below which outlines other rights that you may exercise.  If you are a resident of California or certain other states within the United States, please see Section 9 below which outlines other rights that you may exercise, depending on your state of residency.
IMPORTANT INFORMATION
Even though you have opted out of Outbrain’s personalized recommendations:
You will still see Outbrain recommendations.
Opting out of Outbrain personalization tracking does not mean you will no longer receive recommendations from Outbrain. Instead, it means that Outbrain’s recommendations will not be personalized (i.e. they will be context-based recommendations).
Your opt out will be cookie based and device/browser specific.
If you browse the web from several devices and/or browsers, you will need to opt out from each device and/or browser to ensure that we prevent personalization tracking on all of them. For the same reason, if you buy a new device, change browsers or delete (or clear) the opt out cookie, you will need to opt-out again. Opting out of personalization tracking is not the same as blocking cookies.
As with most opt out cookies, the Outbrain browser opt out relies upon a cookie.
The opt-out cookie is intended to be persistent to honor the user’s preferences. However, the “Intelligent Tracking Prevention” feature in iOS11 may impact the persistence of cookies across websites post a 24 hour window. We suggest using another browser or considering blocking all 3rd party cookies from the browser so that you are “opted out” without needing to rely on any company’s actual opt out methodology.
Your local storage will not be cleared.
Even though you have opted out of Outbrain’s personalized recommendations your local storage will not be automatically cleared and therefore you need to clear this at a browser level in addition to your opt out.
6. Security Measures, Transfers Outside the EEA, Sharing and Data Retention
a) Security
Please see our
security standards
for more information on the security standards that Outbrain has in place.
Please remember that, unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is never completely secure. A common Internet scam is known as “spoofing” or “phishing.” This occurs when you receive an email from what appears to be a legitimate source requesting Personal Data from you. Please be aware that we will not send you any emails requesting you to verify credit card, bank information, or any other Personal Data. If you ever receive an email that appears to be from us requesting such information from you, do not respond to it, and do not click on any links appearing in the email. Instead, please forward the email to us at
legal@outbrain.com
,
as we will investigate instances of possible Internet fraud.
Our Sites contain links to other websites that we do not own or operate. We do not control, recommend or endorse the content, products, services, privacy policies or practices of these third party websites. If you choose to click on these links, you should know that these sites are not owned or operated by Outbrain and therefore these third party websites may send their own cookies to your device and they may independently collect personal data. It is therefore important that you get familiar with the privacy policies of these third party websites.
b) Sharing
Outbrain may share certain elements of a user profile (for example, UUID) with the following partners, including:
Brand safety, analytics and fraud partners;
Demand Side Platforms (DSP) and Supply Side Platforms (SSP);
Ad Exchanges and/or Networks; and
Demand Management Platforms.
Please see
here
for a list of our trusted partners (which may be updated from time to time). In addition, we may collect and/ or share some Personal Data with trusted partners by virtue of participating in the OpenRTB. Many of these partners are registered as IAB TCF Global Vendors and can be found
here
. We may also allow third parties to collect data directly from you- please refer to our
Trusted Partners
and/or the Users section of our
Cookie Policy
.
In addition, we may also disclose Personal Data as follows:
within the family of companies controlled by Outbrain for internal reasons, primarily for business and operational purposes;
if we go through a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of our assets, your Personal Data will likely be among the assets transferred;
when legally required to do so (e.g., to cooperate with law enforcement investigations or other legal proceedings);
to investigate reports of fraud or to protect against unauthorized use;
to protect Outbrain’s rights and property; and/or
to respond to a genuine emergency.
We may also combine your Personal Data with that of other users in order to share trend information and aggregate user statistics with third parties, always in aggregated and anonymized form.
If you are a United States resident, please see Section 9 below for more information on how your Personal Data may be sold, “shared” and disclosed, as defined by the California Consumer Privacy Act and other state privacy laws.
c) Data
Retention
The retention period for each of the cookies Outbrain uses (whether our own or on our behalf by third parties) is stated in the
Cookie Table
.
More specifically, the Outbrain cookie (obuid), which is used for tracking user actions such as clicks, expires three (3) months after a User visited a particular site within our network; however, this cookie will reset if a User returns to the same site or different site within our network. In addition, we do not retain any individual data point on a User for more than 13 months. For example, if UUID 123 read an article on December 31, 2018, on February 1, 2019 that article will no longer be part of UUID 123’s profile.
7. Children and Sensitive Data
None of our services are intentionally directed at children under 16 (or 13 if you are based in the US). We do not knowingly collect Personal Data from anyone under 16 years of age. If we determine upon collection that a User is under 16, we will not use or maintain their Personal Data. If we become aware that we have unknowingly collected Personal Data from a child under the age of 16, we will make reasonable efforts to delete such information from our records in accordance with applicable law. If you’re a kid, please go play in the yard, don’t use or interact with Outbrain!
8. European Territory/UK Visitors
a) Your rights
In compliance with certain privacy laws, in particular the European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and the UK GDPR, you have certain rights in relation to your
Personal Data
. More specifically and under certain circumstances:
the right to request information about whether and which Personal Data is processed by us, and the right to request that such Personal Data is rectified or amended;
the right to request that your Personal Data be deleted;
the right to request that the processing of your Personal Data be restricted or object to the processing of your information on grounds relating to his or her particular situation, or at any time for direct marketing purposes;
withdraw your consent to the processing and use of your data completely or partially at any time with future application;
have the right to obtain your Personal Data in a common, structured and mechanically readable format, and to transmit those data to another controller;
contact our data protection officer if there are any questions, comments, complaints or requests in connection with our statement on data protection and the processing of your Personal Data; and
the right to complain to the responsible supervisory authority if believed that the processing of your Personal Data is in violation of the legislation.
We will handle any request to exercise your rights in accordance with applicable law and any relevant legal exemptions. If you wish to exercise any of these rights or have any questions, please email
Privacy@outbrain.com
.
b) Data transfers outside the European Territories/UK to non-US territories
Our data centers are located in the US, Netherlands and Singapore. We transfer Personal Data from the European Economic Area (EEA) and/or UK to our data centers in the United States. When we transfer Personal Data, we will ensure such transfers are in compliance with relevant data protection laws, including, if applicable, EU/UK Standard Contractual Clauses, or a European Commission/UK Government positive adequacy decision.
In other words, your rights and protections remain with your data and we use approved contractual clauses and other measures designed to ensure that the recipients of your Personal Data protect it. Outbrain has in place the Standard Contractual Clauses between Outbrain entities to govern the transfer of data outside of the EEA/UK. To obtain more information as to the safeguards that we implement in this respect or to obtain a copy of them, please email
p
rivacy@outbrain.com
.
For more detail on transfers to the United States, please see below.
c) Data transfers outside the European Territories/UK to US territories – EU-US Data Protection Framework (DPF) Participation
1. EU-US Data Protection Framework (DPF) Participation
Outbrain Inc. complies with the
EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”)
, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“Swiss-U.S. DPF”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Outbrain has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of Personal Data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Outbrain has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of Personal Data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles, the EU-U.S. DPF Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://
www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
2. Complaint and Dispute Resolution Procedure under the DPF
Outbrain’s internal complaints mechanism
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Outbrain commits to resolve EU-U.S. DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your
Personal Data
. EU, UK and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of Personal Data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact Outbrain at:
DPO@outbrain.com
You may have the right to lodge a complaint with the data protection authority of your country of residence. If you live in the UK, you can make a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO)
at this address
. If you live in the EU, you can find the relevant data protection authority
here
. To submit a complaint to the FTC, click
here
.
Independent Recourse Mechanism
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Outbrain commits to cooperate and comply with the advice of the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs), the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), the Gibraltar Regulatory Authority (GRA), and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF. The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Outbrain’s compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF.
Arbitration
You may also be able to invoke binding arbitration for unresolved complaints but prior to initiating such arbitration, a resident of a European country (including Switzerland) participating in the DPF must first:
contact us and afford us the opportunity to resolve the issue;
seek assistance from
JAMS
(an independent recourse mechanism); and
contact the U.S. Department of Commerce (either directly or through a European Data Protection Authority) and afford the Department of Commerce time to attempt to resolve the issue.
If such a resident invokes binding arbitration, each party shall be responsible for its own attorney’s fees. Please be advised that, pursuant to the DPF, the arbitrator(s) may only impose individual- specific, non-monetary, equitable relief necessary to remedy any violation of the DPF Principles with respect to the resident. The arbitration option may not be invoked if the individual’s same claimed violation of the Principles has previously been subject to binding arbitration; was the subject of a final judgement entered in a court action to which the individual was a party; or was previously settled by the parties. For more details, please click
here
.
3. OUTBRAIN’S LIABILITY IN CASES OF ONWARD TRANSFERS TO THIRD PARTIES
In the context of an onward transfer, Outbrain has responsibility for the processing of
Personal Data
it receives under the DPF Principles and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. Outbrain remains liable under the DPF Principles if its agent processes such
Personal Data
in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless Outbrain proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
9. United States Consumer Privacy Notice
This United States Consumer Privacy Notice (“State Notice”) supplements the Outbrain Privacy Policy and provides additional information for residents of certain states with comprehensive privacy laws, such as California. This State Notice applies to Personal Data we collect, use and disclose from those applicable U.S. state residents.
a) Your State privacy rights
As a resident of certain U.S. states, you may have the right to submit certain requests relating to your Personal Data, as listed below, depending on your state of residency, such as California. However, these rights are not absolute, and in certain cases we may decline your request as permitted by law.
Right to Know.
If you are a California resident, you have the right to know what Personal Data we have collected about you, which includes:
The categories of Personal Data that we have collected about you.
The categories of sources from which the Personal Data was collected.
The business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, sharing or disclosing the Personal Data.
The categories of Personal Data that we sold or shared, and for each category identified, the categories of third parties to which we sold or shared that Personal Data.
The categories of Personal Data that we disclosed for a business purpose, and the categories of recipients to which we disclosed that Personal Data.
The specific pieces of Personal Data we have collected about you.
Right to Access, Confirm and Data Portability.
You may have the right to confirm whether we are processing your Personal Data, to access your Personal Data, and to obtain a copy of Personal Data you provided to us in a portable format.
Right to Delete.
You may have the right to delete the Personal Data that we have collected from you, subject to certain exceptions.
Right to Correct
. You may have the right to request that we correct inaccuracies in your Personal Data, taking into account the nature of the Personal Data and our purposes for processing it.
Right to Opt Out of Sales and Sharing of Personal Data for Targeted Advertising.
You may have the right to opt out of the sale of your Personal Data, and to request that we do not share your Personal Data for targeted or cross-context behavioral advertising.
Right to Withdraw Consent or Limit Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Data
. If we process Sensitive Personal Data from you, you may have the right to withdraw a previously provided consent for processing your Sensitive Personal Data for a specific purpose. For California residents, we do not use or disclose Sensitive Personal Data for purposes to which the right to limit use and disclosure applies.
Right to Know Third Party Disclosures
. You may have the right to request a list of third parties to which we have disclosed Personal Data.
Rights Related to Automated Decision-Making or Profiling
. We do not use your information for profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects or for the purposes of automated decision-making as defined under currently applicable law.
Right to Appeal
.  Sometimes we are unable to process requests relating to your Personal Data, in which case, your request will be denied. If you have previously submitted a privacy rights request to us that has been denied and you believe that we denied it in error, you may have the right to appeal for reconsideration of your request by emailing us at
privacy@outbrain.com
or by calling us toll free on 1-866-I-OPT-OUT and entering service code 253# to leave us a message.
Non discrimination.
You are entitled to exercise the rights described above free from discrimination.
b) How to exercise your rights
You may exercise your privacy rights described above as follows:
By calling us toll free on 1-866-I-OPT-OUT and entering service code 253# to leave us a message.
By emailing
privacy@outbrain.com
Right to opt-out of the “sale” or “sharing” for targeted advertising of your Personal Data
. We do not sell your Personal Data in the conventional sense (i.e., for money). However, like many companies, we use services that help deliver interest-based ads to you. To opt-out from this “sale” or “share” for targeted advertising, click on this
link
which will take you to our Interest Profile where you can opt out of personalized recommendations. If you choose to use the Global Privacy Control (GPC) browser signal, you will only be opted out of online sales or sharing of Personal Data, and will need to turn it on for each browser you use.
We will need to confirm your identity and state of residency to process your requests. We cannot process your request if you do not provide us with sufficient detail to allow us to understand and respond to it. Depending on your state of residency, you may be able to designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf; however, you may still need to verify your identity with us before your request can be processed. An authorized agent may submit a request on your behalf using the methods listed above.
Please note that if you make a privacy rights request, we will retain the Personal Data submitted in connection with your request for recordkeeping purposes.
c) Personal Data that we collect, disclose, sell and share
The section below summarizes how we collect, disclose, sell and share Personal Data, and describes our practices during the 12 months preceding the effective date of this Privacy Policy as well as our current practices. These examples may vary depending on the nature of your interactions with us. Additional information may be found in this Outbrain Privacy Policy.
We collect the following categories of Personal Data about you, as described more fully in Section 3 of the Outbrain Privacy Policy above:
Identifiers
Internet or Network Information
Geolocation Data
Inferences
For information on the various sources from which we collect these categories of Personal Data, as well as the purposes of our collection and use, please refer to Section 3 of the Outbrain Privacy Policy above.
We may disclose the categories of Personal Data listed above to our affiliates, service providers and contractors for the following business purposes:
Services performed on our behalf (including processing, maintaining, or collecting Personal Data) related to the operation of our business
Auditing relating to ad impressions
Ensuring security and integrity of Personal Data
Debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality
Short-term, transient use, including but not limited to, non-personalized advertising
Advertising or marketing services performed on our behalf
Undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration
Undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of our services
Targeted Advertising, Sales, and Sharing of Personal Data
.
Although we do not sell Personal Data in exchange for money, some of the ways in which we share Personal Data for targeted or cross-context behavioral advertising or analytics may be considered “sales” or “sharing” under certain United States state privacy laws. Please see
here
for a list of our trusted partners. .
The purposes for which we sell/share this information include to deliver interest-based ads to you. We do not have actual knowledge that we sell or share the Personal Data of consumers under the age of 16.
10. “Do Not Track” disclosure
Some browsers transmit Do Not Track (DNT) signals to websites. Because there is no common understanding of how to interpret the DNT signal, Outbrain does not currently alter, change, or respond to DNT requests or signals from these browsers. We will continue to monitor industry activity in this area and reassess our DNT practices as necessary. In the meantime, you can use the range of other tools we provide to control data collection and use, including the ability to opt out of receiving personalized recommendations in the Users section. We also recognize the GPC browser signal, as described in Section 9 above.
11. How this privacy policy may change
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time.
12. Contact us
a) Data Protection Officer (DPO) – if you are based outside the US
To communicate with our Data Protection Officer, please email at
dpo@outbrain.com
or use the contact details below. You may also contact your local data protection authority. A list of local data protection authorities is available
here
.
b) General
questions
If you have any questions or concerns about your privacy you may contact us at:
Outbrain Inc.
111 West 19th Street 3rd Floor
New York, NY 10011, USA
Attn: Privacy questions
Email:
privacy@outbrain.com
or
dpo@outbrain.com
Sub-policy 14
https://www.taboola.com/privacy-policy:
Please note: This website includes an accessibility system. Press Control-F11 to adjust the website to the visually impaired who are using a screen reader; Press Control-F10 to open an accessibility menu.
Popup heading
Close
Accessibility
Press enter for Accessibility for blind people
who use screen readers
Press enter for Keyboard Navigation
Press enter for Accessibility menu
Customers
Information We Collect from Customers (“Customer Information”)
Why We Use Customer Information
To Whom We Disclose Customer Information
Customer Choices
Users
Information We Collect from Users (“User Information”)
Why We Use User Information
To Whom We Disclose User Information
User Choices
Interest-Based Advertising
Opt Out
Data Retention
Children
Site Visitors
Information We Collect from Site Visitors
Why We Use Site Visitor Information
To Whom We Disclose Site Visitor Information
Third-Party Online Advertising
Site Visitor Choices
General Provisions Applicable to Customers, Users, and Site Visitors
Why We Use Your Information
Disclosing Your Information
Cookies and Other Tracking Mechanisms
Third-Party Links
Security
International Data Transfers
Regional Privacy Rights
Notice to Individuals within the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or United Kingdom ("UK")
Notice to Individuals in the State of California
Notice to Individuals in Applicable U.S. States
Notice to Individuals in Thailand
Notice to Individuals in Brazil
Notice to Individuals within the People’s Republic of China (“PRC”)
Data Broker Requirements
Contact Us
Changes to This Privacy Policy
Taboola’s Opt-Out Options
Personal Data in Europe and UK
TABOOLA PRIVACY POLICY
Last Update:
November 6th, 2024
For Taboola’s opt-out status options, please
click here
.
For Taboola’s region-specific notices, please visit the applicable notice for individuals in
Brazil
,
California
and
additional U.S. states
,
Europe
(including the United Kingdom),
China
, or
Thailand
.
Privacy Self-Regulation:
Taboola is dedicated to providing Internet users the highest level of transparency and control over the use of their data in online advertising. In support of this, we adhere to the:
Self-Regulatory Principles set forth by the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA), the Digital Advertising Alliance Canada (DAAC), and the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA);
Interactive Advertising Bureau’s (IAB) Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising (OBA) and the IAB Europe OBA Framework. Taboola participates in the IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework and complies with its Specifications and Policies as vendor number 42; and the
Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) Code of Conduct
for Web and Mobile. Taboola is a proud member of the NAI, an association dedicated to responsible data collection use in digital advertising.
Taboola also maintains an externally-facing
Trust Center
, which is available for your reference. To update your AdChoices Opt Out settings, select your region here:
US
,
Canada
, or
Europe
(including the United Kingdom); and to manage all NAI member sites’ settings, click
here
.
Privacy Policy:
Taboola, Inc., together with its
Affiliates
, (“
Taboola
”, “
we
”, “
us
”, or “
our
”), recognize the importance of your privacy. In this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) we describe how we collect, process, use, and disclose information that we obtain in the following contexts:
our website,
www.taboola.com
and any Taboola website, digital property, communication, or form displaying this Privacy Policy (collectively, the “
Sites
”);
our content-discovery platforms, feeds, widgets, analytics tools, pixels, integrations, push notifications, and other technical applications that we provide on third-party websites (collectively, the “
Content Discovery Platform
”); and
the Taboola News suite of content-discovery tools available on mobile devices and operating systems (including the Start line of products, collectively “
Taboola News
”) (together with the Content Discovery Platform, the “
Services
”).
When you visit the Sites, or use or interact with any of our Services, we will collect information from or about you or your device, which may include personal information or personal data as defined by applicable privacy laws (“
Personal
Information
” or “
Personal Data
“) (collectively, the “
Information
”), and this Information will be handled as described in this Privacy Policy.
We may use Information collected through the Sites and Services in various ways, depending on whether you are:
(i) a publisher, advertiser, or other content provider that has a contractual relationship, with Taboola (a “
Customer
“);
(ii) a visitor to our Customers’ websites and digital properties who interacts with our Services (a “
User
“); or
(iii) a visitor to the Taboola Sites (a “
Site Visitor
“), which may include Customers and prospective customers.
Therefore, this Privacy Policy outlines specific provisions for each of these categories in Sections 1 – 3, and outlines provisions that apply to all three categories in Section 4 below.
For more information about how we use cookies on the Sites and when providing our Services, please refer to our
Cookie Policy
.
Please note that our
Connexity
and
Skimlinks
business lines have separate privacy policies that apply to their services. Please visit their respective websites for information on their privacy practices.
1. Customers
1.1 Information We Collect from Customers (“Customer Information”)
We collect Customer Information directly from our Customers in the following ways:
Sites:
We will collect a Customer’s contact details when a Customer enters a contractual relationship with Taboola and we will collect a username and password when a Customer creates an account on any of our Sites.
When a Customer sends us an email asking a question, or signs up to receive our email newsletters, we will collect the Information that the Customer submits to us.
We will also collect other Information that Customers choose to provide to us, such as the contents of a message or form that a Customer submits through our Sites or via email.
We may also collect Information from prospective customers through publicly-available sources.
Services:
When a Customer signs up to use our Services or uses Taboola’s analytics dashboard “Taboola Ads,” we collect Information such as the Customer’s name, email address, telephone number, payment card information, billing information, and any other Information the Customer may choose to provide to us on the platform.
We may also work with third party vendors to process payments to or from our Customers on our behalf. These vendors currently include
Stripe
and
Payoneer
, but are subject to change at any time. We do not have access to the Information that you provide to these third parties, and we encourage you to visit their privacy policies to understand their practices.
1.2 Why We Use Customer Information
We use Customer Information for the following purposes:
Providing our Services
. We use Customer Information to provide our Sites and Services and for other customer service purposes in relation to Customer accounts.
Communicating with you about your Taboola Partnership
. We use Customer Information to communicate, via email or otherwise, about Customers’ accounts; to contact Customers about Taboola’s products or services that we think may interest you; to respond to Customer inquiries, requests, or complaints; and to provide Customers with product updates, news, best practices, and other helpful or interesting information that can enhance your use of Taboola’s Services, in accordance with their communications preferences. When we communicate in this way, our emails may deploy a cookie that tracks when the emails are opened to measure Customer engagement. For more information about cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
Marketing and advertising
. We use Customer Information to provide Customers with newsletters, special offers, and promotions, including via email; and for other marketing, advertising, and promotional purposes, including general updates about Taboola. These communications will be sent in accordance with our Customers’ communications preferences.
Fraud detection.
We may use your personal data for fraud detection purposes.
Analytics/measurement.
We may process your data for analytics and measurement purposes.
1.3 To Whom We Disclose Customer Information
We may disclose Customer Information as follows:
Taboola Affiliates
. We may disclose Customer Information to any of Taboola’s current or future affiliates (affiliates are companies controlling, controlled by, or under common control with us, including, for example, Taboola.com Ltd., Taboola Europe Limited, Taboola (Thailand) Limited, and Taboola Brasil Internet Ltda., referred to herein as “
Affiliates
”), parent companies, or subsidiaries to process for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
Taboola service providers
. We may disclose Customer Information to vendors, service providers, agents, contractors, or others who perform functions (e.g., maintenance, data analysis, customer relationship management, email marketing, surveys, credit card processing, data hosting, fraud detection) on our behalf.
Customers
. We may disclose Customer Information to other Customers where relevant to the Service we provide. For example, we may provide publishers with information about what advertisers may appear on their network or advertisers with information about which publisher websites their campaigns have appeared on.
1.4 Customer Choices
Customers may access, correct, delete, or update the Information that they have provided to us by either updating the Information in their account, by emailing their dedicated account manager, or by emailing us at
support@taboola.com
.
We may send periodic promotional or informational emails to Customers in accordance with their communications preferences. At any time, Customers may opt out of such communications by following the opt-out instructions contained in the email. Please note that it may take up to ten (10) business days for us to process opt-out requests. If you opt out of receiving marketing and advertising emails from Taboola, we will still send you emails about your account and any Services that you have requested or received from us.
2. Users
2.1 Information We Collect from Users (“User Information”)
We automatically collect User Information when Users interact with our Services that appear on our Customers’ websites and digital properties. Like most other web-based services, we collect this User Information through cookies and other technologies. Taboola collects only pseudonymized data, which means we do not know who you are because we do not know or process your name, email address, or other identifiable data. Instead, we only process digital identifiers such as cookie IDs, IP addresses, mobile advertising IDs on your device, Taboola network browsing history and associated preferences, and in some limited circumstances, your hashed email address.
User Information that we collect includes, but is not limited to the following:
Content Discovery Platform
: We collect Information about a User’s device and operating system, IP address, the web pages accessed by Users within our Customers’ websites, the link that led a User to a Customer’s website, the dates and times a User accesses a Customers’ website, event information (e.g., system crashes), Information about the interactions with advertisements and Customers’ Services (e.g., availability, visibility, and clicks), general location information (e.g., city and state), hashed email addresses (when made available by the User), and gender (when made available by the User). We ask our Customers to obtain consent on our behalf, where required by applicable data protection laws, for us to collect this User Information. We may also obtain Information about you from our
data partners
.
Taboola News
: We collect in-app User behaviors (e.g. online status, browsing activity, and clicks) and implicit non-precise device location inferred from search queries (when enabled by the User) and SIM cards or IP addresses. For more information about how we use cookies and other technologies, please refer to our
Cookie Policy
.
Taboola Push Notification
: We collect Information about Users’ time zone, location (country, region, city), language, mobile operating system (e.g. iOS or Android), browser, connection and internet service provider.
2.2 Why We Use User Information
We use User Information for the following purposes:
Providing and Improving our Service
. We may use User Information to provide and improve our Services to Users and our Customers.
Tailoring content
. We may use User Information to tailor the content and information that we may send or display to Users; to retarget content to Users through our Services and elsewhere; and to otherwise personalize your experiences while using our Services. For more information about how we tailor our content see information below about our
Interest Based Advertising
.
Tailoring content across multiple devices
. We may use User Information to improve a unique User’s experience across multiple browsers and devices (such as smartphones, tablets, or other viewing devices) by providing better targeted ad campaigns to that User. For instance, should we recognize a User on a web browser, we may want to provide that User similar or personalized content on mobile apps, as well. To do this, we identify unique Users across devices, or we may sync cookies and identifiers with our service providers or Customers that do this, to help our Customers enhance their own data and data segments, or to help them target the right audience.
Offering our Customers data segments that help target content and advertisements for topics, products, and services that may interest you.
A data segment is a grouping of users who share one or more attributes (e.g., travel enthusiasts). We offer a number of data segments, both proprietary and from our
data partners
, to our Customers so that they may better target Users who are more likely to be interested in their content and advertisements. Taboola does not knowingly create segments that are based upon what we consider to be sensitive information (for example, Personal Data revealing your racial or ethnic origin or your religious affiliations, or Personal Data concerning your sensitive health information, sex life or sexual orientation, or genetic or biometric data). In connection with our Services, our Customers may use these
standard health-related segments
about non-sensitive conditions such as an inferred interest in health and wellness or over the counter medications. In addition, Taboola offers our Customers
standard political-related segments
that may indicate general political sentiment, interest in specific political issues, and political party affiliation.
2.3 To Whom We Disclose User Information
We may disclose User Information as follows:
Taboola Affiliates
. We may disclose User Information to any current or future Affiliates, parent companies, or subsidiaries to process for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
Taboola service providers
. We may disclose User Information to vendors, service providers, agents, contractors, or others who perform functions (e.g., maintenance, data analysis, customer relationship management, email marketing, surveys, credit card processing, data hosting, or fraud detection) on our behalf.
Unaffiliated third parties
. We may disclose User Information to other unaffiliated third parties, specifically with (i) our
data partners
, so that we can connect you with relevant content by allowing our advertisers to target specific audience segments, and (ii) our
programmatic demand and supply partners
, so that we can serve you with tailored advertisements.
Customers
. We may disclose User Information to Customers where relevant to the Service we provide those Customers. For example, we may provide publishers with information about the viewing and click-through patterns of the content they publish and may provide advertisers with information about conversion rates for analytics purposes.
2.4 User Choices
You have the right to request that Taboola provide you with access to the Personal Data we hold about you, correct your Personal Data, delete your Personal Data, and cease or restrict processing of your Personal Data, and opt-out of the sale or sharing of your Personal Data. Please visit our Global Taboola Data Subject Access Request Portal available
here
. To opt out of the sale or sharing of your Personal Data, please click the U.S. State Consumer Rights Portal available
here
.
2.5 Interest-Based Advertising
Through our Services, including our Services on Customer websites, we may provide advertisements to you based on your recent browsing behavior across different Customer websites, browsers, or devices. For example, if on a first online visit, you browse on website A, then on a subsequent visit to website B, you may see content personalized based on your browsing history on website A. For example, if a user visits a clothing retail site, she might see clothing-related ads on another site she visits.
In order to target advertisements to you for products and services that may interest you, we may use cookies, JavaScript, web beacons (including clear GIFs), HTML5 local storage, and other technologies. For more information about how we use these technologies, please refer to our
Cookie Policy
.
We may also work with third parties such as ad networks, which are third parties that display advertisements based on your visits to websites that you have visited in the past. These advertisers will deliver you targeted advertisements for products and services that may interest you. Third-party ad networks, our advertiser Customers (and their content providers and agents), and/or traffic measurement services may also use cookies, JavaScript, web beacons (including clear GIFs), Flash LSOs, and other technologies to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content to you. These
third-party cookies and other technologies
are governed by each third party’s specific privacy policy, not this one.
If you have questions about our collection and use of data for interest-based advertising purposes, please contact us at:
support@taboola.com
.
2.6 Opt Out
Taboola supports initiatives to offer our Users greater transparency and control over the uses of their Information. Therefore, we offer the following options for controlling the interest-based content and ads you receive.
If
you do not want to receive interest-based ads from Taboola, you can disable the display of such ads by clicking on the opt-out link below
. Please note that an opt out will not prevent you from seeing Taboola’s content recommendations. Rather, the opt out will prevent Taboola from using your Information to tailor these recommendations to your interests. You will continue to receive recommendations that are selected based on the particular website that you are viewing (i.e., contextually based ads).
You are currently:
Opted Out
Opt In
Not Opted Out
Opt Out
Not Opted Out
: Taboola will serve you personalized recommendations based on your history.
Opted Out
: You have opted out of tracking, Taboola will no longer serve you with personalized content recommendations based on your Internet use history.
Because our tracking mechanisms operate at the device and browser level, to fully opt-out across devices,
you will need to do so on each device and browser individually
. If your browsers are configured to reject cookies, your opt-out may not be effective, since we identify your choice to opt-out based on an opt-out cookie we deliver to you. In this case, you will need to confirm that your browser is configured properly in order for the opt-out to be effective. If you are using a Safari browser on iOS11 or macOS High Sierra, you must first adjust your Privacy and Security Settings to turn off both “Prevent Cross-Site Tracking” and “Block All Cookies”, and then return to this privacy policy or your preferred opt out platform to reset your opt out preferences.
Taboola may use non-cookie technologies in limited cases. Like cookies, these technologies allow Taboola to recommend ads that are tailored to your interests and to remember whether you have chosen to opt-out from our Services. Please note that some web browsers may not permit you to block the use of non-cookie technologies, but you can do so by simply clicking on the Opt Out feature above in this Section 2.6.
You can also opt-out of receiving targeted ads served by Taboola and other advertising companies
.
You may use the
NAI opt out tool
, which will allow you to opt out of receiving targeted ads from Taboola and from other NAI-approved member companies. The NAI also provides instructions to engage system-level mobile device opt outs in Android, iOS, and Windows Phone environments.
You may also visit one of the Digital Advertising Alliance affiliate websites to learn more about User choices and opting out of interest-based advertising displayed by the many member companies.
Users in the United States may visit the DAA consumer choice page at
www.aboutads.info/choices
Users in Canada may visit the DAAC consumer choice page at
www.youradchoices.ca/choices
Users in Europe (including the United Kingdom) may visit the EDAA consumer choice page at
www.youronlinechoices.eu
You can also opt out of the use of your email address for targeted ads through
Audience Matched Advertising
or AMA by Taboola and other advertising companies through the
NAI Audience Matched Advertising Opt Out (Beta)
.
Please note that an opt out from one or more companies listed on the DAA, DAAC, or EDAA consumer choice pages will not prevent you from seeing those companies’ advertisements. Rather, the opt out will prevent these companies from using your Information to display targeted content or ads to you. You may continue to receive advertisements that are selected based on the particular website that you are viewing (i.e., contextually based ads).
Also, if your browsers are configured to reject cookies when you visit the DAA, DAAC or EDAA consumer choice pages, your opt out may not be effective because your browser will refuse opt-out cookies (that alert companies that you have exercised your opt-out preference).
2.7 Data Retention
We retain User Information, which is directly collected for purposes of serving ads, for at most thirteen (13) months from the User’s last interaction with our Services (often for a shorter period of time), after which time we de-identify the data by removing unique identifiers or aggregating the data.
We retain deidentified or aggregated data, which cannot identify an individual or device and is used for purposes of reporting and analysis, for as long as commercially necessary. We keep opt-out information for longer than this period so that we can continue to honor your opt-out requests.
2.8 Children
We do not knowingly collect any data or target any advertisements on websites directed to children under the age of eighteen (18). If you are the parent or guardian of a child under the age of eighteen (18) and have a concern regarding the Information we collect, please contact us at
dpo@taboola.com
.
3. Site Visitors
3.1 Information We Collect from Site Visitors
Taboola collects Site Visitor Information either directly from you or from third parties that collect this Information during your use of our Sites. We may combine all the Information that we collect from various sources.
Information we collect directly from you
. We may collect Site Visitor Information directly from you. For example, when you send us an email asking a question, or submit a form on our Sites to receive marketing materials or email newsletters, we will collect the Information that you submit to us. We may also collect any other Information that you choose to provide to us, such as the contents of a message that you submit through our Sites.
Information we collect from third parties
. We may collect Site Visitor Information about you from third parties that collect information on our behalf through your use of the Site, such as web analytics companies. Such information may include, without limitation, information about your operating system, IP address, settings and system configurations, device model, device ID and other unique device identifiers, mobile related information, the web pages you access within our Sites, the website that led you to our Sites, the website to which you go after leaving our Sites, the dates and times that you access our Sites, event information (e.g., system crashes) and web log data.
For more information about how we use cookies and other technologies, please refer to our
Cookie Policy
.
3.2 Why We Use Site Visitor Information
We use your Site Visitor Information for the following purposes:
Providing our Service
. We use Site Visitor Information to provide and manage our Sites and Services.
Tailoring content
. We use Site Visitor Information to tailor the content and information that we send or display to you on our Sites, and to otherwise personalize your experiences while using our Sites.
Communicating with you
. We use Site Visitor Information to communicate with you, including via email, about our Services; to respond to your inquiries via our website request forms; and to answer any questions or complaints you submit; to provide you with news, best practices or other information that we think may interest you.
Marketing and advertising
. We use Site Visitor Information to provide you with newsletters, special offers, and promotions, including via email; to contact you about products or services we think may interest you; and for other marketing, advertising, and promotional purposes. These communications will be sent in accordance with your communications preferences.
Analyzing use of our Sites
. We use Site Visitor Information to better understand how individuals access and use our Sites, both on an aggregated and individualized basis; to honor their requests and preferences; and for other research, analytical or statistical purposes.
3.3 To Whom We Disclose Site Visitor Information
We may disclose Site Visitor Information as follows:
Taboola Affiliates
. We may disclose Site Visitor Information to any current or future Affiliates, parent companies, or subsidiaries to process for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
Taboola service providers
. We may disclose Site Visitor Information to vendors, service providers, agents, contractors, or others who perform functions (e.g., maintenance, data analysis, customer relationship management, email marketing, surveys, credit card processing, data hosting, fraud detection) on our behalf.
3.4 Third-Party Online Advertising
To understand your interests and deliver advertisements that are tailored to your interests, we may work with service providers or third parties that use their own
cookies, web beacons, and other technologies
to collect Information about Site Visitors’ online activities, either on our Sites and/or other websites across the Internet  (“
Taboola Ad Partners
”). These Taboola Ad Partners include advertisers and ad networks that may collect Information about when you view or interact with one of their advertisements and may collect information regarding your activities on our Sites and your online activities over time and across different websites. Like most advertisers, Taboola works to place our advertisements where we think they will be most interesting and relevant to the recipient. One way we do this is by allowing ad networks to place their own cookies when an individual visits our Sites. This enables the ad network to recognize individuals who have previously visited the Taboola Sites. Then, if the ad network has purchased ad space on a third-party website, and recognizes that same individual visiting that third-party website, the ad network can deliver a Taboola advertisement, knowing that this individual has already expressed interest in Taboola by visiting the Taboola Sites. To learn more about third parties who collect Site Visitor Information, please review our
Cookie Policy
.
3.5 Site Visitor Choices
Site Visitors may opt out of the Taboola Ad Partners that collect information on the Sites to serve ads about Taboola. (Some U.S. Site Visitors may exercise their options directly with Taboola, as outlined below in Section 5.2.1 and Section 5.3.1). By visiting one of the Digital Advertising Alliance affiliate websites, you can learn more about User choices and opting out of interest-based advertising displayed by the many member companies.
Users in the United States may visit the DAA consumer choice page at
www.aboutads.info/choices
Users in Canada may visit the DAAC consumer choice page at
www.youradchoices.ca/choices
Users in Europe (including the United Kingdom) may visit the EDAA consumer choice page at
www.youronlinechoices.eu
Please note that an opt out from one or more companies listed on the DAA, DAAC, or EDAA consumer choice pages will not prevent you from seeing those companies’ advertisements. Rather, the opt out will prevent these companies from using your Information to display targeted content or ads to you. You may continue to receive advertisements that are selected based on the particular website that you are viewing (i.e., contextually based ads).
Also, if your browsers are configured to reject cookies when you visit the DAA, DAAC or EDAA consumer choice pages, your opt out may not be effective because your browser will refuse opt-out cookies (that alert companies that you have exercised your opt-out preference).
For Site Visitors who have subscribed to receive emails from us, you can manage your subscription by clicking your unique link that appears at the bottom of each of these emails.
4. General Provisions Applicable to Customers, Users, and Site Visitors
4.1 Why We Use Your Information
We use the Information that we collect from Customers, Users, and Site Visitors for the purposes respectively set forth in Sections 1-3 above, as well as for the following purposes:
Analyzing use of our Services
. We use the Information that we collect to better understand how Customers, Users, and Site Visitors access and use our Site and Services, both on an aggregated and individualized basis; to respond to Customers’, Users’, and Site Visitors’ requests and preferences; and for other research, analytical, and statistical purposes.
Legal compliance
. We use the Information that we collect to comply with applicable legal obligations, including requests from law enforcement or other governmental entities.
Protecting our rights and interests
. We use the Information that we collect to protect our rights and interests and the rights and interests of our Customers, Users, Site Visitors, and the general public, as well as to enforce this Privacy Policy and our
Terms of Use
.
4.2 Disclosing Your Information
When we share your Information with third parties as specified above, we require such recipients to agree to only use the Information we share with them in accordance with this Privacy Policy and our contractual specifications and for no other purpose than those determined by us in line with this Privacy Policy.
In addition to the disclosures detailed above, we may also disclose Information for the following purposes:
Business transfers
.
We reserve the right to disclose and/or transfer Information to another entity if we are acquired by or merged with another company, if we sell or transfer a business unit or assets to another company, if we undergo a bankruptcy proceeding, or if we engage in any other similar business transfer.
Legal compliance
.
We may disclose Information in order to comply with the law, regulation, a judicial proceeding, subpoena, court order, or other legal process.
Protecting rights and interests
.
We may disclose Information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person, violations of our
Terms of Use
or this Privacy Policy, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.
Aggregate and de-identified Information
.
We may disclose to our Customers and other third parties aggregated or de-identified information about users for marketing, advertising, research, or other purposes.
4.3 Cookies and Other Tracking Mechanisms
For more information about how we use cookies and other tracking mechanisms on the Sites and when providing our Services, please refer to our
Cookie Policy
. You may disable certain tracking as discussed in our
Cookie Policy
(e.g., by disabling cookies).
4.4 Third-Party Links
Our Sites and Services may contain links to our
third-party partners’
websites. Any access to and use of such linked websites is not governed by this Privacy Policy but instead is governed by the privacy policies of those third-party websites. We are not responsible for the information security nor privacy practices of such third-party websites.
For example, our Sites include features from third-party social networking platforms, such as the Facebook “Like” button. These features may collect certain information, such as your IP address or the page you are visiting on our Sites, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or directly on our Sites. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing such features. As another example, our Services link to Customer websites, which are also not governed by this Privacy Policy but by the applicable Customers’ privacy policy.
4.5 Security
We value the security of your Information, including, but not limited to, the Information collected via the Sites or Services. Taboola is ISO 27001 and ISO 27701 certified and we have taken appropriate technical and organisational measures to protect the Information we collect about you from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, destruction, and any other form of unauthorized processing. Please be aware, however, that no data security measures can guarantee 100% security.
4.6 International Data Transfers
We may transfer your Information outside the country in which it is collected, including to a country that may not offer the same level of protection for Information as the country in which you reside. Rest assured, however, that Taboola has arranged all contractual safeguards to ensure your Information is processed in a way that offers an adequate level of protection when it is shared between or among Taboola Affiliates, subsidiaries, and/or parent companies.
If you would like to learn more about EEA/UK Data Transfers, specifically, see Section 5.1.4 below. If you would like to learn more about Thailand Data Transfers, specifically, see Section 5.3.4 below.
5. Regional Privacy Rights
5.1 Notice to Individuals within the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or United Kingdom ("UK")
5.1.1 Data Controller and Representative
If you reside in the EEA or UK, Taboola.com Ltd. will be the controller of your Personal Data provided to, collected by or for, or processed by Taboola in connection with our Services. Taboola.com Ltd. can be contacted at
support@taboola.com
.
Our representative in the European Union is Lionheart Squared (Europe) Ltd., 2 Pembroke House, Upper Pembroke Street 28-32, Dublin, D02 EK84 Ireland.
Our representative in the UK is Taboola Europe Limited, Aldgate House, 2nd Floor, 33 Aldgate High Street, London EC3N 1DL, United Kingdom.
5.1.2 Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data
If you are a Customer, Site Visitor, or User from the EEA or UK, our legal basis for collecting and using the Personal Data described above (also referred to in this Section 5.1 as “
EEA/UK Data
”) will depend on the Personal Data concerned and the specific context in which we collect it.
However, we will normally collect Personal Data from you only (i) where we have your consent to do so, (ii) where we need the Personal Data to perform a contract with you, or (iii) where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect Personal Data from you or may otherwise need the Personal Data to protect your vital interests or those of another person.
If we ask you to provide Personal Data to comply with a legal requirement or to perform a contract with you, we will make this clear at the relevant time and advise you whether the provision of your Personal Data is mandatory or not (as well as of the possible consequences if you do not provide your Personal Data).
Similarly, if we collect and use your Personal Data in reliance on our legitimate interests (or those of any third party), we will make clear to you at the relevant time what those legitimate interests are.
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your Personal Data, including if you would like to better understand how our legitimate interests to process your data are balanced against your data protection rights and freedoms, please contact us as specified in Section 6 below.
5.1.3 Your Rights to Your Information
You have the right to request that Taboola (i) provide you with access to the Personal Data we hold about you, (ii) correct your Personal Data, (iii) export your Personal Data, (iv) delete your Personal Data, and (v) cease or restrict processing of your Personal Data. Where we have obtained your consent, or our Customers have obtained it on our behalf, you have the right to withdraw it at any time. If you are a User and would like to understand what Personal Data and behavioral information Taboola holds about you, specifically, and how you can exercise any of your rights with respect to your Personal Data, please visit
Taboola’s Data Subject Access Request Portal
. Customers may also submit a data subject access request by emailing us at
privacy@taboola.com
so that Taboola may either respond with the relevant information or, if applicable, direct this request to, and cooperate with, your employer to respond.
You have the right to lodge a complaint to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. To learn more, please contact your local data protection authority, via the contact methods available
here
. However, if you have any questions about our collection and use of your Personal Data, please first contact us at
privacy@taboola.com
. If you are unable to obtain the information or resolution that you seek, you may also contact our Data Protection Officer at
dpo@taboola.com
.
5.1.4 EEA/UK Data Transfers
As part of Taboola’s global operations, our data flows among the EEA, the UK, Israel, the United States, Singapore and Hong Kong, and Taboola stores Customer, User, and Visitor information in our data centers located in Israel and the United States.
When Taboola transfers EEA/UK Data to Taboola.com Ltd. in Israel, it relies (as applicable) on (i) the European Commission’s decision, and (ii) UK adequacy regulations that Israel provides a level of data protection that is adequate for EEA/UK Data. These allow the free transfer of EEA/UK Data to Israel without the need for additional data transfer mechanisms.
Similarly, when Taboola transfers any personal data from the EEA to Taboola Europe Limited in the United Kingdom, it relies on the European Commission’s decision that the UK provides a level of data protection that is adequate for personal data from the EEA.
Beyond that, when Taboola transfers EEA/UK Data to other countries then, if those countries do not have a European Commission adequacy finding and are not the subject of UK adequacy regulations (as applicable), Taboola implements
Standard Contractual Clauses
approved by the European Commission and/or competent UK authorities (as applicable) to protect the transferred data. The Standard Contractual Clauses are contractual privacy and security commitments that are entered between companies that transfer personal data outside of the EEA.
In particular, non-EEA/UK Taboola Affiliates, like Taboola, Inc. in the United States, have accordingly adopted Standard Contractual Clauses to ensure the legality, privacy, and security of the data flows necessary to provide, maintain, and develop our services.
5.2 Notice to Individuals in the State of California
5.2.1 Your Rights to Your Personal Information
California residents have the right to request that Taboola (i) provide you with what Personal Information Taboola has collected about you, including the categories of Personal Information, the categories of sources from which the Personal Information is collected, the business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, or sharing Personal Information, the categories of third parties to whom Taboola discloses Personal Information, and the specific pieces of Personal Information Taboola has collected about you, (ii) correct your Personal Information, (iii) delete your Personal Information, and (iv) opt you out of the sale or sharing of your Personal Information. You also have a right against discrimination for exercising any of these rights, which Taboola is committed to upholding and honoring at all times.
If you would like to opt out of Taboola’s disclosures, sharing, and sales of your Personal Information and cross-context behavioral advertising, you may do so as outlined in
Taboola’s U.S. State Consumer Rights Portal
. Please note that this feature is currently only available for U.S. state residents with active U.S. state comprehensive privacy laws in effect. If you would like to effectuate additional consumer rights, please visit
Taboola’s Data Subject Access Request Portal
.
5.2.2 Summary of Consumer Requests
This is a
summary of the requests
that Taboola received and honored from California residents in the last calendar year.
5.2.3 Categories of Data that Taboola May Hold about You
During the 12-month period prior to the effective date of this notice, Taboola may have used or obtained your Personal Information with respect to our Services and Sites in accordance with the chart below.
Consumer/Data Subject Type
Statutory Category of Personal Information (PI)
Sources of PI
Purpose of Collection
Disclosure of PI
Customers
Identifiers (e.g., unique personal identifier, Internet Protocol address)
Additional data subject to Cal. Civ. Code section 1798.80 (e.g., name, address, work phone, employment information through one of Taboola’s general inquiry forms)
Commercial Information (e.g., records of products or services purchased, obtained, considered)
Internet/online activity (e.g., browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an internet website application, or advertisement)
Geolocation Data (e.g., non-precise geolocation derived from IP address)
Professional information (e.g., employment information
through one of Taboola’s general inquiry forms
)
Please visit section 1.1 this Privacy Notice
Please visit section 1.2 and 4.1 of this Privacy Notice
Please visit section 1.3 and 4.2 of this Privacy Notice
Users
Identifiers (e.g., unique personal identifier, Internet Protocol address)
Commercial Information (e.g., records of products or services purchased, obtained, considered)
Internet/online activity (e.g., browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an internet website application, or advertisement)
Geolocation Data (e.g., non-precise geolocation derived from IP address)
Inferences (e.g., profile created reflecting consumer’s preferences, characteristics, predispositions, behavior)
Please visit section 2.1 this Privacy Notice
Please visit section 2.2 and 4.1 of this Privacy Notice
Please visit section 2.3 and 4.2 of this Privacy Notice
Site Visitors
Identifiers (e.g., unique personal identifier, Internet Protocol address)
Additional data subject to Cal. Civ. Code section 1798.80 (e.g., name, address, work phone, employment information through one of Taboola’s general inquiry forms)
Commercial Information (e.g., records of products or services purchased, obtained, considered)
Internet/online activity (e.g., browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an internet website application, or advertisement)
Geolocation Data (e.g., non-precise geolocation derived from IP address)
Professional information (e.g., employment information
through one of Taboola’s general inquiry forms
)
Inferences (e.g., profile created reflecting consumer’s preferences, characteristics, predispositions, behavior)
Please visit section 3.1 this Privacy Notice
Please visit section 3.2 and 4.1 of this Privacy Notice
Please visit section 3.3 and 4.2 of this Privacy Notice
5.2.4 How Taboola Shares Your Personal Information
We may disclose your Personal Information by allowing certain third parties (such as online advertising services, advertising networks, and social networks) to collect Personal Information via automated technologies on our websites for cross-context behavioral advertising purposes. Under California law, such disclosures may be considered a “sale” when the personal information is exchanged for non-monetary consideration, or “sharing” when the personal information is disclosed for cross-context behavioral advertising purposes. You have the right to opt out of these types of disclosures of your Personal Information in accordance with the opt out methods we have provided throughout this notice.
We may sell or share for cross-context behavioral advertising purposes (and may have sold or shared during the 12-month period prior to the Effective Date of this Statement) the following categories of personal information about you to online advertising services, advertising networks and social networks:
Commercial Information
Geolocation Data
Identifiers
Internet/Online Activity
Inferences
We do not have actual knowledge that we sell or share Personal Information of minors under 18 years old.
5.3 Notice to Individuals in Applicable U.S. States
5.3.1 Your Rights to Your Personal Information
Residents of U.S. states with active U.S. state comprehensive privacy laws in effect have the right to request that Taboola (i) provide you with information on/access to the Personal Information that we may hold about you, (ii) correct your Personal Information, (iii) delete your Personal Information, (iv) provide you a copy of your Personal Information, and (v) opt-out of targeted advertising or the sale of your Personal Information. Taboola does not profile in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects. You also have a right against discrimination for exercising any of these rights, which Taboola is committed to upholding and honoring at all times.
If you would like to opt out of Taboola’s disclosures, sharing, and sales of your Personal Information and targeted advertising, you may do so as outlined in
Taboola’s U.S. State Consumer Rights Portal
. Please note that this feature is currently only available for U.S. state residents with active U.S. state comprehensive privacy laws in effect. If you would like to effectuate additional consumer rights requests, please visit
Taboola’s Data Subject Access Request Portal
.
5.3.2 Categories of Data that Taboola May Hold about You
Taboola may have used or obtained your Personal Information with respect to our Services and Sites in accordance with the chart below.
Consumer/Data Subject Type
Category of Personal Information (PI)
Sources of PI
Purpose of Collection
Sources
Customers
Identifiers (e.g., unique personal identifier, Internet Protocol address)
Commercial Information (e.g., records of products or services purchased, obtained, considered)
Internet/online activity (e.g., browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an internet website application, or advertisement)
Geolocation Data (e.g., non-precise geolocation derived from IP address)
Professional information (e.g., employment information through one of Taboola’s general inquiry forms)
Please visit section 1.1 this Privacy Notice
Please visit section 1.2 and 4.1 of this Privacy Notice
Please visit section 1.3 and 4.2 of this Privacy Notice
Users
Identifiers (e.g., unique personal identifier, Internet Protocol address)
Commercial Information (e.g., records of products or services purchased, obtained, considered)
Internet/online activity (e.g., browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an internet website application, or advertisement)
Geolocation Data (non-precise geolocation derived from IP address)
Inferences (e.g., profile created reflecting consumer’s preferences, characteristics, predispositions, behavior)
Please visit section 2.1 this Privacy Notice
Please visit section 2.2 and 4.1 of this Privacy Notice
Please visit section 2.3 and 4.2 of this Privacy Notice
Site Visitors
Identifiers (e.g., unique personal identifier, Internet Protocol address)
Commercial Information (e.g., records of products or services purchased, obtained, considered)
Internet/online activity (e.g., browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an internet website application, or advertisement)
Geolocation Data (e.g., non-precise geolocation derived from IP address)
Professional information (e.g., employment information through one of Taboola’s general inquiry forms)
Inferences (e.g., profile created reflecting consumer’s preferences, characteristics, predispositions, behavior)
Please visit section 3.1 this Privacy Notice
Please visit section 3.2 and 4.1 of this Privacy Notice
Please visit section 3.3 and 4.2 of this Privacy Notice
We may disclose your Personal Information by allowing certain third parties (such as online advertising services, advertising networks, and social networks) to collect Personal Information via automated technologies on our websites for targeted advertising purposes. You have the right to opt out of these types of disclosures of your Personal Information.
We may sell or share for targeted advertising purposes, the following categories of personal information about you to online advertising services, advertising networks and social networks:
Commercial Information
Geolocation Data
Identifiers
Internet/Online Activity
Inferences
5.4 Notice to Individuals in Thailand
5.6.1 Data Controller
If you reside in Thailand, Taboola (Thailand) Limited will be the controller of your Personal Data provided to, collected by or for, or processed by Taboola in connection with our Services.
5.6.2 Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data
If you are a Customer, Site Visitor, or User from Thailand, our legal basis for collecting and using the Personal Data described above (also referred to in this Section 5.3 as “Thailand Data”) will depend on the Personal Data concerned and the specific context in which we collect it.
However, we will normally collect Personal Data from you only (i) where we have your consent to do so, (ii) where we need the Personal Data to perform a contract with you, or (iii) where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect Personal Data from you or may otherwise need the Personal Data to protect your vital interests or those of another person.
If we ask you to provide Personal Data to comply with a legal requirement or to perform a contract with you, we will make this clear at the relevant time and advise you whether the provision of your Personal Data is mandatory or not (as well as of the possible consequences if you do not provide your Personal Data).
Similarly, if we collect and use your Personal Data in reliance on our legitimate interests (or those of any third party), we will make clear to you at the relevant time what those legitimate interests are.
5.6.3 Your Rights to Your Information
You have the right to request that Taboola (i) provide you with access to the Personal Data we hold about you, (ii) export your Personal Data, (iii) delete your Personal Data, and (iv) cease or restrict processing of your Personal Data. If you are a User and would like to understand what Personal Data and behavioural information Taboola holds about you, specifically, and how you can exercise any of your rights with respect to your Personal Data, please visit
Taboola’s Data Subject Access Request Portal
. Customers may also submit a data subject access request by emailing us at
dpo@taboola.com
so that Taboola may either respond with the relevant information or, if applicable, direct this request to, and cooperate with, your employer to respond.
If you have any questions about our collection and use of your Personal Data, please first contact us at
support@taboola.com
. If you are unable to obtain the information or resolution that you seek, you may also contact our Data Protection Officer at
dpo@taboola.com
.
5.6.4 Thailand Data Transfers
Taboola transfers data outside of Thailand. Taboola has in place an Inter Group Data Transfer Agreement across its international entities, which is based on the EEA’s standard model clauses.
As part of Taboola’s global operations, our data flows among Thailand, the EEA, the United States, Israel, and Hong Kong. To ensure that Thailand Data is adequately protected when transferred outside of Thailand, the Personal Data Protection Act, B.E. 2562 mandates that such transfers take place using certain legal mechanisms.
When transferring Thailand data elsewhere, Taboola relies on Standard Contractual Clauses, set forth by the European Commission, that outline contractual privacy and security commitments between companies that transfer personal data (for example, from Taboola (Thailand) Limited to Taboola, Inc.). Taboola, Inc. and its Affiliates have accordingly adopted Standard Contractual Clauses to ensure the legality, privacy, and security of the data flows necessary to provide, maintain, and develop our services.
Note: Taboola currently stores Customer, User, and Visitor Information in our data centers located in the United States and Israel.
5.5 Notice to Individuals in Brazil
5.7.1 Data Controller
If you reside in the Federative Republic of Brazil (“Brazil”), Taboola Brasil Internet Ltda. will be the controller of your Personal Data provided to, collected by or for, or processed by Taboola in connection with our Services.
5.7.2 Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data
If you are a Customer, Site Visitor, or User from Brazil, under the Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados federal law 13,709/2018 (the “LGPD”), our legal basis for collecting and using the Personal Data described above (also referred to in this Section 5.4 as “Brazil Data”) will depend on the Personal Data concerned and the specific context in which we collect it.
However, we will normally collect Personal Data from you only (i) where we have your consent to do so, (ii) where we need the Personal Data to perform a contract with you, or (iii) where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect Personal Data from you or may otherwise need the Personal Data to protect your vital interests or those of another person.
If we ask you to provide Personal Data to comply with a legal requirement or to perform a contract with you, we will make this clear at the relevant time and advise you whether the provision of your Personal Data is mandatory or not (as well as of the possible consequences if you do not provide your Personal Data).
Similarly, if we collect and use your Personal Data in reliance on our legitimate interests (or those of any third party), a notice will be provided to you in our disclosure statement.
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your Personal Data, including if you would like to better understand how our legitimate interests to process your data are balanced against your data protection rights and freedoms, please contact us as specified in Section 6 below.
5.7.3 Your Rights to Your Personal Data
You have the right to request that Taboola (i) confirm whether we are processing your Personal Data, (ii) provide you with access to the Personal Data we hold about you, (iii) disclose the public and private entities with which we have shared use of your Personal Data, (iv) correct your Personal Data, (v) export your Personal Data, for your own use or use by another controller (vi) anonymize, block, or delete any unnecessary or excessive data, (vii) delete all your Personal Data, and (vii) cease or restrict processing of your Personal Data. If you are a User and would like to understand what Personal Data and behavioral information Taboola holds about you, specifically, and how you can exercise any of your rights with respect to your Personal Data, please visit Taboola’s
Data Subject Access Request Portal
. Customers may also submit a data subject access request by emailing us at
dpo@taboola.com
so that Taboola may either respond with the relevant information or, if applicable, direct this request to, and cooperate with, your employer to respond.
Brazilian data subjects can file a complaint in relation to the LGPD with Brazil’s National Data Protection Authority (the “ANPD”). In the meantime, if you have any questions about our collection and use of your Personal Data, please first contact us at
support@taboola.com
. If you are unable to obtain the information or resolution that you seek, you may also contact our Data Protection Officer, Leonie Power, FieldFisher, at
dpo@taboola.com
.
5.7.4. Brazil Data Transfers
Taboola transfers data outside Brazil. As part of Taboola’s global operations, our data flows among Brazil, the EEA, the United States, Israel, and Hong Kong. To ensure that Brazil Data is adequately protected when transferred outside Brazil, the LGPD mandates that such transfers take place using
certain legal mechanisms
. Taboola has in place an Inter Group Data Transfer Agreement across its international entities, which is based on the EEA’s standard model clauses, and which may be updated upon further guidance from the future ANPD.
Note: Taboola currently stores Customer, User, and Visitor Information in our data centers located in the United States and Israel.
5.6 Notice to Individuals within the People’s Republic of China (“PRC”)
5.8.1 Processing Entity and Designated Office
If you reside in the PRC, Taboola Information Technology Shanghai Co. Ltd. will be the processing entity of your Personal Information provided to, collected by or for, or processed by Taboola in connection with our Services. Our designated office is located at Room 501i, Unit 501, 5F, No. 61 on East 3rd Middle Road, Chaoyang District, Beijing, China, and Taboola Information Technology Shanghai Co. Ltd. can be contacted at
support@taboola.com
.
5.8.2 Legal Basis for Processing Personal Information
If you are a Customer, Site Visitor, or User from the PRC, our legal basis for collecting and using the Personal Information described above (also referred to in this Section 5.5 as “PRC Data”) will depend on the Personal Information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it.
However, we will normally collect Personal Information from you only (i) where we have your consent to do so, (ii) where we need the Personal Information to perform a contract with you, or (iii) where the processing is reasonable to support news reporting or the public interest. In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect Personal Information from you or may otherwise need the Personal Information to protect your vital interests or those of another person. If we ask you to provide Personal Information to comply with a legal requirement or to perform a contract with you, we will make this clear at the relevant time and advise you whether the provision of your Personal Information is mandatory or not (as well as of the possible consequences if you do not provide your Personal Information).
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your Personal Information, please contact us as specified in Section 6 below.
5.8.3 Your Rights to Your Information
You have the right to know about and make decisions about the processing of your Personal Information — this includes the right to restrict or refuse the processing of your Personal Information. You also have the right to request that Taboola (i) provide you with access to consult or copy the Personal Information we hold about you, (ii) correct or supplement your Personal Information, (iii) transfer or export your Personal Information, (iv) delete your Personal Information, and (v) cease or restrict processing of your Personal Information. If you are a User and would like to understand what Personal Information and behavioural information Taboola holds about you, specifically, and how you can exercise any of your rights with respect to your Personal Information, please visit
Taboola’s Data Subject Access Request Portal
. Customers may also submit a data subject access request by emailing us at
dpo@taboola.com
so that Taboola may either respond with the relevant information or, if applicable, direct this request to, and cooperate with, your employer to respond.
You have the right to complain to the relevant department performing duties of Personal Information protection. However, if you have any questions about our collection and use of your Personal Information, please first contact us at
support@taboola.com
. If you are unable to obtain the information or resolution that you seek, you may also contact our Data Protection Officer at
dpo@taboola.com
.
5.8.4 PRC Data Transfers
To provide Taboola’s Services, Personal Information about individuals in the PRC is collected by a server in Hong Kong, and our data then flows between Hong Kong, Israel, the EEA, the UK, the United States, and Singapore. Taboola does not store any Personal Information in the PRC, and instead stores Customer, User, and Visitor information in our data centers located in Israel and the United States.
When Taboola transfers Personal Information about individuals in the PRC to Taboola.com Ltd. in Israel, it relies (as applicable) on standard contractual clauses as set forth by the European Commission. In particular, non-PRC Taboola Affiliates, like Taboola, Inc. in the United States, have accordingly adopted Standard Contractual Clauses to ensure the legality, privacy, and security of the data flows necessary to provide, maintain, and develop our services.
6. Data Broker Requirements
THE ENTITY MAINTAINING THIS WEBSITE IS A DATA BROKER UNDER TEXAS LAW. TO CONDUCT BUSINESS IN TEXAS, A DATA BROKER MUST REGISTER WITH THE TEXAS SECRETARY OF STATE (TEXAS SOS). INFORMATION ABOUT DATA BROKER REGISTRANTS IS AVAILABLE ON THE TEXAS SOS WEBSITE.
The entity maintaining this website is a data broker under Texas law. To conduct business in Texas, a data broker must register with the Texas Secretary of State (Texas SOS). Information about data broker registrants is available on the Texas SOS website.
7. Contact Us
If you have questions about the privacy aspects of our Sites or Services, please contact us at
support@taboola.com
. If you wish to receive this policy in an alternative format, please contact privacy@taboola.com.
The names and contact details of our Affiliates which may process your Personal Information in their capacity as data controllers, can be found here:
www.taboola.com/contact
.
Residents in Brazil, China, the European Economic Area (including the United Kingdom) and Thailand, if you wish to escalate your inquiry after contacting the support team, you are welcome to contact our Data Protection Officer, Leonie Power, FieldFisher at
dpo@taboola.com
.
8. Changes to This Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is current as of the Effective Date set forth above.
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time, so please be sure to check back periodically. We will post any changes to this Privacy Policy on our Sites.
If we make any changes to this Privacy Policy that materially affect our practices with regard to the Information we have previously collected from you, we will endeavor to provide you with notice in advance of such change by highlighting the change on our Sites. We will seek your prior consent to any material changes, if and where this is required by applicable data protection laws.
Sub-policy 15
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation:
Notice
You must log in to continue.
Log Into Facebook
You must log in to continue.
Log In
Forgot account?
·
Sign up for Facebook
English (US)
Gaeilge
Polski
Lietuvių
Português (Brasil)
Русский
Română
Español
Français (France)
Deutsch
Italiano
Meta © 2025
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to help provide and improve content on
Meta Products
. We also use them to provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and to provide and improve Meta Products for people who have an account.
Essential cookies: These cookies are required to use Meta Products and are necessary for our sites to work as intended.
Cookies from other companies: We use these cookies to show you ads off of Meta Products and to provide features like maps and videos on Meta Products. These cookies are optional.
You have control over the optional cookies we use. Learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choices at any time in our
Cookies Policy
.
About cookies
What are cookies?
Learn more
Why do we use cookies?
Learn more
What are Meta Products?
Learn more
Your cookie choices
Learn more
Cookies from other companies
We use cookies from
other companies
in order to show you ads off of our Products, and provide features like maps, payment services and video.
Choose cookies by category
How we use these cookies
If you allow these cookies
If you don't allow these cookies
Other ways you can control your information
Manage your ad experience in Accounts Center
More information about online advertising
Controlling cookies with browser settings
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Sub-policy 16
https://www.rtbhouse.com/privacy/:
Privacy
Privacy
Center
Services Privacy Policy
Website Privacy Policy
Privacy Support Center for Advertisers and Publishers
1. General information
2. How do we collect data
3. What data we process
4. How we use your data
5. Personal Data Processing (GDPR)
6. CCPA Privacy Policy
7. LGPD Privacy Policy
8. Data Security Measures
9. Exercising Your Privacy Rights
10. Privacy Policy Changes
11. Contact
Services Privacy Policy
See all language versions
This Privacy Policy is designed to describe how we approach your privacy as an Internet user interacting with websites that have implemented our advertising technology.
Please note that this Policy does not pertain to the processing of personal data we collect through the www.rtbhouse.com website. This issue is comprehensively addressed in RTB House Website Privacy Policy.
1. General information
We are an advertising technology company that provides online
advertisement
services to advertisers (e.g., e-shops) in the programmatic advertising environment. Our role is to give advertisers an effective tool to display ads of their products or services on
publishers’
websites and mobile applications you visit (e.g., news portals). Our ads are
personalized
, i.e., based on the information on your previous online activity. We will display to you the ads of those advertisers whose websites or apps you had visited in the past (a service known as retargeting) or ads that we believe otherwise match your current shopping interests.
In order to serve personalized ads, we process
certain information related to your online activity
that helps us understand what your current shopping interests might be and allows us to display an ad and analyze how it performs. While doing so, we aim at ensuring the highest level of privacy protection and transparency. We strictly comply with all applicable privacy laws, in particular the EU General Data Protection Regulation (
GDPR
), Directive on Privacy and Electronic Communications (
E-Privacy Directive
), as well as established best practices on the digital advertising market.
2. How do we collect data
In order to collect your data, we use
cookies
, which are text files inserted in your web browser when you visit advertisers’ or publishers’ websites or apps, as well as
other tracking technologies
available on your device, such as mobile advertising ID. They allow us to register certain activities you perform on those websites or apps.
We operate under the creativecdn.com domain while providing our services. We store two cookies under this domain: (a) “u” which contains unique ID established for the browser you use (b) “ts” which stores the timestamp needed to establish cookie lifetime.
3. What data we process
We process the following
three main groups of data
:
(a)       Information related to your
browsing activity on advertisers’ websites or apps
— it helps us understand what sorts of products and services you are interested in and, consequently, determine which ads should be displayed to you to match your current shopping interests. We process this data on behalf of the advertisers for whom we conduct advertising campaigns (as a data processor), specifically for the purpose of creating your user profile.
(b)      Information that you are currently entering a publisher’s website or app, where we may display an ad to you — it comes within a so called
bid request
, which is an offer to buy an advertising space on the publisher’s website or app in order to display an ad (for details, see Section 4 below). We process this information as a data controller for the purposes of displaying ads, ad measurement, brand safety, product development, and fraud detection.
(c)       Information regarding the delivery of our ads, i.e.,
impressions
of an ad (e.g., whether we displayed an ad to you and, if so, which ad we selected) and your
interactions
with an ad (e.g., whether you clicked on it). We process this information as a data controller for the purposes of displaying ads (in particular for frequency capping and ad rotation), ad measurement, and product development.
You may find a full list of categories of data we process as a data controller in our
GDPR privacy notice
(
see Section 5 below
).
While providing our services,
we do not collect personally identifiable information (PII)
, such as names, e-mail addresses, postal addresses, telephone numbers, or
financial data
, such as credit card details.
We do not receive any additional data from advertisers or partners
, which, along with the data collected by our technology, would enable us to directly identify you.
4. How we use your data
While you are visiting an
advertiser’s website or app
(e.g., an e-shop), we collect certain information related to your activity there, such as which items you viewed, put in the basket, and bought. Those browsing patterns on the advertiser’s website or app help us understand what sorts of products and services you are currently interested in and thus display to you, on publishers’ digital properties (e.g., news portals), only ads compatible with these interests.
We display our personalized ads with the use of a programmatic instantaneous auction system known as
real-time bidding (RTB)
. Real-time bidding procedure happens at the moment you enter a publisher’s website or app that offers an advertising space for sale. While such website is loading, a
bid request
is sent to us by the publisher or our business partner cooperating with the publisher (e.g., supply-side platform, SSP) inviting us to buy a certain ad space. After receiving such bid request, our technology uses information about your previous browsing activity on advertisers’ websites or apps to decide whether to buy the auctioned ad space and, if so, which ad to display.
For instance, if you had recently visited our client’s e-shop looking for running shoes, we may display to you an ad of those same running shoes you had viewed there and similar running shoes or complementary products, such as running clothes offered by that advertiser.
We may also use information on the content of the website where the ad is to be displayed for the additional personalization of this particular ad. However, we never use such website content to personalize future ads, in particular we do not assign this information to your user profile in order to categorize you (e.g., by assigning you to a particular population segment) or try to determine your shopping interests on the basis of your browsing history on publishers’ websites or apps.
Moreover,
we do not use your browsing data across advertisers
, which means that a browsing activity from one advertiser’s website or app does not affect other advertisers’ ads we display. For instance, the fact that you looked for swimming equipment in an e-shop of our client “A” will not result in us displaying you swimming equipment from an e-shop of our client “B” (unless you had previously browsed similar products on “B” e-shop as well).
After we display an ad to you, we collect information regarding ad
impressions
(e.g., that we indeed displayed an ad to you, which ad was selected, and when and on what type of device it was displayed) and your
interactions
with the ad (mainly whether you clicked on it or not). We use this information for the analysis of how our ads perform, for the creation of statistical reports for advertisers regarding the delivery of their ads, and subsequently for attribution and billing purposes. We also process this data for the control of the frequency of ads we display to you (frequency capping) and for product development purposes.
Our platform is integrated with the RTB environment through matching of our technical identifiers, e.g., cookie IDs or mobile advertising IDs (
“cookie matching”
) with those used by our business partners. It enables us to (a) receive a bid request and eventually serve an ad on a publisher’s website or app that uses our business partners’ digital advertising technology and (b) collect information related to our ad serving activities.
Upon an advertiser’s specific request and on the basis of the information provided by such advertiser, we may perform
cross-device
tracking that consists of displaying the same categories of ads of this particular advertiser’s products or services on different devices you use (e.g. laptops and smartphones). We do not, however, perform specific data analyses in order to link the devices you use on the basis of the patterns of your online behavior (i.e., we do not conduct probabilistic cross-device tracking).
We also use your personal data for the detection of frauds and other potential dangers to privacy security, for the calculation of the usage levels of our technology, and for brand safety purposes, i.e., to analyze whether publishers’ websites are a suitable environment for our ads to be displayed and to develop and improve our products.
We do not purchase any third-party data from data providers for service optimization purposes or sell data we process to any third parties.
Advertisers and publishers whose websites or apps you visit may independently collect and use your data for different purposes. Please consult their privacy policies for more information in this regard.
5. Personal Data Processing (GDPR)
Although, as described above, we do not collect personally identifiable information (PII), the data we do process is tied to unique online identification numbers that, under the GDPR, are considered “online identifiers” that allow us to “single out” a specific user from other users. According to the GDPR, such information may be considered personal data (this type of non-personally identifiable data is referred to as “
pseudonymous data
”). Consequently, in cases where the GDPR applies to our services, we assure compliance with all the requirements established by this regulation.
We have also appointed a
data protection officer
, whom you may contact if you have further questions. Please see Section 9 below for the Data Protection Officer contact details.
As a part of the GDPR compliance program, we have joined the
IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework
(TCF) as a registered vendor (ID No.: 16) and comply with the TCF policies. For more information, please visit
https://iabeurope.eu/
.
As mentioned above, some of data we use for providing services, we process as a data controller, which means we are solely responsible for it, and some – as a data processor i.e. on behalf of advertisers. You may access a set of information required by the GDPR pertaining to our data processing activities as a
data controller
in our GDPR Privacy Notice.
5.1. Data Controllers
RTB House S.A.
61/101 Złota Street
00-819 Warsaw, Poland
RTB House Poland sp. z o.o.
61/101 Złota Street
00-819 Warsaw, Poland
RTB House Ltd.
Kemp House, 160 City Road
London EC1V 2NX,
United Kingdom
RTB House Latam Ltd.
293 Green Lanes,
London, N13 4XS,
United Kingdom
RTB House s.r.o
Vinohradská 2828/151, Žižkov
130 00 Praha 3, Czech Republic
RTB House GmbH
Kurfürstendamm 226
10719 Berlin, Germany
RTB House Nordics AB
Box 70396 (World Trade Centre, Klarabergsviadukten 70)
107 24 Stockholm, Sweden
RTB House France SAS
112 Avenue Kléber
75016 Paris, France
RTB House Benelux BV
Amstelplein 6,
1096 BC, Amsterdam, Netherlands
Barakc Jam Kft
Pannónia utca 85
1133 Budapest, Hungary
RTB House Italy s.r.l.
Piazza Euclide 47,
00197 Rome, Italy
RTBH Retargeting SL
Maria de Molina 1,
entreplanta izquierda, 28006,
Madrid, Spain
RTB Marketing & Tech Services Ltd
Kyriakou Matsi 18, 2nd Floor,
Egkomi, Nicosia 2408, Cyprus
RTB House Inc.
33 E. 33rd Street 6th FL New York, NY
10016 United States of America
acting as
Joint Controllers
5.2. The substantial terms of the arrangement between the joint controllers
RTB House S.A. acts as a Leading controller.
The processing of personal data of data subjects is carried out via the bidding system, an IT system which is owned and managed by the Leading Controller.
The Controllers jointly agree and implement all relevant security policies and procedures regarding personal data to achieve a coherent protection system.
The Leading Controller is obliged to assure that the data subject receives a notification compliant with requirements laid down in Articles 13 or 14 of the GDPR. Each of the Joint Controllers is obliged to reveal to the Leading Controller any recipients to whom it has disclosed personal data.
Joint Controllers have appointed a single Data Protection Officer who is responsible for handling data subjects’ requests.
The Controllers jointly make decisions regarding data subject’s rights laid down in the GDPR.
The lead supervisory authority for the group of undertakings is located in Poland.
5.3. Purpose of the processing
We will process your personal data, which includes
storing and accessing certain information on your device
(such as cookies or device identifiers) in order to carry out the following:
use limited data to select advertising,
create profiles for personalised advertising,
use profiles to select personalised advertising,
measure advertising performance,
understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources,
develop and improve services,
ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors,
deliver and present advertising and content,
save and communicate privacy choices.
5.4. Categories of personal data
For the above purposes, we will process the following categories of your personal data:
unique online identifiers (including cookie IDs and mobile advertising IDs);
URLs of the web pages you visited (“referrer”);
data related to ad impressions and your interactions with our ads on publishers’ websites or apps;
technical browser and device information (“user agent”);
timestamps
IP addresses indicating your general (non-specific) location.
5.5. Legal basis for the processing
The legal basis for storage and/or access information on your device as well as for the processing of your personal data for the purposes: (1) use limited data to select advertising, (2) create profiles for personalised advertising, (3) use profiles to select personalised advertising, (4) measure advertising performance, (5) understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, (6) develop and improve services, is the
consent
you give on publishers’ websites or apps. You are entitled to withdraw the consent to the processing of your personal data and storing and/or accessing information on your device by us at any moment. You may do so by clicking an opt-out button on our opt-out page:
https://optout.rtbhouse.com
or by contacting us directly at:
dpo@rtbhouse.com
.
With respect to (1) ensuring security, preventing fraud, and fixing errors, (2) delivering and presenting advertising, and (3) saving and communicating privacy choices, the legal basis for the processing of your personal data is the
legitimate interest
of the controller, pursuant to Article 6 Section 1 (f) of the GDPR.
5.6. Sources of the personal data
We obtain your data either from publishers, on whose digital properties we display our advertisements, or from supply-side platforms (SSPs), cooperating with publishers for the purposes of delivering personalized advertisements. An example of an SSP we cooperate with is Google AdX. You can read more about Google's privacy practices and its use of cookies on this
website
.
We collect some of the information, such as data related to ad impressions and your interactions with ads, ourselves from publishers’ websites or apps.
5.7. Recipients of the personal data
We may transfer your data to
our processors
(e.g., IT service providers and data centers) where such entities process data on the basis of a contract with us and only in accordance with our instructions.
We may also transfer very limited amounts of data to our
business partners
(e.g., SSPs) in a response to a bid request in order to be technically able to display an ad.
5.8. Data subject’s rights
You have the following rights with respect to your personal data:
the right to withdraw your consent to the processing at any time, e.g., by means of an opt-out procedure without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal;
the right to object to the processing of the personal data for direct marketing purposes or, on grounds relating to your particular situation, whenever the legal basis for processing is controllers’ legitimate interest;
the right to access to the personal data;
the right to obtain from the controller restriction of processing as referred to in Article 18 of GDPR;
the right to request that your personal data be corrected if it is found to be inaccurate or out of date;
the right to request your personal data be erased where it is no longer necessary for us to retain such data;
the right, where there is a dispute in relation to the accuracy or processing of your personal data, to request a restriction is placed on further processing; and
the right to request that we provide you with your personal data and where possible to transmit that data directly to another data controller. You are entitled to request a copy of your personal data processed by us.
5.9. Profiling
Within the scope of processing that we undertake as a data controller, we conduct activities that may be deemed “profiling” of your personal data only to a very limited extent (i.e., analysis of data regarding ad impressions and your interactions with our ads for ad measurement purposes).
We do, however, conduct profiling with respect to the data related to your browsing activity on advertisers’ websites or apps (i.e., data we process on behalf of advertisers, as a data processor). We analyze it in order to display to you an ad that we believe you will be most interested in, as described in Section 4 above.
In any case, the
profiling does not produce any legal effects toward users
or similarly significantly affects them. In particular, it does not result in price discrimination among the users based on their behavioral profile.
5.10. Retention periods
We immediately delete all data received in
bid requests
, except for a minor fraction needed for statistical and analytical purposes (including brand safety and fraud detection), which is stored for no more than 100 days.
The data regarding ad
impressions
and your
interactions
with the ad is kept as long as it is needed for statistical, settlement, and product development purposes. It is stored for no longer than 500 days from its collection, except that the data from ad interactions is stored for additional 65 days on our backup systems, where it is not actively used and is deleted according to the predefined retention schedule.
After the lapse of periods specified above, the data is
truncated or effectively anonymized
.
In any case, we promptly respond to data subject requests related to the execution of the
right to be forgotten
by deleting all personal data covered by a given request.
5.11. Transfers to third country and safeguards
We shall not transfer or permit any of your personal data to be transferred to a territory outside of the European Economic Area unless we have taken such measures that are necessary to ensure that the transfer is in compliance with applicable laws. Such measures may include (without limitation) transferring personal data to a recipient in a country that the European Commission has decided provides adequate protection for personal data as referred to in Article 45 of the GDPR.
If you wish to find the list of the countries that the European Commission recognized as providing adequate protection, then
click here
.
5.12. Further Processing
If we need to use your personal data for a purpose not covered by this notice, then we will provide you with a new notice explaining such new use, prior to commencing the processing, and setting out the relevant purposes and processing conditions. Where and whenever necessary, we will seek your prior consent to the new processing operation.
5.13. Data Protection Officer
We have appointed a data protection officer. It is a person you may contact regarding any issues related to privacy issues at RTB House and the exercise of your rights concerning the processing of your personal data.
You may contact our Data Protection Officer:
by mail to the following address: Katarzyna Kamińska, RTB House SA, 61/101 Złota St., 00-819 Warsaw, Poland and
by e-mail:
dpo@rtbhouse.com
.
5.14. Contact details and lodging a complaint with supervisory authority
To exercise all relevant rights and the queries of complaints, please contact RTB House S.A. via e-mail (
dpo@rtbhouse.com
).
You are also entitled to lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority, in particular in the Member State of your habitual residence, place of work, or an alleged infringement of the GDPR. Please find the contact details to supervisory authorities that have jurisdiction over our activity.
POLAND
Prezes Urzędu Ochrony Danych Osobowych
https://www.uodo.gov.pl/pl/p/kontakt
2 Stawki St.
00-193 Warszawa, Poland
T: + 606-950-000
GERMANY
Berliner Beauftragte für Datenschutz und Informationsfreiheit
Friedrichstr. 219
10969 Berlin
Tel.: +49 30 13889-0
Fax: +49 30 2155050
E-Mail: mailbox@datenschutz-berlin.de
CZECH REPUBLIC
Úřad pro ochranu osobních údajů
posta@uoou.cz
Pplk. Sochora 27
170 00 Praha 7
T: +420 234 665 111
UNITED KINGDOM
Information Commissioner’s Office
casework@ico.org.uk
Wycliffe House
Water Lane, Wilmslow
Cheshire, SK9 5AF
T: + 44 0303 123 1113
SWEDEN
Datainspektionen
datainspektionen@datainspektionen.se
Drottninggatan 29, 5th floor
Box 8114
SE-104 20 Stockholm
T: +46-70 736 10 80
FRANCE
Commission Nationale de l’Informatique et des Libertés
3 Place de Fontenoy
TSA 80715
75334 PARIS CEDEX 07, France
T: +33 (0)1 53 73 22 22
NETHERLANDS
Autoriteit Persoonsgegevens
Postbus 93374
2509 AJ DEN HAAG
T: +31 – (0)70 – 888 85 00
HUNGARY
Nemzeti Adatvédelmi És
Információszabadság Hatóság
privacy@naih.hu
H-1125 Budapest
Szilágyi Erzsébet fasor 22/C
T+: +36 -1-391-1400 F
ITALY
Garante per la protezione
dei dati personali,
Piazza Venezia n. 11 – 00187 Roma,
garante@gpdp.it
SPAIN
Agencia Española
de Protección de Datos,
C/ Jorge Juan, 6. 28001 – Madrid
CYPRUS
Office of the Commissioner for Personal Data Protection
Iasonos 1, 1082 Nicosia, Cyprus
P.O.Box 23378, 1682 Nicosia, Cyprus
6. CCPA Privacy Policy
In these California Consumer Privacy Act Disclosures (“CCPA Disclosures”), we, RTB House Inc. (“RTB House”, “we”) disclosure information about our data processing practices as required by the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA). These CCPA Disclosures are effective January 1, 2020. You can download a
PDF version here
.
I. Who and what information is subject to these CCPA Disclosures?
California residents are protected as “consumers” by the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) with respect to personal information.
II. How can a consumer with a disability access these CCPA Disclosures?
Consumers who have a visual disability may be able to use a screen reader or other text-to-speech or text-to-Braille tool to review the contents of this notice.
III. CCPA Privacy Policy
We are providing the disclosures about consumer rights and our personal information handling practices in the preceding twelve months, as required by the CCPA and regulations of the California Attorney General, including §999.308. You may access a set of information required by the CCPA pertaining to our data processing activities as a business under the CCPA in our CCPA Privacy Policy
6.1. Right to Know About Personal InformationCollected, Disclosed, or Sold
This CCPA Privacy Policy describes personal information we generally collect, use, disclose about California residents. You have the right to request that we disclose what personal information we collect, use and disclose about you specifically (“right to know”). To submit a request to exercise the right to know, please submit an email request to
dpo@rtbhouse.com
and include “California Request to Know” in the subject line or call our toll-free phone number [+1
0000000000]. Please specify in your request the details you would like to know, including any specific pieces of personal information you would like to access.
We will ask that you provide certain information to verify your identity. The information that we ask you to provide to verify your identity will depend on your prior interactions with us and the sensitivity of the personal information at issue. We will respond to your request in accordance with the CCPA. If we deny your request, we will explain why.
6.2. Our Personal Information Handling Practices
We have set out below categories of personal information we have collected about California residents in the preceding 12 months and, for each category of personal information collected, the categories of sources from which that information was collected, the business or commercial purposes for which the information was collected and the categories of third parties with whom we shared the personal information.
6.2.1.
Category of personal information
Identifiers such as an unique online identifiers (including cookie IDs and mobile advertising IDs)
We collected such personal information to use for the following business or commercial purposes:
(a) use limited data to select advertising,
(b) create profiles for personalised advertising,
(c) use profiles to select personalised advertising,
(d) measure advertising performance,
(e) understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources,
(f) develop and improve services,
(g) ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors,
(h) deliver and present advertising and content,
(i) save and communicate privacy choices.
We have collected such personal information from the following categories of sources:
Our business partners i.e.:
(a) Supply Side Platforms
(b) Publishers
We shared such personal information with the following categories of third parties:
We share this information with our service providers such as data centers and companies of RTB House Corporate Group that provide us with technical support and campaign management services.
In addition, we share this information with the Supply Side Platforms in order to receive from them the bid requests concerning digital properties.
6.2.2.
Category of personal information
Identifiers such as an Internet Protocol address indicating your general (non-specific) location (Geolocation data.)
We collected such personal information to use for the following business or commercial purposes:
(a) use limited data to select advertising,
(b) create profiles for personalised advertising,
(c) use profiles to select personalised advertising,
(d) measure advertising performance,
(e) understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources,
(f) develop and improve services,
(g) ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
(h) deliver and present advertising and content,
(i) save and communicate privacy choices.
We have collected such personal information from the following categories of sources:
Our business partners i.e.:
(a) Supply Side Platforms
(b) Publishers.
We shared such personal information with the following categories of third parties:
We share this information only with our service providers such as data centers and companies of RTB House Corporate Group that provide us with technical support and campaign management services.
6.2.3.
Category of personal information
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including browsing history and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an Internet Web site, application or advertisement i.e.:
(a) URLs of the web pages you visited (“referrer”)
(b) data related to ad impressions and your interactions with our ads on publishers’ websites or apps
(c) technical browser and device information (“user agent”)
(d) timestamps.
We collected such personal information to use for the following business or commercial purposes:
(a) use limited data to select advertising,
(b) create profiles for personalised advertising,
(c) use profiles to select personalised advertising,
(d) measure advertising performance,
(e) understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources,
(f) develop and improve services,
(g) ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
(h) deliver and present advertising and content,
(i) save and communicate privacy choices.
We have collected such personal information from the following categories of sources:
Our business partners i.e.:
(a) Supply Side Platforms
(b) Publishers.
We shared such personal information with the following categories of third parties:
We share this information only with our service providers such as data centers and companies of RTB House Corporate Group that provide us with technical support and campaign management services.
6.3. Disclosures and Sale of Personal Information
Over the preceding 12 months, we have not sold any categories of California residents’ personal information to third parties. We disclosed the following categories of California residents’ personal information to Supply Side Platforms: online identifiers.
6.4. Right to Request Deletion of Personal Information
You have a right to request the deletion of personal information that we collect or maintain about you. To submit a request to delete personal information, please submit an email request to
dpo@rtbhouse.com
and include “California Request to Delete” in the subject line. Please specify in your request the personal information about you that you would like to have deleted, which can be all of your personal information as required by the CCPA.
We will ask that you provide certain information to verify your identity. The information that we ask you to provide to verify your identity will depend on your prior interactions with us and the sensitivity of the personal information at issue. Once we have verified your identity, we will ask you to confirm that you wish to have your personal information deleted. Once confirmed, we will respond to your request in accordance with the CCPA. If we deny your request, we will explain why.
6.5. Right to Opt-Out of the Sale of Personal Information
You have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information by a
business. We do not, and will not, sell your personal information. However, if you wish for RTB House to stop providing personalized advertisements for you, you can opt-out of our technology.
6.6. Right to Non-Discrimination for the Exercise of a Consumer’s Privacy Rights
You may not be discriminated against because you exercise any of your rights under the CCPA in violation of Cal. Civ. Code §1798.125.
6.7. Authorized Agent
You can designate an authorized agent to make a request under the CCPA on your behalf if:
The authorized agent is a natural person or a business entity registered with the Secretary of State of California; and
You sign a written declaration that you authorize the authorized agent to act on your behalf.
If you use an authorized agent to submit a request to exercise your right to know or your right to request deletion, please have the authorized agent take the following steps in addition to the steps described in Sections 2 and 3 above:
Mail a certified copy of your written declaration authorizing the authorized agent to act on your behalf to
dpo@rtbhouse.com
and
Provide any information we request in our response to your email to verify your identity. The information that we ask you to provide to verify your identity will depend on your prior interactions with us and the sensitivity of the personal information at issue.
If you provide an authorized agent with power of attorney pursuant to Probate Code sections 4000 to 4465, it may not be necessary to perform these steps and we will respond to any request from such authorized agent in accordance with the CCPA.
6.8. Contact for More Information
If you have questions or concerns regarding our privacy policy or practices, you may contact us using the following details:
Email address:
dpo@rtbhouse.com
Postal address: 135 Madison Ave, 33 East 33rd Street, NY 10016, New York
Last Updated: January 1, 2020
6.9. PROCESSING PERSONAL INFORMATION AS A SERVICE PROVIDER
As a service provider of our Clients, RTB House processes the following
categories of personal information on behalf of our clients for the purpose of
direct marketing of Client’s goods or services:
(a) unique online identifiers, including cookie IDs and mobile advertising IDs;
(b) data related to consumers’ activity on the digital properties controlled by the
Client;
(c) technical browser and device information (“user agent”);
(d) timestamps recording consumer’s activity on the Client’s websites. In the event that the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) applies, RTB House: (a) will not sell any consumer personal information collected on our Client’s website in relation to providing digital advertising services to the Client (“Consumer Personal Information”);
(b) will not retain, use or disclose the Consumer Personal Information for any purposes, other than for the specific purpose of performing the services specified in the agreement i.e. direct marketing of the Client’s goods or services, by optimization, selection and delivery of personalized advertisements to consumers on third party digital properties, or as otherwise permitted by the CCPA;
(c) will not retain, use or disclose the consumer personal information outside of the direct business relationship between RTB House and the Client under the agreement; and
(d) will honor the request of any consumer to delete that Consumer Personal Information, however that request may be received – either directly from the consumer, from an authorized agent of the consumer, or from the Client – unless RTB House, otherwise is permitted by law to not delete the consumer personal information.
7. LGPD Privacy Policy
7.1. Data controller
Under the Brazilian Personal General Data Protection Law (“LGPD”), RTB House Brazil Serviços de Tecnologia em Internet LTDA, Av. Brigadeiro Faria Lima, 1485, Andar 1, Sala 117, Torre Norte, Jardim Paulistano, São Paulo, (“RTB House” or “We” or “Us”) disclosure information about our data processing practices as required by the LGPD.
7.2. Data Protection Officer
We have appointed a data protection officer. It is a person you may contact regarding any issues related to privacy issues at RTB House and the exercise of your rights concerning the processing of your personal data.
You may contact our Data Protection Officer Katarzyna Kamińska:
by mail to the following address: RTB House SA, 61/101 Złota St., 00-819 Warsaw, Poland and
by e-mail:
dpo@rtbhouse.com
.
7.3. Purpose of the processing
We will process your personal data, which includes storing and accessing certain information on your device (such as cookies or device identifiers) in order to carry out the following:
use limited data to select advertising,
create profiles for personalized advertising,
use profiles to select personalized advertising,
measure advertising performance,
understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources,
develop and improve services,
ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors,
deliver and present advertising and content,
save and communicate privacy choices.
7.4. Categories of personal data
For the above purposes, we will process the following categories of your personal data:
unique online identifiers (including cookie IDs and mobile advertising IDs);
URLs of the web pages you visited (“referrer”);
data related to ad impressions and your interactions with our ads on publishers’ websites or apps;
technical browser and device information (“user agent”);
timestamps
IP addresses indicating your general (non-specific) location.
7.5. Legal basis for the processing
The legal basis for the processing of your personal data for the purposes of (1) using limited data to select advertising, (2) measuring advertising performance, (3) developing and improving services, (4) creating profiles for personalized advertising, (5) using profiles to select personalized advertising, (6) understanding audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, is the consent you give on publishers’ websites or apps. You are entitled to withdraw the consent to the processing of your personal data by us at any moment.
You may do so by clicking an opt-out button on our opt-out page: https://optout.rtbhouse.com or by contacting us directly at:
dpo@rtbhouse.com
.
With respect to (1) ensuring security, preventing fraud, and fixing errors, (2) delivering and presenting advertising, and (3) saving and communicating privacy choices, the legal basis for the processing of your personal data is the legitimate interest of the controller, pursuant to Article 7 IX of the LGPD.
7.6. Sources of personal data
We obtain your data either from publishers, on whose digital properties we display our advertisements, or from supply-side platforms (SSPs), cooperating with publishers for the purposes of delivering personalized advertisements. An example of an SSP we cooperate with is Google AdX. You can read more about Google's privacy practices and its use of cookies on this website.
We collect some of the information, such as data related to ad impressions and your interactions with ads, from publishers’ websites or apps.
7.7. Recipients of personal data
We may transfer your data to our processors (e.g., IT service providers and data centers), where such entities process data on the basis of a contract with us and only in accordance with our instructions.
We may also transfer very limited amounts of data to our business partners (e.g., SSPs) in response to a bid request in order to be technically able to display an ad.
7.8. Data subject’s rights
You have the following rights with respect to your personal data:
confirmation of the existence of the processing (article 18, I LGPD);
access to the data (article 18, II LGPD);
correction of incomplete, inaccurate, or out-of-date data (article 18, III LGPD);
anonymization, blocking, or deletion of unnecessary or excessive data or data processed in noncompliance with the provisions of the LGPD (article 18, IV LGPD);
portability of the data to another service or product provider by means of an express request and subject to commercial and industrial secrecy, pursuant to the regulation of the controlling agency (article 18, V LGPD);
deletion of personal data processed with the consent of the data subject, except in the situations provided in LGPD (article 18, VI LGPD);
information about public and private entities with which we shared data (article 18, VII LGPD);
information about the possibility of denying consent and the consequences of such denial (article 18, VIII LGPD);
revocation of consent, e.g., by means of an opt-out procedure (article 18, IX LGPD);
the petition, regarding your data, against us before the National Data Protection Authority (“ANPD”) (article 18, §1 LGPD)
oppose the processing carried out based on one of the situations of waiver of consent if there is noncompliance with the provisions of the LGPD (article 18, §2 LGPD)
7.9. Profiling
Within the scope of processing that we undertake as a data controller, we conduct activities that may be deemed “profiling” of your personal data only to a very limited extent (i.e., analysis of data regarding ad impressions and your interactions with our ads for ad measurement purposes).
We do, however, conduct profiling with respect to the data related to your browsing activity on advertisers’ websites or apps (i.e., data we process on behalf of advertisers as a data processor). We analyze it in order to display to you an ad that we believe you will be most interested in, as described in Section pertaining to the purposes of the processing included above.
In any case, the profiling does not produce any legal effects toward users or similarly significantly affects them. In particular, it does not result in price discrimination among the users based on their behavioral profile.
7.10. Retention periods
We immediately delete all data received in bid requests, except for a minor fraction needed for statistical and analytical purposes (including brand safety and fraud detection), which is stored for no more than 100 days.
The data regarding ad impressions and your interactions with the ad is kept as long as it is needed for statistical, settlement, and product development purposes. It is stored for no longer than 500 days from its collection, except that the data from ad interactions is stored for additional 65 days on our backup systems, where it is not actively used and is deleted according to the predefined retention schedule.
After the lapse of periods specified above, the data is truncated or effectively anonymized.
In any case, we promptly respond to data subject requests related to the execution of the right to delete all personal data covered by a given request.
7.11. Transfers to third countries and safeguards
We shall not transfer or permit any of your personal data to be transferred to a territory outside of Brazil unless we have taken such measures that are necessary to ensure that the transfer is in compliance with applicable laws, especially but not limited to, the provisions of article 33 of the LGPD.
RTB House may transfer personal data to the European Union only for the purposes of the processing indicated above.
7.12. Further Processing
If we need to use your personal data for a purpose not covered by this notice, we will provide you with a new notice explaining such new use and setting out the relevant purposes and processing conditions prior to commencing the processing. Where and whenever necessary, we will seek your prior consent to the new processing operation.
7.13. Contact details and lodging a complaint with supervisory authority
To exercise all relevant rights and the queries of complaints, please contact us via e-mail (
dpo@rtbhouse.com
).
You are also entitled to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority:
Autoridade Nacional de Proteção de Dados (ANPD)
Praça dos Três Poderes - Brasília (DF) - Planalto Palace, Annex I, Wing B, Room 101.
https://www.gov.br/anpd/pt-br
8. Data Security Measures
We have implemented organizational and technical measures to assure an appropriate level of security of your data. We have deployed procedures regarding every aspect of data processing, and we carefully select technologies used for such processing and any data recipients.
Your data is protected against human interactions, equipment malfunctions, internal or external attacks, losses, or misuses. We store it in top-tier multi-tenant data centers operated by market-leading companies with appropriate data security certifications (in particular ISO 27001). In order to ensure the ongoing confidentiality and availability of your data, we use encryption and a back-up mechanism.
We constantly monitor the implemented security measures and develop the awareness and knowledge about privacy and personal data protection at our company on an ongoing basis.
9. Exercising Your Privacy Rights
If, after having been acquainted with the extent of data collected about your online activity, you have any concerns about your privacy, then you may disallow the collection of data by means of tracking technologies used by us specifically or by all providers in the following ways.
You may
disable cookies in your web browser and mobile devices
, which will prevent the collection of data by all providers.
For web browsers, please refer to your browser’s settings, as the procedure may depend on the browser you use. Please note that, due to the common use of cookies, turning them off may prevent you from using a variety of websites.
For mobile devices, please use device settings.
For iOS, select “Privacy” → “Tracking” → disable “Allow Apps to Request to Track”.
For Android, select “Users Area” → “Google” → “Ads” → “Opt out of Ads Personalization”.
You may also
opt out specifically from RTB House tracking technology
that will prevent us from collecting information from your browser and result in the deletion or effective anonymization of all data previously collected. In order to opt out from RTB House personalized ads, please use the following link:
Given that cookies are stored in a particular Internet browser, if you use more browsers or more devices, you must opt-out from each of them.
Furthermore, opt-out is conducted by inserting another “opt-out cookie” in your browser. Therefore, if you delete all cookies in your browser’s settings, then you will also delete an opt-out cookie. In those cases, you may need to opt-out again.
Please note that upon an advertiser’s specific request, we may configure and support the ad campaigns of the advertiser’s products of services on Facebook. If you wish to disallow the display of personalized ads on Facebook, then please manage your
Facebook Ad Settings
.
The GDPR grants you additional rights, such as the right of access, rectification, erasure, or portability of your personal data and the right to object to or restrict the processing and to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. Furthermore, where we have collected and processed your personal data subject to your consent, you can withdraw it at any time. Such withdrawal does not affect the lawfulness of the processing we have conducted prior to your withdrawal. To learn more, see our
GDPR notice
, or contact our Data Protection Officer.
10. Privacy Policy Changes
In order to develop the privacy protection, we may deem it fit or necessary to update this Privacy Policy at any time. Please follow our website where we will inform you about any material changes to our Privacy Policy.
11. Contact
If you have any further questions related to your privacy, please do not hesitate to contact our Data Protection Officer at the following:
Data Protection Officer
RTB House S.A.
61/101 Złota Street
00-819 Warsaw, Poland
dpo@rtbhouse.com
Last updated: July 12th, 2024
Sub-policy 17
http://www.clicktripz.com/privacy_policy.php:
We use cookies and other tracking technologies for analysis, to store your preferences, and for marketing (for example tailoring advertisements). See our Cookie Policy and Privacy Policy to learn about our use of these technologies. By clicking ‘ACCEPT,’ you agree to the use of all cookies and other tracking technologies as described here and in our other terms and policies, which may be updated from time to time. After giving us your consent, you can withdraw your consent by hovering at the bottom of the home page to reveal a Manage Consent tab.
The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.
The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.
The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.
Manage options
Manage services
Manage {vendor_count} vendors
Read more about these purposes
Accept
Deny
View preferences
Save preferences
View preferences
Privacy Policy
{title}
{title}
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
We know that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. This notice describes our privacy policy. By visiting clicktripz.com or consenting to our tracking on a third-party website or app, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
What Personal Information About Customers Does Clicktripz Gather?
We may collect personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”). Personal Information is any data that may be used to identify you personally and includes email address and IP address.
The information we learn from customers helps us personalize and continually improve your shopping and web browsing experience. Here are the types of information we gather. Information You Give Us: We receive and store any Personal Information you enter on our website or give us in any other way. You can choose not to provide certain Personal Information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of certain features that rely on that information. You can opt out from having Clicktripz personalize your ads by following the instructions
here
. Information Shared with Us through Third Parties: Third parties may provide or provide access to personal information about you when you visit their websites. In some jurisdictions, this sharing of information requires your consent.
We use Personal Information for such purposes as responding to your requests, customizing future shopping for you, improving our marketplace, serving more relevant content and ads, and communicating with you. We aim to maintain our services in a manner that protects information from accidental or malicious destruction. Because of this, after you delete information from our services, we may not immediately delete residual copies from our active servers and may not remove information from our backup systems. Please direct any requests to access, rectify, or erase personal data via email to
privacy@clicktripz.com
. Please note that in cases where we act as a data processor on behalf of a data controller, you should direct any requests to access, correct, update, or delete your personal data to the respective controller.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information: We receive and store certain types of non-personally identifiable information whenever you interact with us. For example, like many websites, we use “cookies,” (described below) and we obtain certain types of non-personally identifiable information when your web browser accesses clicktripz.com directly or through one of our partners. Such information may include the browser and type of device type being used to connect with us. A number of companies offer utilities designed to help you visit websites anonymously. Although we will not be able to provide you with a personalized experience if we cannot recognize you, we want you to be aware that these tools exist.
What About Cookies?
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer’s hard drive through your web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and to provide certain features. The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether.
Clicktripz collects and processes user’s travel criteria, including through the use of cookies, to provide relevant offers from partnering travel websites around the web.
Third Party Cookies: We serve ads in a marketplace that may connect you to third party companies. These companies may use information (not including Personal Information such as your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to provide advertisements on clicktripz.com or one of our partners. These companies may employ their own cookies in addition to ours. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please
click here
.
Does Clicktripz.com Share the Information It Receives?
We work closely with affiliated businesses. In some cases these businesses serve ads through our marketplace. You can tell when a third party is involved by examining the content of their advertisement or webpage.
Agents: We may employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include sending and e-mail, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, providing search results and links (including paid listings and links). We share customer’s Personal Information with these agents as we deem necessary for them to perform their functions, in compliance with applicable laws.
On some travel searches we include a Google AdWord’s remarketing tag in order to provide past visitors to our site with advertisements for travel deals. You may opt out of Google’s use of cookies
here
.
Promotional Offers: We may enter into alliances, partnerships or other business arrangements with third parties for the purpose of providing you information regarding products and services that we think may be of interest to you. In addition, we may also use the Personal Information we collect to notify you about important changes to our web site, new services and special offers we think you will find valuable. If you do not want to receive such offers, please adjust your customer communication preferences on our website.
Business Transfers: As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy stores, subsidiaries, or business units. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Policy (unless, of course, the customer consents otherwise). Also, in the event that Clicktripz, or substantially all of its assets are acquired, customer information will of course be one of the transferred assets.
Protection of Clicktripz and Others: We release account and other Personal Information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law; enforce or apply our Terms of Use Agreement and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Clicktripz, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction. Obviously, however, this does not include selling, renting, sharing, or otherwise disclosing Personal Information from customers for commercial purposes in violation of the commitments set forth in this Privacy Policy.
Children
Clicktripz does not sell or promote products for purchase by children. If you are under 18, you may use clicktripz.com only with the involvement of a parent or guardian.
Conditions of Use, Notices, and Revisions
If you choose to visit clicktripz.com or consent to tracking on a partner site, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use Agreement, including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and application of the law of the State of California. If you have any concern about privacy at Clicktripz, please contact us with a thorough description, and we will try to resolve it. Our business changes constantly, and our Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use Agreement will change also. You should check our website to see recent changes. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Policy applies to all information that we have about you and your account.
Type of Data to be Processed Include:
Browser Name
Browser Version
Operating System
Device
Browser Language Code
Search History
IP address
Nature and Purpose of Processing:
Clicktripz provides a comparison shopping service, often on third party sites. Clicktripz displays targeted offers based on user search criteria, page context and other factors.
Duration of Processing:
The duration of the services provided by Processor to Controller.
Data Protection Officer:
Fernando Munoz, fernando@clicktripz.com
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)
If you are a California resident, the CCPA grants you several additional rights:
Right to Know
You have the right to request that we disclose what personal information we collect, use, disclose, and “sell”.
Clicktripz collects the following categories of personal information for the purpose of displaying personalized ads:
Identifiers (Cookies, Mobile Advertising IDs, hashed email addresses, IP addresses, User Agent, etc.)
Internet or other electronic network activity information
Browsing history (URL of the websites browsed, name of the apps opened, etc.)
Interactions with an Internet Web site, mobile application or advertisement (content displayed or searched, ads seen, clicked, etc.)
Commercial information (products purchased, clicked, searched, etc.)
Geolocation data
We may collect this information directly from websites you visit, or receive this information from third parties including content publishers and advertising network participants. We may transfer this information to the same.
We utilize this information to tailor our ad experiences and products to consumers, and to reduce fraud.
A business subject to California Civil Code Section 1798.83 is required to disclose to its California customers, upon request, the identity of any third parties to whom the business has disclosed personal information within the previous calendar year, along with the type of personal information disclosed, for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. To request this information, please email privacy@clicktripz.com.
You have the right to know what information we hold about you (including the categories of information we have collected about you; the categories of sources from which the information is collected; the business or commercial purpose for collecting the information; the categories of third parties with whom we share the information; and the specific pieces of information we have collected about you). To request a copy of the personal information we may currently hold about you, please email privacy@clicktripz.com.
You have the right to request that Clicktripz deletes the personal information we currently hold about you. To do so, please email privacy@clicktripz.com.
You have the right to request that Clicktripz stop “sales” of your personal information. To opt-out of these “sales” and to more generally disable Clicktripz from processing that personal information, please email privacy@clicktripz.com.
You have the right to receive non-discriminatory treatment for the exercise of the privacy rights conferred by the CCPA.
Manage consent
Sub-policy 18
https://www.adup-tech.com/en/privacy:

Sub-policy 19
https://www.awin.com/gb/legal/privacy-policy-gb:
Privacy Policy
Below you can find the privacy policies of the Awin Group.
Partners
Website
Vacancies
Consumers
Privacy Policy
Below you can find the privacy policies of the Awin Group.
What does this Privacy Policy do?
We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. The Privacy Policy explains the basis on which personal data we collect from you will be processed by us. Where we decide the purpose or means for which personal data we collect is processed, we are the “data controller.”
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully as it contains important information about the following:
What personal data we may collect about you;
How we will use personal data we collect about you;
Whether we will disclose your details to anyone else; and
Your choices and rights regarding the personal data we process.
Who are we and what do we do?
Awin operates an affiliate marketing platform, which comprises Advertisers and Publishers. Awin’s platform enables Advertisers and Publishers to deal with each other, whereby Publishers promote Advertisers and their Products by displaying Advertisements on the Publisher Website. Consumers which click on an Advertisement are referred from the Publisher Website to the Advertiser Website, where they may make a Transaction. Read our article on
what is affiliate marketing
to learn more.
Who are you and what do you want to know?
We want to get you to the information that is relevant to you as easily as possible. For this purpose, please scroll to the relevant table below or click the relevant category here:
You are a
Publisher or Advertiser
on the Awin Network
You are a
Visitor
on the Awin website
You are
applying for a job
with Awin
You are an
end user
(or consumer), using services by Publishers or Advertisers on the Awin Network
Questions?
We have appointed a data protection officer (DPO) who is responsible for overseeing questions in relation to this Privacy Policy and the data handling of the Awin Group. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, including any requests to exercise your legal rights, please contact the DPO using the details set out below:
AWIN AG Data Protection Officer
Otto-Ostrowski-Straße 1A
10249 Berlin
Germany
Global-privacy@awin.com
Advertisers and Publishers
How we use data from Advertisers and Publishers?
Providing our services
We provide our Publishers and Advertisers with an account in our network interface to access our services. You will need to register or apply for an account in order to obtain access to our technologies, therefore we may collect and process such data before you become an advertiser or publisher in order to process such application. We will collect all data which has been provided by you (both via the interface or otherwise), this will likely include your name, (company) address, telephone number and email address.
We may collect information on the device you are using to enter our interface pages such as your IP address, operating system and browser of your device.
We will use such information for providing and/or making our services available under the terms of use of our services (including facilitating relationships between our partners, whether advertisers and publishers and/or third-party technology partners engaged by those parties) or in the pursuit of our legitimate interest of the proper administration of our business.
Marketing to you or your company
If you are an Advertiser or Publisher on our network or a potential client of ours we use various forms of marketing to provide you with promotional materials about our services or those of advertisers and publishers operating on our network. We may process contact information that you provide to us (either via our website, through business cards, at events/conferences, through third parties, or through use of our services) for the purposes of marketing in accordance with our legitimate interests to promote our business. You can always request to be removed from the mailing lists by unsubscribing at the bottom of any marketing email.
We use Salesforce
Marketing Cloud Account Engagement (“Pardot”), Salesforce Inc and its affiliate entities, Salesforce Tower, 415 Mission Street, 3rd Floor, San Francisco, CA 9410,
USA
,
for sending
marketing
emails and newsletters
.
Pardot’s
privacy policy can be found
here
.
We further use "MailChimp", a newsletter platform, to send newsletters. The e-mail addresses of our newsletter recipients, as well as further data described in the context of this information, are being stored on the servers of MailChimp in the USA. MailChimp uses this information to send out and evaluate the newsletters on our behalf. In addition, MailChimp can use this data to optimise or improve its own services, e.g. for the technical optimisation of the dispatch and the presentation of the newsletter. However, MailChimp does not use the data of our email recipients to contact them independently or transfer data to other third parties.
Mailchimp's privacy policy can be found
here
.
Some advertisers may also use GetResponse to contact publishers regarding offers and promotions.  The GetResponse privacy policy can be found
here
.
Improving and optimising usability for you and others
Our network interface uses cookies and other mechanisms, to collect analytical information to help analyse how the interface is used. We process this information to improve our understanding and to compile statistical reports regarding that activity. This information is not used by us to develop a personal profile of you.
Google will receive hashed email addresses as part of their tracking which we have implemented on
awin.com
. We use Google Analytics on our website for reporting of website usage. Pseudonymised data, such as your hashed email addresses, may be forwarded to Google Analytics. Please note that Awin is not responsible for the processing of your personal data by Google. If you wish to read more about how Google may process your personal data, please visit their
Privacy Policy
. If you wish to opt-out of Google Analytics monitoring your behaviour on our website please use this link:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/
.
Please find some general information on cookies
here
. Cookies on our interface are listed
here
.
How do we use data to administer our business?
We process personal data for the legitimate interests of ensuring that the use of our services is lawful and non-fraudulent, does not disrupt the operation of our services, does not harass our staff or other individuals, and to enforce our legal rights and comply with our legal obligations.
Where we reasonably believe that you are or may be in breach of any of the applicable laws, we may use your personal data to inform relevant third parties such as your email/internet provider or law enforcement agencies.
With whom do we share your personal data?
Partners on the Awin network: Your personal data may be shared to the extent necessary for us to facilitate partnerships on our network (i.e. between advertisers and publishers and/or third-party technology partners engaged by those parties).
Group members
, personnel, service providers: We keep your
personal data
confidential, but
disclose
it to our group members, our personnel,
suppliers
or subcontractors
insofar as
it is
reasonably necessary
for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. However, this is on the basis that they do not make independent use of the
personal
data
, and
have agreed to safeguard it. Activities which are carried out by third party service providers include: CRM management softwar
e
,
email marketing services (
Pardot,
MailChimp
or
GetResponse
),
website hosting, website analytics
, payment services
, artificial
intelligence,
and IT support.
Merger or acquisition: If we are involved in a merger, acquisition or sale of all or a portion of our assets, you will be notified via email, our user interface and/or a prominent notice on our website of any change in ownership or uses of personal data, as well as any choices you may have regarding this.
Required by law:
In addition, we disclose your
personal data
to the extent that we are required to do so by law (e.g. to government bodies and law enforcement agencies); in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings; and in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing
personal data
to others for the purposes of fraud prevention).
Enforcement:
We
disclose
your personal
data
to third parties
in order to
enforce or apply the terms of agreements, to investigate potential breaches or to protect the rights,
property
or safety of Awin, our customers or others.
How do we keep your data safe?
We will take appropriate technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal data.
Please be aware that, although we endeavour to provide security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
For how long do we keep your data?
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
What rights do you have in respect of your data?
We will honour your rights under applicable data protection laws. These rights are not absolute and they do not always apply in all cases. You may:
request access to your personal data and information related to our use and processing of your personal data;
request the correction or deletion of your personal data;
request that we restrict our use of your personal data;
request a machine-readable copy of your personal data or that your personal data be transferred to other IT systems;
object to the processing of your personal data; and/or
withdraw your consent to our use of your personal data at any time where we rely on your consent to use or process that personal data.
Please send your requests to
global-privacy@awin.com
.
If you are unhappy with the way we are processing your personal data, please let us know by contacting us. If you do not agree with the way we have processed your data or responded to your concerns, you can submit a complaint to a Data Protection Supervisory Authority.
Do we transfer data outside of the UK/EEA?
We are established in the
following countries
and in the course of business we may transfer personal data to other entities in our group in those countries. We also transmit your data to our subcontracted service providers, both in and out of the EU.
Where we transfer your personal data to entities in our group or service providers in countries which have not been deemed to have an adequate level of protection under an adequacy decision of the EU Commission, we have put in place specific contracts containing the latest version of the EU Commission’s standard contractual clauses (the “SCCs”) to ensure that your personal data is treated by all parties in a way that is consistent with and which respects laws on data protection, in particular the GDPR.
If you require further information about these protective measures, please contact
global-privacy@awin.com
.
What happens when we make changes to this Privacy Policy?
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new policy here and, where feasible, by letting you know by email.
Awin Website Visitors
How we use data from visitors of our website?
To address your enquiries
If you contact us about our services, the forms you complete or the emails you send may include information about you, such as your name, your email address and your enquiry.
In line with the legitimate interest we have in promoting and operating our business, we will process your enquiries to reply and provide you with information about the services we offer.
To send you news and updates
If you ask to be added to our mailing list, we will keep you updated with information on news by email unless you would like to be removed from that list (in which case please let us know by clicking unsubscribe at the bottom of any marketing email that you receive).
We use Salesforce Marketing Cloud Account Engagement (“Pardot”), Salesforce Inc and its affiliate entities, Salesforce Tower, 415 Mission Street, 3rd Floor, San Francisco, CA 9410, USA, for sending marketing emails and newsletters.
Pardot’s privacy policy can be found
here
.
For the sending of newsletters, we further use "MailChimp", a newsletter platform. The e-mail addresses of our newsletter recipients, as well as further data described in the context of this information, are being stored on the servers of MailChimp in the USA. MailChimp uses this information to send out and evaluate the newsletters on our behalf. In addition, MailChimp can use this data to optimize or improve its own services, e.g. for the technical optimization of the dispatch and the presentation of the newsletter. However, MailChimp does not use the data of our email recipients to contact them independently or transfer data to third parties.
MailChimp's privacy policy can be found
here
.
Social plugins
Awin participates in and markets via social networks and has implemented certain social plugins on our websites. All social media plugins are used in the pursuit of our legitimate interest of marketing our business and communicating with our business partners and the public.
Visitors wishing to avoid connecting to plugins used on our websites can install privacy-enhancing browser plugins, such as Ghostery (
https://www.ghostery.com/
), NoScript (
https://noscript.net/
) or DoNotTrackMe (
https://www.abine.com/index.html
).
When you enter a page on our website that contains a social network plugin, your browser or app will establish a direct connection to the social network’s servers. The information that your browser has visited the Awin page will be transmitted to the social network, even if you do not have an account with that social network or are not logged into your account. If you are logged in to your account at the same time, a page impression may be assigned to your profile there.
Our website connects to the following social networks:
Facebook, see
Facebook’s Data Privacy Policy
Twitter, see
Twitter’s Privacy Policy
LinkedIn, see
LinkedIn's Privacy Policy
Disqus, see
Disqus Privacy Policy
YouTube, see
Youtube’s Privacy policy
Website Analytics
We use Google Analytics on our website for anonymous reporting of website usage.  If you would like to opt-out of Google Analytics monitoring your behaviour on our website please use this link:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/
.
Website chat functionality
We have a live chat functionality in order to provide you with further information on Awin’s services following-up your enquiry and upon your consent. The personal data collected in the course of this chat function are the following: name, email address, website URL. We use Salesforce for this chat functionality including Sneak Peak. You may find Salesforce’s Privacy Policy
here
. The consent you provide for this service can be withdrawn at any time via
global-livechat@awin.com
.
How do we use data to administer our business?
We process personal data for the legitimate interests of ensuring that use of our services is lawful and non-fraudulent, does not disrupt the operation of our services, does not harass our staff or other individuals, and to enforce our legal rights and comply with our legal obligations.
Where we reasonably believe that you are or may be in breach of any of the applicable laws, we may use your personal data to inform relevant third parties such as your email/internet provider or law enforcement agencies about the content.
With whom do we share your personal data?
Group members
, personnel, service providers: We keep your personal data confidential, but disclose it to our group members, our personnel, suppliers or subcontractors insofar as it is reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. However, this is on the basis that they do not make independent use of the personal data, and have agreed to safeguard it. Activities which are carried out by third party service providers include: CRM management software (Pardot, MailChimp), website hosting, website analytics and IT support.
Merger or acquisition
: If we are involved in a merger, acquisition or sale of all or a portion of our assets, you will be notified via email, account message and/or a prominent notice on our website of any change in ownership or uses of personal data, as well as any choices you may have regarding this personal data.
Required by law
: In addition, we disclose your personal data to the extent that we are required to do so by law (e.g. to government bodies and law enforcement agencies); in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings; and in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention).
Enforcement
: We disclose your personal data to third parties in order to enforce or apply the terms of agreements, to investigate potential breaches or to protect the rights, property or safety of Awin, our customers or others.
How do we keep your data safe?
We will take appropriate technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal data.
Please be aware that, although we endeavour to provide security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
For how long do we keep your data?
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
What rights do you have in respect of your data?
We will honour your rights under applicable data protection laws. These rights are not absolute and they do not always apply in all cases. You may:
request access to your personal data and information related to our use and processing of your personal data;
request the correction or deletion of your personal data;
request that we restrict our use of your personal data;
request a machine-readable copy of your personal data or that your personal data be transferred to other IT systems;
object to the processing of your personal data; and/or
withdraw your consent to our use of your personal data at any time where we rely on your consent to use or process that personal data.
Please send your requests to
global-privacy@awin.com
.
If you are unhappy with the way we are processing your personal data, please let us know by contacting us. If you do not agree with the way we have processed your data or responded to your concerns, you can submit a complaint to a Data Protection Supervisory Authority.
Do we transfer data outside of the UK/EEA?
We are established in the
following countries
and in the course of business we may transfer personal data to other entities in our group in those countries. We also transmit your data to our subcontracted service providers, both in and out of the EU.
Where we transfer your personal data to entities in our group or service providers in countries which have not been deemed to have an adequate level of protection under an adequacy decision of the EU Commission, we have put in place specific contracts containing the EU Commission’s standard contractual clauses (the “SCCs”) to ensure that your personal data is treated by all parties in a way that is consistent with and which respects laws on data protection, in particular the GDPR.
If you require further information about these protective measures, please contact
global-privacy@awin.com
.
What happens when we make changes to this Privacy Policy?
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new policy here.
Job Applicants
How we use personal data from job applicants?
As part of any recruitment process, we collect and process personal data relating to job applicants. Such personal data may include:
your name, address and contact details, including email address and telephone number;
your CV or resume with details of your qualifications, skills, experience and employment history;
information about your salary expectations and notice period;
information about your eligibility and right to work in a certain location;
any additional personal data that you may share during the recruitment process.
We may collect this personal data directly from you via the application form and the CV or resume that you are required to attach when submitting your application or through interviews and other forms of assessment. In the context of headhunting activities via LinkedIn, Women in Tech or other recruiting platform, the personal data is directly provided from you to Awin’s personel.
We process your personal data to perform pre-contractual measures taken upon your request to evaluate your application, confirm your suitability for employment, and communicate with you in the recruitment process.
Where we reasonably believe that you are or may be in breach of any of the applicable laws, we may use your personal data to inform relevant third parties such as your email/internet provider or law enforcement agencies about the content.
With whom do we share your personal data?
Group members
, personnel, processors or service providers: We keep your personal data confidential, but disclose it to our group members, our personnel, processors or service providers insofar as it is reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. However, this is on the basis that they do not make independent use of the personal data and have agreed to safeguard it.
Processors/service providers: the application form to apply for vacancies within the Awin Group is powered by an iFrames from Greenhouse. You can find further information on how Greenhouse processes your personal data on behalf of Awin on its privacy policy:
https://www.greenhouse.io/de/privacy-policy
.
Merger or acquisition
: If we are involved in a merger, acquisition or sale of all or a portion of our assets, you will be notified via email, account message and/or a prominent notice on our website of any change in ownership or uses of personal data, as well as any choices you may have regarding this personal data.
Required by law
: In addition, we disclose your personal data to the extent that we are required to do so by law (e.g. to government bodies and law enforcement agencies); in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings; and in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention).
Enforcement
: We disclose your personal data to third parties in order to enforce or apply the terms of agreements, to investigate potential breaches or to protect the rights, property or safety of Awin, our customers or others.
How do we keep your personal data safe?
We will take appropriate technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal data.
Please be aware that, although we endeavour to provide security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
For how long do we keep your personal data?
We will only retain your personal information for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
Your personal data collected as part of your recruitment process will be retained for 6 months following the notification on an unsuccessful application, for the purpose of complying with applicable legal obligation.
If you have provided your consent to further processing, your personal data will be retained for additional 12 months to consider your application and get in contact with for future job vacancies.
In case of a successful application, your personal data will be retained as part of your personnel records and subsequent employee data retention periods will apply.
What rights do you have in respect of your personal data?
We will honour your rights under applicable data protection laws. These rights are not absolute, and they do not always apply in all cases. You may:
request access to your personal data and information related to our use and processing of your personal data;
request the correction or deletion of your personal data;
request that we restrict our use of your personal data;
request to receive a machine-readable copy of your personal data and transfer it to other IT systems;
withdraw your consent to our use of your personal data at any time where we rely on your consent to use or process that personal data.
Please send your requests to
global-privacy@awin.com
.
If you are unhappy with the way we are processing your personal data, please let us know by contacting us. If you do not agree with the way we have processed your personal data or responded to your concerns, you can submit a complaint to an EU Supervisory Authority.
Do we transfer personal data outside of the UK/EEA?
We are established in the
following countries
and in the course of business we may transfer personal data to other entities in our group in those countries. We also transmit your personal data to our subcontracted service providers which are located both within and outside the European Economic Area (EEA).
Where we transfer your personal data to entities in our group or service providers in countries which have not been deemed to have an adequate level of protection under an adequacy decision of the EU Commission, we have put in place specific contracts containing the EU Commission’s standard contractual clauses (the “SCCs”) to ensure that your personal data is processed by all parties in a way that is consistent with and which respects applicable data protection laws, in particular the GDPR.
If you require further information about these safeguard measures, please contact
global-privacy@awin.com
.
What happens when we make changes to this Privacy Policy?
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new policy here and, where feasible, by letting you know by email.
Awin Consumers
How do we use data from end users?
Awin primarily uses end user data for the purpose of tracking an end user from a Publisher to an Advertiser. Tracking enables Awin and ShareASale to see that an end user has visited a publisher's service, found a product/service, and clicked the link to be taken to the advertiser's service to review or purchase the product/service.
The purpose of tracking is to attribute sales and marketing effort by a Publisher to a particular transaction, to enable Advertisers to reward Publishers on a per transaction basis. Tracking also allows Awin to provide Publishers and Advertisers with related reports. The majority of these reports contain only aggregated statistical data.
Awin doesn’t know who the end user is, simply that the same end user started their journey with the Publisher and completed it with the Advertiser and that the affiliate marketing campaign was therefore successful in respect of that end user.
By maintaining a limited user profile which does not reveal an end user’s name or identity, Awin can also understand an end user journey when it starts on one device, and ends on a different device. Through this functionality, Awin can understand whether a referral is commenced on one device and completed on another device. The profile is only used to attribute sales and marketing effort to a Publisher, even if the end user has changed devices before completing a transaction.
Awin permits Publishers to enquire as to whether an action by a user ought to have generated a commission for that Publisher. This necessitates the sharing of information, between Publishers and Advertisers. Advertisers use the information provided by Publishers to verify against their own records. Awin enables this data sharing and the payment of any commission due to the Publisher as a result.
How do we collect data from end users?
The main technologies used for Awin’s tracking are Tracking Domain Cookies, Journey Tags and Device Fingerprinting.
Awin Tracking Domain Cookies
: These are cookies served by Awin’s own domain when an end user clicks on an advertisement displayed by a Publisher. We use this information to understand which end users are referred by which Publishers to which Advertiser. Please find some general information on cookies
here
. Our tracking cookies are listed
here
.
Advertiser Journey Tag
: This is JavaScript code integrated into the Advertiser’s service to enable Awin to receive transactional information from Advertisers. Awin uses this information to record, validate and report the completion of transactions, for the purposes of apportioning commissions to Publishers.
Fingerprinting
: This is a method by which Awin can uniquely identify a device by considering certain attributes of the browser or the device (incl. screen size/resolution and user configurations).
What data do we collect from end users?
We take care to collect only the data that we need. The majority of the data Awin uses is machine generated. It lets us single out a person but it does not reveal who that person is. We do not use this data to make predictions or evaluations of users’ interest or personalities.
Awin is one part of the affiliate marketing ecosystem (see our Agreement with Advertisers and Publishers below) and does not always have absolute control over the personal data that it receives from users, Publishers or Advertisers.
Awin participates in the IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework and complies with its Specifications and Policies. Awin’s identification number within the framework is: 907.
Awin stores an individual sequence of figures in respect of a transaction that does not reveal the name of a particular end user and contains information on the Advertiser’s campaign, the Publisher, the end user action (i.e. a click or a view and in which country it occurred), and the device that is used.
Awin also receives limited transactional information via the Journey Tag, to confirm that a transaction has occurred and carry out accurate commission allocating, billing and reporting. Such information includes the order value, whether a voucher has been used, product type, and sales channel.
Awin's data processing activities relating to end user data, do not require the direct identification of an individual and therefore Awin mostly holds what is known as “pseudonymous” data in this respect. Pseudonymisation is privacy-enhancing. It is the separation of data from direct identifiers so that data can no longer be attributed to a specific individual without the use of additional information. Pseudonymisation, therefore, reduces the risks associated with data processing, while also maintaining the data’s utility.
Does Awin have legitimate interest in using data?
We have carried out a balancing test and have identified legitimate interest as a basis for processing user data for the purposes set out in this section of the Privacy Policy.
When assessing Awin’s reliance on legitimate interest, the interests of the full affiliate ecosystem were considered. A balancing test was carried out and it was confirmed that tracking carries a low risk of undue negative impact on the end user’s interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. Legitimate interests are not limited to the interests of Awin, but can be legitimate interests of a third party or to society as a whole. In the context of our service, we consider that:
Advertisers have an interest in carrying on an online advertising campaign, paid for on a performance basis, whereby third party referrers of customers or potential customers of the Advertiser are compensated for referrals which generate revenue for the Advertiser or which undertake another act desired by the Advertiser.
Publishers have an interest in monetising their content, services or other aspects of the Publisher website by generating advertising revenue which is paid on a performance basis.
Advertisers and publishers have an interest in obtaining reports relevant to their respective business revenue generation.
Awin has an interest in operating an affiliate marketing platform, and to provide technology, services and reporting, in return for payment from Advertisers.
Awin, Advertisers, Publishers and society at large have an interest in preventing fraud, misuse of services, or money laundering.
What is our arrangement with Publishers and Advertisers on our network?
Awin's affiliate marketing network connects Advertisers and Publishers, as well as third-party technology partners in some instances, so that they can work together to run affiliate marketing campaigns.
In running the campaign each party plays their part in pursuing the common purposes and each party can make certain decisions about the way data is used.
Awin contractually requires that participation in its network is compliant with data protection law and that participants each fulfil their obligations to respond to requests to exercise data subject rights. You can approach each party, if you intend to exercise your rights in respect of the data which that party controls.
Awin works with these
Advertisers
. For guidance on how to make a request to a Publisher or an Advertiser, please check their respective privacy notices. For more information of how to make a request to Awin, “What rights do you have in respect of user data” below.
For how long do we keep end user data?
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
As a general rule, Awin retains tracking data for 36 months after collection.
What rights do you have in respect of user data?
We will honour your rights under applicable data protection laws. These rights are not absolute and they do not always apply in all cases. If you wish to make a request in respect of your user data, as described in this section of the Privacy Policy, please contact
global-privacy@awin.com
You may:
request access to your personal data and information related to our use and processing of your personal data;
request the correction or deletion of your personal data;
request that we restrict our use of your personal data;
request a machine-readable copy of your personal data or that your personal data be transferred to other IT systems;
object to the processing of your personal data ; and
withdraw your consent to our use of your personal data at any time where we rely on your consent to use or process that personal data.
Please note that, as described under “What data do we collect from users?”, Awin mostly holds what is known as “pseudonymous” data in respect of users. Pseudonymisation means that we may not be in a position to identify the individual behind the data we hold and that we therefore cannot provide them with access, rectification, erasure or data portability without the provision of additional data (for example your IP address, or device ID).
How do we use data to administer our business?
We process personal data for the legitimate interests of ensuring that use of our services is lawful and non-fraudulent, does not disrupt the operation of our services, does not harass our staff or other individuals, and to enforce our legal rights and comply with our legal obligations.
Where we reasonably believe that you are or may be in breach of any of the applicable laws, we may use your personal data to inform relevant third parties such as your email/internet provider or law enforcement agencies about the content.
With whom do we share your personal data?
Partners on the Awin network:
Your personal data may be shared to the extent necessary for us to provide our services (i.e. to advertisers and publishers and/or third-party technology partners engaged by those parties).
Group members
, personnel, service providers: We keep your personal data confidential, but disclose it to our group members, our personnel, suppliers or subcontractors insofar as it is reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. However, this is on the basis that they do not make independent use of the personal data, and have agreed to safeguard it. Activities which are carried out by third party service providers include: CRM management software (Pardot, MailChimp), website hosting, [website analytics] and IT support.
Merger or acquisition
: If we are involved in a merger, acquisition or sale of all or a portion of our assets, you will be notified via email, account message and/or a prominent notice on our website of any change in ownership or uses of personal data, as well as any choices you may have regarding this personal data.
Required by law
: In addition, we disclose your personal data to the extent that we are required to do so by law (e.g. to government bodies and law enforcement agencies); in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings; and in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention).
Enforcement
: We disclose your personal data to third parties in order to enforce or apply the terms of agreements, to investigate potential breaches or to protect the rights, property or safety of Awin, our customers or others.
How do we keep your data safe?
We will take appropriate technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal data.
Please be aware that, although we endeavour to provide security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
Do we transfer data outside of the UK/EEA?
We are established in the
following countries
and in the course of business we may transfer personal data to other entities in our group in those countries. We also transmit your data to our subcontracted service providers, both in and out of the EU.
Where we transfer your personal data to entities in our group or service providers in countries which have not been deemed to have an adequate level of protection under an adequacy decision of the EU Commission, we have put in place specific contracts containing the EU Commission’s standard contractual clauses (the “SCCs”) to ensure that your personal data is treated by all parties in a way that is consistent with and which respects laws on data protection, in particular the GDPR.
If you require further information about these protective measures, please contact
global-privacy@awin.com
.
What happens when we make changes to this Privacy Policy?
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new policy here.
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyse site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Cookies Settings
Reject All
Accept All Cookies
Privacy Preference Centre
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalised web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookies Details‎
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookies Details‎
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Details‎
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Cookies Details‎
Social Media Cookies
These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-policy 20
https://performancehorizon.com/privacy-policy:
Consent
Details
[#IABV2SETTINGS#]
About
This website uses cookies
We use cookies to better understand how people use our website. We also use cookies to deliver site ads to visitors after they leave our website, via retargeting.
Read more in our
Privacy Policy
.
Consent Selection
Necessary
Preferences
Statistics
Marketing
Manage cookies
Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies.
Cookiebot
2
Learn more about this provider
CookieConsent [x2]
Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain
Google
6
Learn more about this provider
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
test_cookie
Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies.
_GRECAPTCHA
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website.
rc::a
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website.
rc::b
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots.
rc::c
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots.
rc::d-15#
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots.
Hubspot
4
Learn more about this provider
embed/v3/counters.gif [x2]
Used to implement forms on the website.
messagesUtk [x2]
Stores a unique ID string for each chat-box session. This allows the website-support to see previous issues and reconnect with the previous supporter.
LinkedIn
1
Learn more about this provider
li_gc
Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain
New Relic
1
Learn more about this provider
JSESSIONID
Preserves users states across page requests.
Solarwinds
1
Learn more about this provider
pa_enabled
Determines the device used to access the website. This allows the website to be formatted accordingly.
g2.com
tracking.g2crowd.com
go.partnerize.com
hs-analytics.net
hs-banner.com
partnerize.com
www.pepperjam.com
zoominfo.com
17
__cf_bm [x17]
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website.
go.partnerize.com
hsforms.com
zoominfo.com
4
_cfuvid [x4]
This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators.
go.partnerize.com
www.pepperjam.com
2
__cfruid [x2]
This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators.
partnerize.com
3
elementor
This cookie helps us to create a better user experience by allowing us to change the website's content in real-time, for example by tracking how many times a popup has been shown.
nitro_prefetched_urls
This cookie is necessary for the cache function. A cache is used by the website to optimize the response time between the visitor and the website. The cache is usually stored on the visitor’s browser.
nitroCachedPage
This cookie is necessary for the cache function. A cache is used by the website to optimize the response time between the visitor and the website. The cache is usually stored on the visitor’s browser.
Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in.
Cookiebot
1
Learn more about this provider
CookieConsentBulkSetting-#
Enables cookie consent across multiple websites
partnerize.com
2
nitroScrollPos
Contains the scroll-depth across the website's sub-pages.
wp-wpml_current_language
Designates the country code that is calculated based on the user's IP address. Used to determine what language should be used for the visitor.
Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously.
G2Crowd
1
Learn more about this provider
g2tracking
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
Google
5
Learn more about this provider
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
collect
Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
_ga
Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.
_ga_#
Used by Google Analytics to collect data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit.
_gat
Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate
_gid
Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.
LinkedIn
2
Learn more about this provider
ln_or
Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator.
AnalyticsSyncHistory
Used in connection with data-synchronization with third-party analysis service.
Microsoft
5
Learn more about this provider
c.gif
Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner.
CLID
Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner.
_cltk
Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator.
_clck
Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner.
_clsk
Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator.
New Relic
1
Learn more about this provider
NRBA_SESSION
Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner.
SalesLoft
2
Learn more about this provider
sliguid
Contains an visitor ID - This is used to track visitors' navigation and interaction on the website for internal website-optimization.
slirequested
Contains an visitor ID - This is used to track visitors' navigation and interaction on the website for internal website-optimization.
Solarwinds
1
Learn more about this provider
pa
Registers the website's speed and performance. This function can be used in context with statistics and load-balancing.
go.partnerize.com
1
hs_ab_test
This cookie is used by the website’s operator in context with multi-variate testing. This is a tool used to combine or change content on the website. This allows the website to find the best variation/edition of the site.
js.hs-banner.com
4
__hssc
Identifies if the cookie data needs to be updated in the visitor's browser.
__hssrc
Used to recognise the visitor's browser upon reentry on the website.
__hstc
Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes.
hubspotutk
Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes.
Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers.
Meta Platforms, Inc.
3
Learn more about this provider
lastExternalReferrer
Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address.
lastExternalReferrerTime
Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address.
_fbp
Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers.
Casale Media
4
Learn more about this provider
CMID
Collects visitor data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads.
CMPRO
Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement.
CMPS
Collects visitor data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads.
rum
Collects data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads.
DemandBase
2
Learn more about this provider
tuuid
Collects visitor data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads.
tuuid_lu
Contains a unique visitor ID, which allows Bidswitch.com to track the visitor across multiple websites. This allows Bidswitch to optimize advertisement relevance and ensure that the visitor does not see the same ads multiple times.
G2Crowd
1
Learn more about this provider
_session_id
Stores visitors' navigation by registering landing pages - This allows the website to present relevant products and/or measure their advertisement efficiency on other websites.
Google
8
Learn more about this provider
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
IDE
Pending
pagead/landing [x2]
Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement.
ads/ga-audiences
Used by Google AdWords to re-engage visitors that are likely to convert to customers based on the visitor's online behaviour across websites.
NID
Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device. The ID is used for targeted ads.
pagead/1p-user-list/#
Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites.
rc::f
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots.
_gcl_au
Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services.
Hubspot
1
Learn more about this provider
__ptq.gif
Sends data to the marketing platform Hubspot about the visitor's device and behaviour. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
LinkedIn
5
Learn more about this provider
bcookie
Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services.
bscookie
Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services.
li_sugr
Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant.
lidc
Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services.
UserMatchHistory
Ensures visitor browsing-security by preventing cross-site request forgery. This cookie is essential for the security of the website and visitor.
Microsoft
18
Learn more about this provider
_uetsid [x2]
Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences.
_uetsid_exp [x2]
Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name.
_uetvid [x2]
Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences.
_uetvid_exp [x2]
Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name.
MR [x2]
Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences.
MSPTC
This cookie registers data on the visitor. The information is used to optimize advertisement relevance.
MUID [x2]
Used widely by Microsoft as a unique user ID. The cookie enables user tracking by synchronising the ID across many Microsoft domains.
SRM_B
Tracks the user’s interaction with the website’s search-bar-function. This data can be used to present the user with relevant products or services.
ANONCHK
Registers data on visitors from multiple visits and on multiple websites. This information is used to measure the efficiency of advertisement on websites.
SM
Registers a unique ID that identifies the user's device during return visits across websites that use the same ad network. The ID is used to allow targeted ads.
_uetsid
Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement.
_uetvid
Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences.
SalesLoft
1
Learn more about this provider
slireg
Registers user behaviour and navigation on the website, and any interaction with active campaigns. This is used for optimizing advertisement and for efficient retargeting.
Salesloft
1
Learn more about this provider
site_identity
Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant.
Telaria
3
Learn more about this provider
sync
Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant.
tv_UIDM
Pending
tvid
Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers.
YouTube
17
Learn more about this provider
#-#
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
__Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN
Pending
iU5q-!O9@$
Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen.
LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
remote_sid
Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website.
TESTCOOKIESENABLED
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE
Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos.
YSC
Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen.
YtIdbMeta#databases
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
yt-remote-cast-available
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-cast-installed
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-connected-devices
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-device-id
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-fast-check-period
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-session-app
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-session-name
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
Unclassified
6
Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies.
Google
1
Learn more about this provider
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
_gcl_ls
Pending
console.partnerize.com
1
phgsev
Pending
go.partnerize.com
partnerize.com
2
PARMONIC_SESSION_ID [x2]
Pending
join.partnerize.com
signup.partnerize.com
2
signup [x2]
Pending
Cross-domain consent
2
Your consent applies to the following domains:
List of domains your consent applies to:
go.partnerize.com
partnerize.com
Cookie declaration last updated on 2/27/25 by
Cookiebot
[#IABV2_TITLE#]
[#IABV2_BODY_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_LEGITIMATE_INTEREST_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PREFERENCE_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_PURPOSES#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_FEATURES#]
[#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_PARTNERS#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS#]
Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient.
This website uses cookies and other similar technologies ('cookies'). We use cookies to better understand how people use our website. We also use cookies to deliver site ads to visitors after they leave our website, via retargeting.
The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. For all other types of cookies we need your permission.
This site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages.
You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from the Cookie Declaration in the Privacy Policy on our website.
Please state your consent ID and date when you contact us regarding your consent.
Do not sell or share my personal information
Allow all
Customize
Allow selection
Essential only
Skip to content
Privacy statement
Revised Effective March 25, 2022
1. Introduction and Scope
Partnerize and its subsidiary companies (together “we,” “our” or “us”) respect your privacy and are committed to
        protecting the security and privacy of all personal information we collect or handle.
Partnerize is the trading name of Performance Horizon Group Limited, a company organized under the laws of the
        United Kingdom with an address of 6th Floor, West One, Forth Banks, Newcastle Upon Tyne, United Kingdom.
        Partnerize is registered with the UK Information Commissioner’s Office with registration number Z2226774.
Partnerize provides websites such as www.partnerize.com, www.pepperjam.com and www.brandverity.com (each a
        “Website”) and software and services through online platforms that help our business clients find and compensate
        publisher partners who display their advertisements, and also provides such clients with online brand monitoring
        services (each a “Platform”, and collectively with the Websites, the “Services”). This Privacy Statement
        (“Statement”) applies to all Services that link to this Statement.
Data Collection – Partnerize Services
Partnerize controls the collection, use, disclosure or retention of personal information in the following
        contexts:
When you provide personal information to us through forms or chat functions on our Websites for the purposes
            of learning more about Partnerize Services;
When you provide personal information to us when you register to use our Services;
When you provide personal information to us as part of an application for employment through the “Careers”
            page of the Partnerize Website or through other means;
For personal information that our Websites and/or Platforms automatically collect from you as you use and
            navigate our Services;
When business intelligence service providers or existing Partnerize clients send us information regarding
            individuals engaging in affiliate marketing; and
When you provide personal information to Partnerize through other channels such as by email, telephone and
            direct communications.
If you submit information of other individuals to Partnerize through the Services, you must be legally permitted
        to share that personal information with Partnerize.
Data Collection – Consumers
Partnerize provides software and services that help advertisers find publisher partners to display their
        advertisements, and help advertisers compensate those publishers when a consumer clicks on one of those
        advertisements and then engages with the advertiser’s website. In order to enable this, Partnerize records a
        consumer’s journey from a publisher website to an advertiser website. In this process, Partnerize may record end
        consumer’s IP addresses, browser information, device and operating system information and/or cookie information.
        Partnerize also collects limited transactional information from the advertiser relating to subsequent engagement
        with that advertiser’s website, such as a product purchase. We collect this information to provide client
        support, invoicing and payment services, fraud detection, system maintenance and to develop additional
        functionality. We do not collect or record personally identifying information such as names, contact
        information, shipping information, payment card numbers or usernames from end consumers, nor do we use
        information from these transactions for our own direct marketing purposes. If you are a consumer, you should
        review the privacy policies of the advertiser websites to better understand what information is collected on
        those websites.
Partnerize’s BrandVerity solution provides brand monitoring services. These services do not involve the
        collection or handling of personally identifying information relating to consumers.
Data Collection – Third Party Services
The websites that link to this Statement may contain links to websites owned and operated by unaffiliated third
        parties. These unaffiliated third-party websites may collect information about you under their own privacy
        notices and terms of service. Partnerize does not control, and is not responsible for, the practices of those
        third parties.
2. Summary
Personal Information We Collect and Sources from Which We Collect It
Categories of Third Parties with Whom Your Information is Shared
Rights of Users Located in the United Kingdom and Europe
Rights of California Consumers
Cross Border Transfers
How Long We Will Retain Your Information
Cookies and Other Web Technologies
Security of Information
Children’s Information
Changes to This Statement
Contacting Us About This Statement
Personal Information We Collect and Sources from Which We Collect It
Category of Personal Information
Categories of Sources of Information
Business Purpose or Commercial Purpose
Legal Basis of Processing
Identifiers, including name, email address, phone number, mobile number, job title and role,
                            company name, country location, user name and password, IP address and online identifiers
Visitors to the Websites of Partnerize and its subsidiary companies
When provided as part of the process to register to use our Services
Through web forms on our Websites to request information including for e-books, whitepapers
                            or blog subscriptions
From advertisers using our Services with whom you do business
Business intelligence suppliers
For the commercial purposes of marketing our Services to potential publishers and advertisers
                            and their agencies, and for registering publishers to our Services
Our legitimate interest in marketing our Services
With your consent when you have provided affirmative consent to the collection and use to
                            receive direct marketing communications, e-books, whitepapers or subscriptions
To perform the contracts under which we provide the Services when you have registered to use
                            our Services
Internet or other electronic network activity information, such as information about a
                            Website visitor’s interaction with the Website or an advertiser’s, consumer’s or publisher’s
                            interaction with the Services, including IP and browsing history
Notification preferences saved in the Services
Visitors to the Websites of Partnerize and its subsidiary companies
Publishers and representatives of advertisers registered with the Services
Consumers who click on an advertiser’s link or otherwise interact with such links
For the business purpose of operating the Services of Partnerize and its subsidiary companies
                            and ensuring and optimizing their performance
For the commercial purpose of providing the Services
Our legitimate interest in operating our Services and ensuring their performance
To perform the contracts under which we provide the Services when you have registered to use
                            our Services
Commercial information, such as recording the fact that a consumer has clicked on an
                            advertiser’s link and/or made a purchase.
Consumers who click on an advertiser’s link or otherwise interact with such links
For the business purpose of operating the Services of Partnerize and its subsidiary companies
                            and ensuring and optimizing their performance
Our legitimate interest in marketing our Services
To perform the contracts under which we provide the Services when you have registered to use
                            our Services
Professional or employment related information including name, physical address, email
                            address, phone number, mobile number, CV/resume information, LinkedIn profile URL, visa
                            status
Job applicants through the Careers page of www.partnerize.com or through other means
We may receive your CV from recruitment agencies where you have consented to have it shared
                            with us
For the business purpose of engaging our workforce
Our legitimate interest in engaging our workforce and vetting applicants for positions with
                            Partnerize
Bank Account number and routing number, or email address used with PayPal (when used with a
                            personal bank account or PayPal account)**
You provide to us through the Platform settings
For the business purpose of making commission payments to registered publishers or to collect
                            payments from our clients
To perform the contracts under which we provide the Services when you have registered to use
                            our Platforms
*When you visit our Websites, we log information about your visit, even if you have not created an account with Partnerize. This includes information such as your IP address, browser type, operating system, the referring web page, pages visited, location, searches you conduct on our Website, device information and cookie information. We use this log information to operate our Services and ensure their performance. For more detail, see our
Cookie Policy
which includes information on how to control or opt out of cookies and tracking technologies.
**For customers that purchase the BrandVerity solution, Partnerize may permit the collection of payments by credit card through a payment processor. In this case, Partnerize may also obtain credit card numbers through such payment processors for the purpose of collecting payments from these customers.
4. Categories of Third Parties with Whom Your Information is Shared
We share personal information with the following categories of third parties:
With our affiliates for the purpose of operating and marketing our Services;
If you have registered as a publisher partner, with individuals and companies with whom you have a
                business relationship on our Platforms, or who may be interested in having a business relationship with
                you. For example, if you run a publisher website, we may disclose your information to advertisers whose
                products or services you may wish to promote using our technology;
With our service providers that provide services for us to help us host and operate our Services, and
                that help us understand the use of our Services, such as analytics providers. Sharing with service
                providers and contractors is subject to appropriate written obligations of confidentiality and security
                obligations, and we authorize our service providers to use personal information only to provide services
                to us under our instructions;
As required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena or similar legal process;
When disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others,
                investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of our assets, in such case you
                will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Websites of any change in ownership or uses
                of your information, as well as any choices you have regarding your information; or
With other third parties, when we have your prior consent to do so.
5. Rights of Users Located in the United Kingdom and Europe
Under the data protection laws applicable in the United Kingdom, the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and
            Switzerland, you have the following rights:
Right of access – you have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you.
Right of rectification – you have a right to correct information that we hold about you if that
                information is inaccurate or incomplete.
Right to erasure – in certain circumstances you can ask for the information we hold about you to be
                deleted from our records.
Right to restriction of processing – where certain conditions apply you have a right to prevent any
                further processing of your information without it being deleted.
Right of portability – in certain circumstances, you have the right to receive the information you have
                provided to us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and to have that information
                transmitted to another organisation.
Right to object – you have the right to object to our processing of your information where this is
                processing is based on our own or others’ legitimate interests, or where your information is used for
                direct marketing or for research or statistical purposes.
Rights in relation to automated decision making, including profiling – you also have the right not to
                have significant decisions made about you based entirely on automated processing (e.g. by a computer).
                Significant decisions are those that have legal or similarly significant implications for you. We do not
                currently undertake any such automated processing.
Right to withdraw any consent you have given to us at any time – this will not affect the lawfulness of
                our use based on consent before you withdrew it.
Right to complain to the data protection authority in your region.
You may submit a request to exercise the rights described in this section by completing this
form
or
            by calling us at +44 0191 249 9000.
6. Rights of California Consumers
The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) provides California residents with rights to receive certain disclosures regarding the collection, use and sharing of personal information as well as rights to access and delete certain personal information collected about them. You or your authorized agent may submit a request to exercise the rights described in this section by completing this
form
or by calling us at
(877) 796-5700
. In order to protect your personal information from unauthorized access or deletion, we may require that you provide additional information to verify your identity.
The section of this Statement titled “Personal Information We Collect and Sources,” which describes the categories of personal information we collect and the categories of sources from which we collect it, describes the types of personal information we have collected about California consumers in the past 12 months
.
You have the right to request that we disclose to you the categories of personal information and specific pieces of information we have collected about you. You also have the right to request that we delete your personal information.
You have the right to exercise the rights listed above free of charge or penalty, but we may limit the number of requests you make or charge reasonable fees as legally permitted for requests that are excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded.
You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment for the exercise of any of the privacy rights conferred by the CCPA. Partnerize will not discriminate against you if you exercise your rights under the CCPA.
You may designate an authorized agent to exercise some of your rights; however, in order to help protect the security of your personal information, the authorized agent must follow our authentication procedures that are required to exercise your rights using an agent.Partnerize will verify requests made through authorized agents to help ensure the safety of your personal information and to comply with our policies and procedures.” All verification procedures will depend upon the nature of the request and the information we possess.
Partnerize does not “sell” personal information as the term is traditionally understood. Specifically, we do not provide personal information to data brokers or third parties for their own marketing purposes in exchange for money.” As defined by California law, Partnerize may “sell” personal information only to the extent that our use of marketing and analytics cookies on our Websites may qualify as such a sale.” In the past 12 months, through such marketing and analytics cookies, Partnerize has disclosed online identifiers (such as IP address and cookie identifiers) and Internet or other electronic network activity information to third-party marketing and analytics providers.” As defined by California law, Partnerize does not sell personal information obtained from the registration for or use of our Platforms, nor do we sell personal information obtained from end consumers who interact with an advertisement placed through our Platforms.
California consumers have the right to opt out of the sale of their personal information.” You can opt out through the “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” button on the cookie consent banner at the bottom of the Partnerize webpage or by updating your consent on our
Cookie Policy
page.
We do not sell the personal information of consumers under the age of 16 if we have actual knowledge of the individual’s age.
“Do Not Track” Signals
Do Not Track is a privacy preference that you may set in certain browsers or may be preset in certain instances. Partnerize.com and Pepperjam.com do not currently honor Do Not Track signals sent by browsers or otherwise included through third party intermediaries. BrandVerity.com recognizes automated browser signals regarding tracking mechanisms, which may include Do Not Track instructions.
7. Cross Border Transfers
In order to use our Websites and Platforms, you authorize Partnerize to transfer your personal information
            across national borders and to other countries where Partnerize operates, including the United States. The
            privacy protections and rights of authorities to access your information in these countries may not be
            equivalent to those in your country. We will only transfer your personal information to these countries
            where permitted to do so by law and we will take steps intended to ensure that your personal information
            continues to receive appropriate protections. When we transfer your personal information from the EEA,
            Switzerland or the United Kingdom to a country that is not within the EEA, Switzerland or the United
            Kingdom, and is not subject to an adequacy decision by the EU Commission, we rely either on contracts
            incorporating approved standard contractual clauses or on your consent, depending on the circumstances. We
            will provide a copy of these contracts if you make a request to the contact e-mail provided at the end of
            this Statement.
8. How Long We Will Retain Your Information
We will retain your personal information only for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes for which we
            collected it, including for the purposes of satisfying legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
9. Cookies and Other Web Technologies
A cookie is a small text file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a
            web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. We or our service providers may also place
            embedded scripts and other tracking technologies like clear gifs (sometimes called “web beacons,” “tracking
            pixels” or “tags”), which are pieces of code that can be embedded on websites and into e-mails. These can be
            used to learn how you interact with that website, what you have clicked on, or whether you have opened
            e-mails we have sent to you. We also use cookies and other web technologies to deliver site ads to visitors
            after they leave our Websites, via retargeting. You may be able to decline cookies through the settings of
            the internet browsers you use. However, if you decline cookies some of the features and functionality of our
            Services may not work properly. More information about the cookies used on this Website, and how to you can
            turn off cookies or consent to them, is available in our
Cookie Policy
.
10. Security of Information
We have implemented commercially reasonable security measures, including physical, electronic and
            administrative safeguards, to prevent the unauthorized access to, loss, misuse or alteration of the
            information collected through our Services.
11. Children's Information
Our Services are not directed at children. If you are under the age of 16, please do not provide any personal
            information through our Services. If we obtain actual knowledge that any information we collect has been
            provided by a child under the age of 16, we will promptly delete the information.
12. Changes to This Statement
This Statement may be updated from time to time so you may wish to check it each time you submit information
            to any of our Websites. The date of the most recent update to this Statement appears at the top of this
            page.
13. Contacting Us About This Statement
If you have any questions or comments about this Statement, you may contact us at: Performance Horizon Group
            Limited t/a Partnerize, 6th Floor, West One, Forth Banks, Newcastle upon Tyne NE1 3PA, United Kingdom, Attn:
            Legal Department.
Tel: +44 0191 249 9000
Email:
legal.support@partnerize.com
Sub-policy 21
https://www.conversantmedia.com/legal/privacy:
English
Français
Deutsch
Español
Global Privacy Policies
Please visit Epsilon's Privacy Policy for more
        information about how we collect and process personal
        information.
North America
North American Services and Products Privacy Policy
Epsilon.com Website Privacy Notice
European Union and the United Kingdom
EU/UK Privacy Policy
(excluding Abacus Alliance United Kingdom)
Abacus Alliance United Kingdom Privacy Policy for Services
Abacus Alliance United Kingdom Website Privacy Policy
Asia Pacific
APAC Privacy Policy
Latin America
LatAm Privacy Policy for Services
LatAm Privacy Policy for Services
(PT)
LatAm Privacy Policy for Services
(ES)
Privacy Notice for Epsilon.Com
Privacy Notice for Epsilon.Com
(PT)
Middle East
Middle East Services and Products Privacy Policy
We Care About Your Privacy
We and our
168
partners store and access personal data, like browsing data or unique identifiers, on your device. Selecting "I Accept" enables tracking technologies to support the purposes shown under "we and our partners process data to provide," whereas selecting "Reject All" or withdrawing your consent will disable them. If trackers are disabled, some content and ads you see may not be as relevant to you. You can resurface this menu to change your choices or withdraw consent at any time by clicking the ["privacy preferences"] link on the bottom of the webpage [or the floating icon on the bottom-left of the webpage, if applicable]. Your choices will have effect within our Website. For more details, refer to our Privacy Policy.
Epsilon Privacy Policy
We and our partners process data to provide:
Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)
Reject All
I Accept
Show Purposes
About Your Privacy
We process your data to deliver content or advertisements and measure the delivery of such content or advertisements to extract insights about our website. We share this information with our partners on the basis of consent. You may exercise your right to consent, based on a specific purpose below or at a partner level in the link under each purpose. Some vendors may process your data based on their legitimate interests, which does not require your consent. You cannot object to tracking technologies placed to ensure security, prevent fraud, fix errors, or deliver and present advertising and content, and precise geolocation data and active scanning of device characteristics for identification may be used to support this purpose. This exception does not apply to targeted advertising. These choices will be signaled to our vendors participating in the Transparency and Consent Framework.
More information
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. Some of these cookies are only set in response to requests made by you, such as setting your preferences, logging in or filling out forms. They may also be set for certain security purposes and network management. You can manage these types of cookies using your browser settings, but it may affect your ability to use our website.
Cookies Details‎
Targeting
These cookies are used to collect information about your browser, device and website visit and use such formation to provide you with personalised experiences and advertising on this website and others across the internet. If these cookies are disabled, your data will not be shared with third parties for this purpose.

If you are located in the United States, local law may provide you with the right to opt-out of the sale or sharing of your personal information to third parties. You may exercise your right to opt out of this activity by disabling targeting cookies using this toggle switch. Additionally, you may find further information about exercising your consumer rights under local law by visiting our privacy notice.
Cookies Details‎
Performance
These cookies allow us to engage in certain activities, such as counting visits and identifying traffic sources that assist us in measuring the performance of our website. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the website. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our website and will not be able to monitor our website’s performance.
Cookies Details‎
Functional
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and improve your experience. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services have been added to our website. If you do not allow these cookies, you may not receive the best experience when visiting our website and parts of our website may not function properly.
Cookies Details‎
Store and/or access information on a device
Cookies, device or similar online identifiers (e.g. login-based identifiers, randomly assigned identifiers, network based identifiers) together with other information (e.g. browser type and information, language, screen size, supported technologies etc.) can be stored or read on your device to recognise it each time it connects to an app or to a website, for one or several of the purposes presented here.
List of IAB Vendors‎
| View Illustrations
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Use limited data to select advertising
122 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Advertising presented to you on this service can be based on limited data, such as the website or app you are using, your non-precise location, your device type or which content you are (or have been) interacting with (for example, to limit the number of times an ad is presented to you).
View Illustrations
Create profiles for personalised advertising
91 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Information about your activity on this service (such as forms you submit, content you look at) can be stored and combined with other information about you (for example, information from your previous activity on this service and other websites or apps) or similar users. This is then used to build or improve a profile about you (that might include possible interests and personal aspects). Your profile can be used (also later) to present advertising that appears more relevant based on your possible interests by this and other entities.
View Illustrations
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
91 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Advertising presented to you on this service can be based on your advertising profiles, which can reflect your activity on this service or other websites or apps (like the forms you submit, content you look at), possible interests and personal aspects.
View Illustrations
Create profiles to personalise content
46 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Information about your activity on this service (for instance, forms you submit, non-advertising content you look at) can be stored and combined with other information about you (such as your previous activity on this service or other websites or apps) or similar users. This is then used to build or improve a profile about you (which might for example include possible interests and personal aspects). Your profile can be used (also later) to present content that appears more relevant based on your possible interests, such as by adapting the order in which content is shown to you, so that it is even easier for you to find content that matches your interests.
View Illustrations
Use profiles to select personalised content
43 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Content presented to you on this service can be based on your content personalisation profiles, which can reflect your activity on this or other services (for instance, the forms you submit, content you look at), possible interests and personal aspects. This can for example be used to adapt the order in which content is shown to you, so that it is even easier for you to find (non-advertising) content that matches your interests.
View Illustrations
Measure advertising performance
149 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Information regarding which advertising is presented to you and how you interact with it can be used to determine how well an advert has worked for you or other users and whether the goals of the advertising were reached. For instance, whether you saw an ad, whether you clicked on it, whether it led you to buy a product or visit a website, etc. This is very helpful to understand the relevance of advertising campaigns.
View Illustrations
Measure content performance
77 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Information regarding which content is presented to you and how you interact with it can be used to determine whether the (non-advertising) content e.g. reached its intended audience and matched your interests. For instance, whether you read an article, watch a video, listen to a podcast or look at a product description, how long you spent on this service and the web pages you visit etc. This is very helpful to understand the relevance of (non-advertising) content that is shown to you.
View Illustrations
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
89 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Reports can be generated based on the combination of data sets (like user profiles, statistics, market research, analytics data) regarding your interactions and those of other users with advertising or (non-advertising) content to identify common characteristics (for instance, to determine which target audiences are more receptive to an ad campaign or to certain contents).
View Illustrations
Develop and improve services
97 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Information about your activity on this service, such as your interaction with ads or content, can be very helpful to improve products and services and to build new products and services based on user interactions, the type of audience, etc. This specific purpose does not include the development or improvement of user profiles and identifiers.
View Illustrations
Use limited data to select content
49 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Content presented to you on this service can be based on limited data, such as the website or app you are using, your non-precise location, your device type, or which content you are (or have been) interacting with (for example, to limit the number of times a video or an article is presented to you).
View Illustrations
List of IAB Vendors‎
Use precise geolocation data
With your acceptance, your precise location (within a radius of less than 500 metres) may be used in support of the purposes explained in this notice.
List of IAB Vendors‎
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
With your acceptance, certain characteristics specific to your device might be requested and used to distinguish it from other devices (such as the installed fonts or plugins, the resolution of your screen) in support of the purposes explained in this notice.
List of IAB Vendors‎
Always Active
Your data can be used to monitor for and prevent unusual and possibly fraudulent activity (for example, regarding advertising, ad clicks by bots), and ensure systems and processes work properly and securely. It can also be used to correct any problems you, the publisher or the advertiser may encounter in the delivery of content and ads and in your interaction with them.
List of IAB Vendors‎
| View Illustrations
Always Active
Certain information (like an IP address or device capabilities) is used to ensure the technical compatibility of the content or advertising, and to facilitate the transmission of the content or ad to your device.
List of IAB Vendors‎
| View Illustrations
Always Active
Information about your activity on this service may be matched and combined with other information relating to you and originating from various sources (for instance your activity on a separate online service, your use of a loyalty card in-store, or your answers to a survey), in support of the purposes explained in this notice.
List of IAB Vendors‎
Always Active
In support of the purposes explained in this notice, your device might be considered as likely linked to other devices that belong to you or your household (for instance because you are logged in to the same service on both your phone and your computer, or because you may use the same Internet connection on both devices).
List of IAB Vendors‎
Always Active
Your device might be distinguished from other devices based on information it automatically sends when accessing the Internet (for instance, the IP address of your Internet connection or the type of browser you are using) in support of the purposes exposed in this notice.
List of IAB Vendors‎
Always Active
The choices you make regarding the purposes and entities listed in this notice are saved and made available to those entities in the form of digital signals (such as a string of characters). This is necessary in order to enable both this service and those entities to respect such choices.
List of IAB Vendors‎
| View Illustrations
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-policy 22
https://www.salesforce.com/company/privacy/:
Skip to content
See Privacy Statement
How we protect our Customer’s data as a Processor
Our cloud services are designed to help customers comply with privacy laws around the world. Discover more about our commitment to protecting customer data as a processor.
Global Privacy Resources for Salesforce Products
Data Processing Addendum
Data Processing Addendum FAQ
Data Transfer Mechanisms FAQ
Salesforce's Notice of Data Privacy Framework Certification
Trust and Compliance Documentation
Salesforce Audience Studio Privacy Policy
Salesforce's Notice of APEC CBPR and PRP Certifications
Salesforce's EU Processor Binding Corporate Rules
Salesforce's UK Processor Binding Corporate Rules
Salesforce Group Affiliates for UK Binding Corporate Rules for Processors
How we protect data as a Controller
We continuously monitor the global privacy landscape and adapt our privacy program accordingly. Discover more about our commitment to compliance with global privacy laws as a controller
Salesforce Candidate Privacy Statement
Salesforce Apps, Add-ins and Extensions Privacy Statement
Contact Information
To exercise your rights relating to your personal data, or if you have questions regarding our privacy practices, please fill out
this form
, or email us at
privacy@salesforce.com.
For more information about contacting us, see the “Contacting Us” section below.
Learn more
Important Information
Salesforce’s full Privacy Statement contains more information about Salesforce’s privacy practices.
Responsible Salesforce Entity
Salesforce, Inc. and/or its affiliated entities act as the controllers of your Personal Data and are responsible for its processing, unless expressly specified otherwise in our full Privacy Statement. For the avoidance of doubt, our Privacy Statement does not apply to the extent we process Personal Data in the role of a processor on behalf of our customers. A reference to “Salesforce,” “we,” “us” or the “Company” is a reference to Salesforce, Inc. and its affiliates involved in the processing activity. A list of Salesforce’s affiliates can be found in the List of Subsidiaries section of Salesforce’s most recent Form 10-K, available under the SEC Filings tab by selecting the “Annual Filings” filter on the page located here. Please see the "Contacting us" section, below, for our contact information and details of our Data Protection Officer (and in India, our Grievance Officer).
Purposes for which we process Personal Data
We collect and process Personal Data for a variety of purposes, including:
to provide our websites and social media branded pages;
to display personalized advertisements and content;
to manage event registrations and attendance (including ensuring the health and safety of our visitors and employees);
to send communications;
to handle contact and user support requests;
to provide and optimize the performance of our services;
to bill for our services and manage our accounts (including usage and licensing compliance);
to administer surveys and conduct research; and
to comply with our legal obligations.
For the list of purposes for which we Process your Personal Data, please see the full Privacy Statement.
We only collect and process your Personal Data to the extent it is necessary for fulfilling these purposes and where we can rely on a legal basis for such processing as set out in our full Privacy Statement. Where required, we will ask you for your prior consent to processing.
Please review the "What Personal Data do we collect?" and "Purposes for which we process Personal Data and the legal bases on which we rely" sections in our full Privacy Statement for further details. Also, please review the "How long do we keep your Personal Data?" section to learn how long we store your Personal Data.
Who do we share Personal Data with
We may share Personal Data with various parties, including:
Our contracted service providers that process Personal Data on our behalf for IT and system administration, credit card processing, research and analytics, marketing, customer support and data enrichment;
Affiliates within our current or future corporate group that process Personal Data for customer support, marketing, event management, technical operations and account management;
If you are using our services as an authorized user, with the Salesforce customer responsible for your access to the services for verifying your account, and reviewing compliance with our usage terms and policies;
Sponsors of events, webinar or contests for which you register;
Third-party networks and websites so that we can advertise on their platforms;
Specifically in relation to our AppExchange website, with our third-party partners who may contact you regarding their products or services; and
Professional advisers who provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services.
Please review the "Who do we share Personal Data with" section in our full Privacy Statement for the full list and more detailed information.
International transfer of Personal Data
Your Personal Data may be collected, transferred to and stored by us in the United States and by our affiliates and third parties (as disclosed in the full Privacy Statement) in other countries. Therefore, your Personal Data may be processed outside your  country or jurisdiction, including in places that may not provide the same level of protection. As described in the "International transfer of Personal Data" section of our full Privacy Statement, we have implemented safeguards to ensure an adequate level of protection where your Personal Data is transferred.
Data Transfer Mechanisms FAQ
Your rights relating to Personal Data
You have certain rights relating to your Personal Data, subject to local data protection laws. Depending on the applicable laws, these rights may include the right to:
Access your Personal Data held by us;
Know more about how we process your Personal Data;
Rectify inaccurate Personal Data and, taking into account the purpose of processing the Personal Data, ensure it is complete;
Erase or delete your Personal Data;
Restrict our processing of your Personal Data;
Transfer your Personal Data to another controller, to the extent possible;
Object to any processing of your Personal Data;
Opt out of certain disclosures of your Personal Data to third parties;
Know what categories of Personal Data are shared for delivering advertisements on non Salesforce websites, applications, and services and the categories of recipients of such Personal Data;
Opt out of the sharing of your Personal Data for delivering advertisements on non-Salesforce websites, applications, and services;
If you’re under the age of 16, or such other applicable age of consent for privacy purposes in relevant individual jurisdictions, opt in to certain disclosures of your Personal Data to third parties;
Not be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects;
Withdraw your consent at any time (to the extent we base processing on consent); and
Not be discriminated against for exercising your rights as described above.
For more details on your rights and choices and how to exercise them, please review the "Your rights relating to your Personal Data" section in our full Privacy Statement.
Contacting us
To exercise your rights relating to your Personal Data, or if you have questions regarding our privacy practices, please fill out
this form
, email us at
privacy@salesforce.com
or
datasubjectrequest@salesforce.com
, call us at tel:1-855-938-3410 or write to us at:
Salesforce Data Protection Officer (Salesforce Privacy Team) (and in India, a Grievance Officer)
415 Mission St., 3rd Floor
San Francisco, CA 94105, USA
When you contact us, please indicate in which country and/or state you reside.
If you believe that we have not been able to assist with your complaint or concern, and you are located in the EEA or the UK, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority. If you work or reside in a country that is a member of the European Union or that is in the EEA, you may find the contact details for your appropriate data protection authority on the
following website
.
Situations
Categories of Personal Data
If you express an interest in obtaining additional information about our services; request customer support (including accessing the Help & Training Portal); use our “Contact Us” or similar features; register to use our websites or to receive communications; sign up for an event, webinar or contest; participate in a program, training, certification or survey; use our products and services; download certain content; or are employed by a customer of our products and services where your information has been shared with us
Contact information, such as your name, job title, company name, address, phone number, email address, username and password, other information you have voluntarily chosen to share
If you make purchases via our websites or register for an event or webinar
Contact information, financial and billing information, such as billing name and address, credit card number or bank account information
If you attend an event
Attendee badge information which may include name, title, company name, address, country, phone number and email address, image and video
If you give your explicit consent and only for specified events, your biometric information, such as an image of your facial features for identification purposes
During the Covid-19 pandemic, this may also include health status, including your temperature, COVID-19-related symptoms, exposure to COVID-19 positive individuals, vaccination status, testing results, and recent travel history
If you register with us for a variety of purposes, including joining a community that we host or participating in a program, training or certification
Username, photo, video or other biographical information, such as your occupation, location, social media profiles or usernames, company name, areas of expertise and interests
If you interact with our websites or emails
Information about your device and your usage of our websites or emails (such as Internet Protocol (IP) addresses or other identifiers), which may qualify as Personal Data (please see Section 4 below) using cookies, web beacons, or similar technologies
If you use and interact with our products and services
Information about your device and your usage of our services through log files and other technologies, some of which may qualify as Personal Data (including Usage Data) (please see Section 4 below)
If you communicate with us via a phone call
Information such as your name, voice and any other Personal Data voluntarily share
If you visit our offices
Name, email address, phone number, company name, time and date of arrival, image or video
During the Covid-19 pandemic, this may also include health status, including your temperature, COVID-19-related symptoms, exposure to COVID-19 positive individuals, vaccination status, testing results, and recent travel history
If you voluntarily submit certain information to us, such as filling out a survey, responding to a questionnaire or participating in other forms of research
Information you have provided as part of that request, which may include Personal Data and special categories of Personal Data, to the extent you voluntarily choose to provide it
If you are a supplier or service provider to Salesforce (or work for a supplier or service provider)
Contact information, payment and billing information
If you provide us, our service providers or our affiliates with any Personal Data relating to other individuals, you represent that you have the authority to do so, and where required, have obtained the necessary consent, and acknowledge that it may be used in accordance with this Privacy Statement. If you believe that your Personal Data has been provided to us improperly, or want to exercise your rights relating to your Personal Data, please contact us by using the information in Section 13 below.
3.2 Personal Data we collect from other sources
We also collect information about you from other sources including partners from whom we collect or purchase Personal Data or who provide us with publicly available information which may contain Personal Data. We may combine this information with Personal Data provided by you.
Provision of the services:
The Personal Data we collect to provide our products and services may include information you have made publicly available online (such as when using social media sites) or that is published by third parties and contains information about you (such as news articles). For a select number of services, we collect this Personal Data from partners who may receive this data when you visit or use their services or through the third parties they work with.
In addition, the Personal Data we collect to provide our products and services may include location information from third parties, which helps us offer features like identity management and multi-factor authentication.
Advertising: The Personal Data we collect from other sources for the purposes of tailored advertising includes identifiers, professional or employment-related information, education information, commercial information, visual information, internet activity information, and inferences about preferences and behaviors. We, collect this from third party providers of business contact information, including mailing addresses, job titles, email addresses, phone numbers, intent data (or user behavior data), IP addresses, social media profiles, LinkedIn URLs and custom profiles for purposes of targeted advertising, delivering relevant email content, event promotion and profiling, determining eligibility and verifying contact information. This helps us update, expand, and analyze our records, identify new customers, and create more tailored advertising to provide services that may be of interest to you.
Additional sources: In addition to the aforementioned, we collect Personal Data from the following sources:
Another individual at your organization who may provide us with your personal information, which may include Personal Data and special categories of Personal Data, to the extent you consent to providing it and sharing it, for the purposes of obtaining services and assessing our goals related to encouraging diversity within our vendors; and
Platforms such as GitHub to manage code check-ins and pull requests. If you participate in an open-source or community development project, we may associate your code repository username with your community account so we can inform you of program changes that are important to your participation or relate to additional security requirements.
Only where necessary for security purposes, we may collect information that is publicly available online (such as accessible through search engines or public social media sites), as well as images, physical descriptions and other pertinent information necessary to address a credible security threat to our employees, events or premises.
Type of Cookies
Description
Managing Settings
Required cookies
Required cookies are necessary for basic website functionality. Some examples include: session cookies needed to transmit the website, authentication cookies, and security cookies.
If you have chosen to identify yourself to us, we may place on your browser a cookie that allows us to uniquely identify you when you are logged into the websites and to process your online transactions and requests.
Because required cookies are essential to operate the websites, there is no option to opt out of these cookies.
Functional cookies
Functional cookies enhance functions, performance, and services on the website. Some examples include: cookies used to analyze site traffic, cookies used for market research, and cookies used to display advertising that is not directed to a particular individual.
Functional cookies may also be used to improve how our websites function and to help us provide you with more relevant communications, including marketing communications. These cookies collect information about how our websites are used, including which pages are viewed most often.
We may use our own technology or third-party technology to track and analyze usage information to provide enhanced interactions and more relevant communications, and to track the performance of our advertisements.
Salesforce may also use HTML5 local storage or Flash cookies for the above-mentioned purposes. These technologies differ from browser cookies in the amount and type of data they store, and how they store it.
We need your prior consent to use functional cookies. To change your cookie settings and preferences, including those for functional cookies, click the Cookie Preferences link in the footer of the page.
To learn how to control functional cookies via your individual browser settings, click
here
.
To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies, click
here
.
Advertising cookies
Advertising cookies track activity across websites in order to understand a viewer’s interests and to direct marketing to them.
We sometimes use cookies delivered by us or by third parties to show you ads for our products that we think may interest you on devices you use and to track the performance of our advertisements. For example, these cookies collect information such as which browser you used when visiting our websites.
Salesforce also contracts with third-party advertising networks that collect IP addresses and other information from web beacons on our websites, from emails and on third-party websites. Advertising networks follow your online activities over time and across different websites or other online services by collecting certain data through automated means, including through the use of cookies. These technologies may recognize you across the different devices you use. When we work with third party advertising networks, we require them to restrict their data processing to only what is necessary to provide us with the advertising services we request.
We need your prior consent to use of targeting and advertising cookies. To change your cookie settings and preferences, including those for targeting and advertising cookies, click the Cookie Preferences link in the footer of the page.
See Section 4.3, below, to learn more about these and other advertising networks and your ability to opt out of collection by certain third parties.
For more information about Tableau and Slack’s use of cookies specifically, please see the
Tableau Cookie Policy
and the
Slack Cookie Policy
.
4.3 Notices on behavioral advertising and opt-out for website visitors
As described above, we or one of our authorized partners may place or read cookies on your device when you visit our websites for the purpose of serving you targeted advertising (also referred to as “online behavioral advertising” or “interest-based advertising”). To learn more about targeted advertising and advertising networks, please visit the opt-out pages of the Network Advertising Initiative,
here
, and the Digital Advertising Alliance,
here
. To opt-out of targeted advertising that is provided to us and to third parties by Salesforce Audience Studio, click
here
.
To manage the use of targeting and advertising cookies on this website, click the Cookie Preferences link in the footer of the page or consult your individual browser settings for cookies. To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies, click
here
. Various browsers may also offer their own management tools for removing HTML5 local storage.
4.4 Opt-Out from the setting of cookies on your individual browser
In addition to using the user preference center, in many cases you may opt-out from the collection of non-essential device data on your web browser (see Section 4.1 above) by managing your cookies at the browser or device level. In addition, if you wish to opt-out of interest-based advertising, click
here
(or, if located in the European Union or United Kingdom, click
here
). To opt-out of targeted advertising that is provided to us and to third parties by Salesforce Audience Studio, click
here
. Please note, however, that by blocking or deleting cookies and similar technologies used on our websites, you may not be able to take full advantage of the websites.
While some internet browsers offer a “do not track” or “DNT” option that lets you tell websites that you do not want to have your online activities tracked, these features are not yet uniform and there is no common standard adopted by industry groups, technology companies, or regulators. Therefore, we do not currently commit to responding to browsers’ DNT signals with respect to our websites. Salesforce takes privacy and meaningful choice seriously and will make efforts to continue to monitor developments around DNT browser technology and the implementation of a standard.
4.5 Social Media Features
Our websites may use social media features, such as the “Tweet” button and other sharing widgets (“Social Media Features”). Social Media Features may allow you to post information about your activities on our website to outside platforms and social networks. Social Media Features may also allow you to like or highlight information we have posted on our website or our branded social media pages. Social Media Features are either hosted by each respective platform or hosted directly on our website. To the extent the Social Media Features are hosted by the platforms themselves, and you click through to these from our websites, the platform may receive information showing that you have visited our websites. If you are logged in to your social media account, it is possible that the respective social media network can link your visit to our websites with your social media profile.
Salesforce also allows you to log in to certain of our websites using sign-in services. These services authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain Personal Data from these services with us such as your name and email address to pre-populate our sign-up form.
Your interactions with Social Media Features are governed by the privacy policies of the companies providing them.
4.6 Telephony log information
If you use certain features of our services on a mobile device, we may also collect telephony log information (like phone numbers, time and date of calls, duration of calls, SMS routing information and types of calls), device event information (such as crashes, system activity, hardware settings, browser language), and location information (through IP address, GPS, and other sensors that may, for example, provide us with information on nearby devices, Wi-Fi access points and cell towers).
Purpose
Description
Legal basis
Providing our websites (including our social media pages)
We process your Personal Data to operate and administer our websites and to provide you with the content you access and request
Our legitimate interest in providing online content to our customers and prospective customers regarding our service offering and related information
Improving our websites
We process your Personal Data to analyze overall trends and help us improve the user experience on our websites
Our legitimate interest in providing a relevant and well-functioning website for the benefit of our website visitors
Promoting the security of our websites
We process your Personal Data by tracking use of our websites and verifying and investigating activity
Our legitimate interest in promoting the safety and security of our websites and in protecting our rights and the rights of others
Displaying personalized advertisements and content
We process your Personal Data to conduct market research, advertise to you, provide personalized information about us on and off our websites and to provide other personalized content based upon your activities and interests
Our legitimate interest in advertising our products and services or, where necessary, to the extent you have provided your prior consent
Please see Section 10 below, to learn how you can control the processing of your Personal Data by Salesforce for personalized advertising purposes
Registering visitors
We process your Personal Data, including registration information and associated non-disclosure information, for security reasons
Our legitimate interest in protecting our offices, staff, visitors and our confidential information against unauthorized access
Managing event registrations and attendance
Managing event registrations and attendance
We process your Personal Data to plan and host events or webinars for which you have registered or that you attend, including sending related communications to you
Where you explicitly consent, we also may process your biometric Personal Data to facilitate event registration and for security reasons
Performance of a contract or where we receive your explicit consent
Ensuring the health of our visitors and employees
We process your Personal Data (which may include special categories of Personal Data) (where legally permitted) during office visits and at events during the COVID-19 pandemic to ensure the health and safety of our visitors and employees
Consent and explicit consent or in our legitimate interest to ensure the health of our employees and visitors where necessary for reasons of public interest in the area of public health
Ensuring the safety and security of our employees, events and premises
We process your Personal Data where necessary based on a credible threat to our employees, events or premises
Our legitimate interest in protecting our employees, events and premises
Sending communications
We process your Personal Data to send you marketing information, product recommendations and other non-transactional communications (e.g., marketing newsletters, telemarketing calls, SMS or push notifications, information about our products, news or events) about us, our affiliates and partners
Our legitimate interest in conducting direct marketing or where you have provided your prior consent (please see Section 10 below to learn how you can control the processing of your Personal Data by Salesforce for marketing purposes)
Recording phone calls
We process your Personal Data, including recording phone calls (in accordance with applicable laws) for training, quality assurance, and administration purposes
If required under applicable law, we will give you the option to object to a call being recorded
Consent or our legitimate interest in maintaining the high quality of our phone calls with users
Handling contact and user support requests
We process your Personal Data, if you fill out a “Contact Me” web form or request user support, or if you contact us by other means including but not limited to via phone
Necessary for the performance of a contract or our legitimate interest in fulfilling your requests and communicating with you
Providing our services
We process your Personal Data to perform our contract with you for the provision of our services and to satisfy our obligations under the applicable terms of use
Necessary for the performance of a contract or our legitimate interest to provide and administer our services
Developing and optimizing the performance of the services
We process your Personal Data to
develop, optimize, and improve
the performance of the services
Legitimate interest to develop services and ensure that the services are performing in line with customer expectations; if special categories of Personal Data are processed, where the Personal Data is manifestly made public by the data subject
Providing personalized interactions
We process your Personal Data to customize our interactions with you
Legitimate interest to offer the best-in class services to our customers
Managing our customer and user accounts
We process your Personal Data (including Usage Data) to manage customer and user accounts generally, such as billing, customer correspondence and customer relationship management
Necessary for the performance of a contract or our legitimate interest in the management of customer and user accounts
Managing usage and licensing compliance
We process your Personal Data (including Usage Data) to assess and manage usage and licensing compliance with the applicable terms of use of our services
Necessary for the performance of a contract or our legitimate interest in managing the provision of our services to customers
Preparing internal reports and business modeling
We process your Personal Data (including Usage Data) for internal reporting and business modeling purposes (e.g., forecasting, revenue, capacity planning, product strategy)
Our legitimate interest in the management of our business operations
Maintaining our security
We process your Personal Data (including your Usage Data) for the purposes of maintaining Salesforce’s own security, including investigating, detecting and preventing suspicious activity, fraud and cybercrime that may affect Salesforce or its services
Our legitimate interest in promoting the safety and security of Salesforce generally and to protect our rights and the rights of others
Managing compensation for employees
We process your Personal Data (including your Usage Data) for the purposes of determining compensation for Salesforce employees, such as commission
Necessary for the performance of a contract with an employee or our legitimate interest in fairly compensating our employees
Undertaking financial reporting
We process your Personal Data (including your Usage Data) for the purposes of financial reporting
Our legitimate interest in meeting our obligations associated with the reporting of our finances
Aggregating data
We process your Personal Data (including your Usage Data) for the purposes of aggregating this information to ensure that it is no longer identifying
Our legitimate interest in minimizing the amount of Personal Data processed as part of the noted processing activity
Managing, and participating in, webinars, contests, programs, training, certifications or promotions
We process your Personal Data if you register for a webinar, contest, promotion, training, certification or a program.
In some cases where the training or certification is through your employer, we will share your we will share your Personal Data with your employer
Some webinars, contests, programs, trainings, certifications and promotions have additional rules containing information about how we will process your Personal Data
Consent, necessary for the performance of a contract or our legitimate interest in providing the webinar, contest, promotion, training, certification or promotion
Managing payments
If you have provided financial information to us, we process your Personal Data to verify that information and to collect payments to the extent that doing so is necessary to complete a transaction and perform our contract with you
Necessary for the performance of a contract
Administering surveys and conducting research
We process your Personal Data (including, where legally permitted, special categories of Personal Data) in order to meet the goals set out in surveys or research as well as to analyze our compliance with internal policies
Consent or explicit consent (if required under applicable law) or our legitimate interest in conducting the survey or research based on its stated goals (where no special categories of Personal Data are in scope)
Participating in a Salesforce community, such as that focused on open-source development
We process your Personal Data, such as your username associated with your community account, in order to host and maintain the community for the benefit of its members
Our legitimate interest in hosting and maintaining such a community for the benefits of its members, as well as in order to inform you of program changes that are important to your participation or relate to additional security measures
Collecting diversity information
We process your Personal Data (including special categories of Personal Data) to the extent you voluntarily consent to provide it to meet our broader community goals related to diversity and equality of opportunity
Consent or explicit consent (if required under applicable law)
Complying with legal obligations
We process your Personal Data (including Usage Data) when cooperating with public and government authorities, courts or regulators in accordance with our legal obligations under applicable laws to the extent this requires the processing or disclosure of Personal Data to protect our rights
Legal obligation or our legitimate interest in protecting against misuse or abuse of our websites or services, protecting personal property or safety, pursuing remedies available to us and limiting our damages, complying with judicial proceedings, court orders or legal processes, responding to lawful requests, or for auditing purposes
If we need to collect and process Personal Data by law, or under a contract we have entered into with you, and you fail to provide the required Personal Data when requested, we may not be able to perform our contract with you.
Requests Submitted
Requests Fulfilled in Whole Or In Part*
Average Days to Respond
Average Days to Complete a Request**
Requests for access to Personal Data
44
32
1
49
Requests to delete Personal Data
210
143
1
29
Requests to correct Personal Data
4
0
1
3
Objections to processing Personal Data
7
4
1
15
Requests to opt-out of Sharing
2,064
2,064
n/A
5
*Requests may be unable to be completed due to factors like duplicate requests, the inability to verify the resident’s identity or lack of response.
**Time to complete a request may depend in part on receipt of information from the person making the request, such as information to verify the person’s identity or information about the action requested.  Data is for all requests received by the Salesforce Family Affiliates from California residents between January 1 and December 31, 2023.
Contact us