고객님의 개인정보를 중요시하며 정보통신망 이용촉진 및 정보보호에 관한
법률을 준수 하고 있습니다. 당사는 아래와 같이 개인정보취급방침을
명시하여 개인정보가 어떠한 용도와 방식으로 이용되고 있으며,
개인정보보호를 위해 어떠한 조치를 취하는지 알려드립니다.
당사 개인정보 취급방침은 정부의 법률 및 지침의 변경과 당사의 약관 및
내부 정책에 따라 변경될 수 있으며 이를 개정하는 경우 회사는 변경사항에
대하여 즉시해당 페이지에 게시합니다.
■ 수집하는 개인정보
 항목당사는 개인정보를 수집하지 않습니다.

■ 개인정보의 수집 및 이용목적
 당사는 개인정보를 수집하지 않으며, 따라서 개인 정보를 이용하지 않습니다.

■ 개인정보의 보유 및 이용기간
 당사는 개인정보를 보유하지 않습니다.

■ 개인정보의 파기절차 및 방법
 당사는 개인정보를 수집하지 않으며,  따라서 파기절차 및 방법이 필요치 않습니다.

■ 개인정보 제공
 당사는 개인정보를 수집하지 않으며,  이용자의 개인정보를 원칙적으로 외부에 제공하지 않습니다.

■ 이용자 및 법정대리인의 권리와 그 행사방법
 당사는 개인정보를 수집하지 않습니다.

■ 개인정보 자동수집 장치의 설치, 운영 및 그 거부에 관한 사항
 당사는 개인정보를 수집하지 않습니다.

■ 개인정보에 관한 민원서비스
 당사는 고객의 개인정보를 보호하고 개인정보와 관련한 불만을 처리하기 위하여
 아래와 같이 관련 부서 및 개인정보관리책임자를 지정하고 있습니다.
 고객지원팀이메일 :
buttonenm@gmail.com
법령, 정책 또는 보안기술의 변경에 따라 내용의 추가, 삭제 및 수정이 있을 시에는 
변경사항 시행일의 7일전부터 해당 페이지를 통하여 고지합니다.

이 개인정보취급방침은 2023년 3월 17일부터 적용됩니다.
- 개인정보취급방침 시행일자 : 2023년 3월 17일
Privacy Statement
We place importance on your personal information and observe
compliance rate on information network use promotion and
information protection We are.
We will disclose your personal information policy as follows:
 It is being used in a manner and a manner, and it is necessary
to know what measures are taken to protect personal information give.
Our Privacy Policy is subject to change of government laws and
guidelines, Changes may be made in accordance with internal
policies, and in the case of amendment, Publish to this page.
■ Personal information you collect
 Items We do not collect personal information.

■ Collection and use of personal information
 We do not collect personal information, and therefore do not use personal information.

■ Retention and use period of personal information
 We do not hold any personal information.

■ Procedures and methods of destroying personal information
 We do not collect personal information, so we do not need to destroy procedures and methods.

■ Providing personal information
 We do not collect personal information.

■ Rights of users and legal representatives and how to exercise
 them We do not collect personal information.

■ Matters concerning the installation, operation and rejection
 of the automatic collection device of personal information
 We do not collect personal information.

■ Civil Service on Personal Information
 In order to protect your personal information and to handle any
 complaints about your personal information, And the relevant
 department and person in charge of personal information management.
 Customer support team email:
buttonenm@gmail.com
If there is any addition, deletion or modification of the contents
due to changes in statute, policy or security technology, From 7 days
prior to the enforcement date, we will notify you through this page.

This Privacy Policy Effective Mar 17, 2023.
- Privacy policy enforcement date: Mar 17, 2023
COPYRIGHT ⓒ Button ENM Co., Ltd. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.