**Privacy Policy**
Radio Privacy Policy ErinaLisa
January 29, 2023
Contact email:  erinalisa1985@gmail.com
Your privacy is an important factor that Free Radios ErinaLisa  (thats us) considers in the development of each of our products and services. We are committed to being transparent and open. This Free Radios Privacy Policy explains generally how we receive information about you, and what we do with that information once we have it. You can also read our product privacy notices and FAQs to get more detail with respect to each of our products and services.
WHAT DO WE MEAN BY "PERSONAL INFORMATION?"
For us, “personal information” means information which identifies you, like your name or email address. Any information that falls outside of this is “non-personal information.” If we store your personal information with information that is non-personal, we will consider the combination as personal information. If we remove all personal information from a set of data then the remaining is non-personal information.
If you have any question please reach us by email adress:   erinalisa1985@gmail.com
HOW DO WE LEARN INFORMATION ABOUT YOU?
We learn information about you when: you give it to us directly (e.g., when you choose to send us crash reports); we collect it automatically through our products and services (e.g., when your Firefox browser checks with us to see if is up to date); someone else tells us information about you (e.g., when Thunderbird works with your email providers to set up your account); or when we try and understand more about you based on information you ve given to us (e.g., when we use your IP address to customize language for some of our services). What do we do with your information once we have it?
When you give us information, we will use it in the ways for which you ve given us permission. Generally, we use your information to help us provide and improve our products and services for you.
WHEN DO WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION WITH OTHERS?
When we have asked and received your permission to share it.
For processing or providing products and services to you, but only if those entities receiving your information are contractually obligated to handle the data in ways that are approved by Free Radios. When we are fulfilling our mission of being open. We sometimes release information to make our products better and foster an open web, but when we do so, we will remove your personal information and try to disclose it in a way that minimizes the risk of you being re-identified. When the law requires it. We follow the law whenever we receive requests about you from a government or related to a lawsuit. We will notify you when we are asked to hand over your personal information in this way unless we are legally prohibited from doing so. When we receive requests like this, we will only release your personal information if we have a good faith belief that the law requires us to do so. Nothing in this policy is intended to limit any legal defenses or objections that you may have to a third partys request to disclose your information. When we believe it is necessary to prevent harm to you or someone else. We will only share your information in this way if we have a good faith belief that it is reasonably necessary to protect the rights, property or safety of you, our other users, Free Radios or the public. If our organizational structure or status changes (if we undergo a restructuring, are acquired, or go bankrupt) we may pass your information to a successor or affiliate.
HOW DO WE STORE AND PROTECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We are committed to protecting your personal information once we have it. We implement physical, business and technical security measures. Despite our efforts, if we learn of a security breach, we will notify you so that you can take appropriate protective steps.
We also dont want your personal information for any longer than we need it, so we only keep it long enough to do what we collected it for. Once we dont need it, we take steps to destroy it unless we are required by law to keep it longer.
WHAT ELSE SHOULD YOU KNOW?
We are a global organization and our computers are in several different places around the world. We also use service providers whose computers may also be in various countries. This means that your information might end up on one of those computers in another country, and that country may have a different level of data protection regulation than yours. By giving us information, you consent to this kind of transfer of your information. No matter what country your information is in, we comply with applicable law and will also abide by the commitments we make in this privacy policy.
If you are under 13, we dont want your personal information, and you must not provide it to us. If you are a parent and believe that your child who is under 13 has provided us with personal information, please contact us to have your child’s information removed.
WHAT IF WE CHANGE THIS PRIVACY POLICY OR ANY OF OUR PRIVACY NOTICES?
We may need to change this policy and our notices. The updates will be posted online. If the changes are substantive, we will announce the update through Free Radios usual channels for such announcements such as blog posts and forums. Your continued use of the product or service after the effective date of such changes constitutes your acceptance of such changes. To make your review more convenient, we will post an effective date at the top of the page.
Contact email:  erinalisa1985@gmail.com