Any collection, processing and use (hereinafter "use") of data is solely for the purpose of providing our services. The services of the
Food Database GmbH
have been designed to use as little personal information as possible. For that matter, "personal data" is understood as all individual details about a person or factual circumstances of an identifiable natural person (so-called "affected person").
The following statements on data protection describe what types of data are collected when accessing our website, what happens with these data and how you may object to data usage.
1 General information on data processing
1.1 Person Responsible (Controller)
Responsible within the meaning of the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and the new Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG) is:
Food Database GmbH
Konsul-Smidt-Str. 23
28217 Bremen
Germany
1.2 Name and address of the Data Security Officer
The data security officer is:
Kemal Webersohn of WS Datenschutz GmbH
If you have questions about data protection, you can contact WS Datenschutz GmbH at the following email address:
fddb@ws-datenschutz.com
WS Datenschutz GmbH
Dircksenstraße 51
10719 Berlin
Germany
https://www.ws-datenschutz.de/
1.3 Protection of your data
We have taken technical and organizational measures to ensure that the requirements of the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) are met by us, as well as, by external service providers working for us.
If we work with other companies to provide our services, such as email and server providers, this will only be done after an extensive selection process. In this selection process, each individual service provider is carefully selected for its suitability in terms of technical and organizational data protection skills. This selection procedure will be documented in writing and an agreement on the order processing of data (order processing contract) will only be concluded if the third party complies with the requirements of Art. 28 GDPR.
Your information will be stored on specially protected servers. Access to it is only possible for a few specially authorized persons. Our app is SSL/TLS encrypted.
1.4 Minors
We are particularly concerned about the protection of the data of minors. Our services are therefore only intended for persons who have reached the age of 16. Pursuant to Article 8 GDPR, consent granted to a person who has not yet reached the age of 16 has been effectively granted only if it has been given by the legal guardians themselves or if they have been approved.
1.5 Erasure of personal data
We process personal data only if necessary. As soon as the purpose of the data processing is fulfilled, erasure of the data is carried out according to the standards of the erasure concept, unless legal or contractual regulations oppose this.
2 Data processing when downloading the app
When downloading the app, personal data may be transmitted to and processed by the respective App Store. These are in particular:
Username
E-mail address
Customer number of your account
Time of download
Payment information
individual device code
2.1 Note when using the Android version
We would like to point out that when using the Android version of our app, the so-called "Coarse Location Permission" can be requested by the user.
This is a confidential Android permissions. This authorization request is graphically displayed with a system dialog within the app and must be granted/confirmed by the user. This is a security feature from Google. This gives Scan the right to determine the approximate user location.
We do not use this permission to determine the approximate location of the user. However, it is possible for Google to process this data.
The possible data processing for the European Economic Area and for Switzerland is carried out by: Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google's privacy policy can be found at:
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
. For privacy questions, please contact Google using the following contact form:
https://www.google.de/contact/
.
3 Data processing when using the app
3.1 Description and scope of data processing
When you use our app, the following data is transferred to provide the app's features:
IP address
Date and time of access
Time zone difference to Greenwich Mean Time (GMT),
Content of the request (concrete page),
Access status/HTTP status code,
the amount of data transferred in each case,
Operating system and its interface
Registration ID
In addition to this personal data, additional personal data may be collected from us and our partners, plus more below.
3.2 Legal basis for data processing
The processing of this data is carried out on the basis of Art. 6 para. 1 s.1 lit. f) GDPR. Our legitimate interest is based on making our app available to you.
3.3 Purpose of data processing
The data processing is carried out for the purpose of enabling the use of the app. It is used for system security, technical administration of the network infrastructure and optimization. The IP address is only evaluated in the event of attacks on our network infrastructure or the network infrastructure of our service provider.
3.4 Duration of data storage
The personal data will be deleted as soon as they are no longer required for the above-mentioned purposes and no legal, contractual or official regulations prevent deletion.
3.5 Right to objection and erasure
The collection of data for the provision of the app and the storage of the data in is absolutely necessary for the operation of the app. However, you have at any time the possibility to object to the processing of the data by reporting to our data protection officer.
4 Contact
4.1 Description and scope of data processing
Via our app it is possible to contact us via e-mail . This will require different data to answer the request, which will be automatically saved for processing.  Your data will not be passed on to third parties, unless you have given your consent.
4.2 Legal basis for data processing
The legal basis depends on Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. b) GDPR.
4.3 Purpose of data processing
The processing of personal data from the input form is used solely handling the contact request.
4.4 Duration of storage
Your data will be deleted by us as soon as you make a deletion request and no legal, contractual or official regulations prevent deletion.
4.5 Right to objection and erasure
The user has the right to withdraw their consent to the processing of personal data at any time. If the user contacts us, they can object to storage of their personal data at any time. In such cases, the conversation cannot be continued. All personal data that has been stored in the course of the contact will be deleted.
4.6
Sendinblue
4.6.1
Description and scope of data processing
We use the service provider Sendinblue to send e-mails. For this purpose, the e-mail addresses are transferred to Sendinblue. The data processing is carried out by:
Sendinblue GmbH
Köpenicker Straße 126
10179 Berlin
Germany
Sendinblue operates a server location in Germany and has a
TÜV Rheinland certificate
for data protection. Sendinblue is a certified provider selected according to the requirements of the General Data Protection Regulation and the Federal Data Protection Act. Sendinblue processes the personal data on our behalf and under our direction on the basis of a contract concluded with the company for the processing of orders in accordance with Art. 28 sec. 3 GDPR.
For more information on Sendinblue's privacy, please click here:
Privacy Policy - Personal Data Protection - Sendinblue
4.6.2
Legal basis for data processing
The data processing for the sending of e-mails is carried out on the basis of a contractual relationship in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. b) GDPR.
4.6.3
Purpose of data processing
We use Sendinblue as our e-mail service provider to ensure effective address management and to stay in touch with you through the newsletter.
4.6.4
Duration of storage
Sendinblue deletes personal data as soon as the purpose of the data processing has been achieved and no legal, contractual or official regulations prevent deletion. This is the case no later than two years after the termination of the contract between us and Sendinblue.
4.6.5
Right to objection and erasure
You have the possibility to object to the processing of your data at any time. For this purpose, please contact our Data Protection Officer. For questions about Sendinblue's privacy, you can contact the service's data protection officer at the following address:
datenschutz@sendinblue.com
5 Registration
5.1 Description and scope of data processing
The data subject can register on our website. This requires the data subject to enter personal data in the registration form. The following data is
at least
collected for this:
Username
Email address
Password
The information provided by the data subject in the registration mask will be used exclusively for processing and will not be disclosed to third parties.
You can also
optionally
store additional personal information, such as date of birth, nutrition diary, weight, etc., in your profile while using the app.
If you already have a user account and log in to our app with it, all data you have stored in the profile will be transferred:
User profile
Username
E-mail address
Date of birth
Height
Gender
Nutrition diary (e.B. Which foods are recorded at what time; What activities have been done for how long)
Favorites
Recipes
Diet report
Weight
Hip and waist circumference
Body fat and water content
To prevent the data from having to be reloaded every time the app is launched, it is stored in a local database on your mobile device. Uninstalling the app will delete this data.
5.2 Legal basis for data processing
If the data subject enters mandatory personal data in the registration form, the legal basis of the data processing is based on Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. b) GDPR. However, if the user also enters personal data in the optional input field, the data processing is based on Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. a) GDPR.
5.3 Purpose of data processing
The processing of personal data is used solely for us to finish your registration and organize your website-account.
5.4 Duration of storage
The data are deleted as soon as the purpose of storage is no longer required. This is the case if you delete your account and no statutory or regulatory retention periods of erasure contradict.
5.5 Right to objection and erasure
During and after the registration, the data subject is free to change, correct or delete their personal data.
6 Product emails
6.1
Description and scope of data processing
Our existing customers may receive product emails from us that contain information and innovations about our product. For this purpose, your specified name and e-mail address will be processed.
6.2
Legal basis for data processing
However, this is only done within the narrow limits of § 7 para. 3 of the UWG, which is to be understood in the light of Article 95 GDPR in a mirror image to Art. 6 para. 1 s.1 lit. f) GDPR. Our legitimate interest is to inform our existing customers about our products by means of promotional e-mails and thus to maintain contact with these customers.
6.3
Purpose of data processing
The product e-mails have the function to provide you with information about innovations in our product or notes.
6.4
Duration of storage
We will only process your data for as long as this is necessary for the purpose of performance and no legal or official retention obligations prevent deletion.
6.5 Right to objection and erasure
You have the possibility to object to the data processing for this purpose at any time. To do this, you can click the unsubscribe link built into each newsletter or adjust your profile settings.
7 Social Media
We have integrated the social media platforms Facebook and Instagram on our app via links, which lead to the social media providers receiving data from you if necessary. If you click on the social media link, the website of the respective social media provider will be accessed. By accessing the websites of the respective social media provider via our website, the respective social media provider is transmitted the respective reference data by us. The social media provider receives the information that you have visited us.
Note on data processing in the USA:
When you click on a social media link, data from you may be processed by the relevant provider in the United States. The ECJ considers that the data protection standard in the US is insufficient and that there is a risk that your data will be processed by the US authorities for control and monitoring purposes, possibly without any redress. Unless you click on the links of the social media providers, a data transfer will not take place.
Further information on data processing by social media providers can be found here:
Facebook:
https://de-de.facebook.com/help/pages/insights
https://de-de.facebook.com/about/privacy
https://de-de.facebook.com/full_data_use_policy
Instagram:
https://help.instagram.com/155833707900388
LinkedIn:
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
8 Analysis and marketing tools
Note on data processing in countries without adequate level of protection by Google and Huawai:
By agreeing to the data processing by all analysis and marketing services, you agree in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. a) GDPR that your data will be processed in the USA and the People's Republic of China. The ECJ considers that the data protection standard in the US and China is insufficient and that there is a risk that your data will be processed by the local authorities for control and monitoring purposes, possibly without any redress. If you only agree to set essential services, the delivery will not take place. Consent given can be revoked at any time.
8.1 Google Analytics
8.1.1 Description and scope of data processing
Our app uses Google Analytics. This is a service for analyzing access to websites of Google Inc. ("Google") and allows us to improve our app.
Data processing for the European Economic Area and for Switzerland is carried out by: Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Cookies enable us to analyze your use of our app. The information collected by a cookie are:
IP address
Access time
Access Duration
The information is transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. The evaluation of your activities on our website is transmitted to us in the form of reports. Google may pass on the collected information to third parties, if required by law or if third parties process this data on behalf of Google. The Google tracking codes of our Internet offer use the function "_anonymizeIp ()", thus IP addresses are processed only shortened, in order to exclude a possible direct personal link to you.
Under
https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/
as well as under
http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/de.html
you can find out more about the terms of use and privacy policy of Google Analytics.
8.1.2 Legal basis of data processing
Legal basis is your consent, Art. 6 para 1 s. 1 lit. a) GDPR.
8.1.3 Purpose of data processing
By processing the data, we can analyze how our Apps are used, so we can improve them for our users.
8.1.4 Duration of storage
The data will be deleted 50 months after your last app visit.
8.1.5 Right to objection and erasure
You can prevent the installation of cookies by Google Analytics in your browser settings. In this case, however, it may happen that you cannot fully use all features of our website. Also, trough browsers extensions e.g.
http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de
Google Analytics can be disabled and controlled.
8.2 Google Ads and Google Conversion Tracking
8.2.1 Description and scope of data processing
We have integrated the services of Google Ads (formerly Google AdWords) on our app. Google Ads is an internet advertising service. We use Google Ads to gain relevance in the results of Google's search engine. Data processing for the European Economic Area and for Switzerland is carried out by: Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
If the user accesses our website through a Google ad, Google will set a so-called conversion cookie on the user's system. For the explanation of the cookies, please refer to the pass to the cookies. The conversion cookie is used to create and analyze web-use statistics.
The conversion cookie stores the IP address when visiting the app. This data is stored in the USA. It is possible that Google will share this information with third parties.
For further privacy notices of Google refer to:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en&gl=de
8.2.2 Legal basis of data processing
Legal basis is your consent, Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. a) GDPR.
8.2.3 Purpose of data processing
In particular, we use Google Ads to gain relevance in the results of Google's search engine.These advertisements are carried out to reach a greater audience.
8.2.4 Duration of storage
30 days after setting the conversion cookie the cookie loses its validity. This means that the user can no longer be identified. Within these 30 days both- us and Google can track which subpages have been accessed.
8.2.5 Right to objection and erasure
You have the possibility to revoke your consent to the data processing at any time. Please contact our data protection officer. The setting of cookies can be prevented by appropriate settings in the user's Internet browser at any time. The already set cookies can also be deleted in the settings of the Internet browser. We express our concern that preventing cookies from being set may mean that not all features are fully available.
The user may separately object to interest-based personalized advertising by Google. Please refer to the following link:
www.google.de/settings/ads
8.3 Google AdSense
8.3.1 Description and scope of data processing
We use Google AdSense on the app. This is an online service used for promotional purposes. Google AdSense allows the placement of advertisements on third party websites.
Data processing for the European Economic Area and for Switzerland is carried out by: Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google AdSense places a cookie on the affected person. Regarding the clarification of “cookies”, see the passage on cookies above. The information stored by cookie can be recorded, collected and evaluated by Google Inc. or third parties. In addition, Google AdSense also uses so-called "WebBacons" (small invisible graphics) for the collection of information, through the use of which simple actions such as the visitor traffic on the website can be recorded, collected and evaluated.
The information generated by the cookie and / or WebBeacon about your use of this website is transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. Google uses the information to evaluate your web behaviour with respect to the AdSense ads. Google may also transfer this information to third parties if required by law or as far as third parties process this data on behalf of Google. Your IP address will not be associated with other Google data stored by Google. For more information about Google AdSense, please refer to the following link:
https://www.google.de/intl/de/adsense/start/
8.3.2 Legal basis of data processing
Legal basis is your consent, Art. 6 para 1 s. 1 lit. a) GDPR.
8.3.3 Purpose of data processing
The purpose of data processing is to reach a wider audience by using targeted advertisements.
8.3.4 Duration of storage
The data will be deleted as soon as they are no longer needed for our recording purposes.
8.3.5 Right to objection and erasure
The user can prevent the storage of cookies on his hard drive and the display of WebBeacons by making the appropriate settings in the browser. For more information about Google AdSense, please refer to the link below:
https://www.google.de/intl/de/adsense/start/
8.4 Huawei Ads
8.4.1 Description and scope of data processing
We use Huawei Ads in our app. The data processing is carried out by: Huawei Technologies Ireland Co Ltd, Pembroke Hall 38-39, Fitzwilliam Square Dublin, 2 Ireland.
The following data is processed:
Condition of the end device
Information about the device used
Information about how the app works
IP address
Language
Click events
The Service's Privacy Policy can be found at:
https://consumer.huawei.com/de/legal/privacy-policy/
;
https://developer.huawei.com/consumer/en/devservice/term
8.4.2 Legal basis for data processing
The data processing is based on the consent you have given in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 s.1 lit. a) GDPR.
8.4.3 Purpose of data processing
We use the Service to increase our awareness by enabling user-specific ads. We open up a wider range of users and interested parties through advertising.
8.4.4 Duration of data storage
The data will be deleted as soon as the purpose of the data processing has been achieved and no legal, contractual or official regulations prevent deletion.
8.4.5 Right to objection and erasure
You have the possibility to revoke your consent by notifying our data protection officer at any time. You can also contact Huawei's data protection officer at the following contact form:
Privacy Questions (huawei.com)
8.5 Adjust
8.5.1 Description and scope of data processing
We use the analysis services of adjust GmbH, whereby the following data can be processed by you:
Hashed IP address Mobile Identifiers, such as the Advertising ID for iOS (IDFA),
Google Advertising ID or similar mobile identifiers
Installation and first opening on your mobile device
Your interaction on this app (e.g. in-app purchases, registration)
Information about which advertisements you have seen or clicked on
Sensor data including touch events, text change count, accelerometer, gyroscope, battery, light sensor, device hardware specifications and operating system version.
The data processing is carried out by: adjust GmbH, Saarbrücker Str. 37A 10405 Berlin, Germany.
Additional information on data protection can be found at:
https://www.adjust.com/terms/privacy-policy/
8.5.2 Legal basis for data processing
The data processing is based on the consent you have given in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 s.1 lit. a) GDPR.
8.5.3 Purpose of data processing
The purpose of data processing is to measure and track our marketing success in order to be able to continuously improve our app.
8.5.4 Duration of data storage
The data is stored by Adjust for as long as we use the Adjust technology, because Adjust needs it to provide its services to us.
8.5.5 Right to objection and erasure
You have the option to revoke your consent at any time by notifying our data protection officer. For questions about data protection at Adjust, you can send an email to
privacy@adjust.com
.
9 Other tools of third-party providers
9.1 Firebase Crashlytics
9.1.1 Description and scope of data processing
We use Firebase Crashlytics to check for possible errors in our app. The data processing is carried out by: Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
The service helps us by compile statistics about the issues presented by the app, so we can continuously improve the stability and security of our app. The following data can be processed:
Device type
Operating system
App version
Time and location of the problem
The Firebase Crashlytics Privacy Policy can be found at:
https://firebase.google.com/terms/data-processing-terms/
9.1.2 Legal basis for data processing
The data processing is carried out on the basis of our legitimate interest in accordance with Art. 6 sec. 1 p. 1 lit. f) GDPR in order to present and correct problems in our app.
9.1.3 Purpose of data processing
We use the service to classify a crash of our app, e.B. how many users, which devices, operating systems or versions are affected. The service also helps us reduce troubleshooting time and prevent and educate future problems with the app.
9.1.4 Duration of data storage
The data will be deleted as soon as the purpose of the data processing has been achieved and no legal, contractual or official regulations prevent deletion.
9.1.5 Right to objection and erasure
You have the possibility to object to the data processing by notifying our data protection officer at any time. You can also object by setting the "Crash Reports" slider to Off in the privacy settings.
10 Links to other third-party vendors
When using our app, we offer you the possibility to link your user profile to other external services or applications. As a rising a force, the data collected by the respective service provider takes place to us. For this purpose, however, you must actively establish the link and thereby consent to the data processing in accordance with Art. 6 sec. 1 lit. a) GDPR.
A transfer of the data collected by us to the respective third party will not take place unless you have explicitly consented to this.
These are the following services that can transmit the following data to us.
Google Fit
Body weight and body fat percentage incl. time of recording
Daily step count
Google Fit workouts and activities
Training and activities imported into Google Fit through third-party apps
Apple Health
Body weight and body fat percentage incl. time of recording
Food energy, macro and micronutrient information
Daily step count
Apple Health workouts and activities
Training and activities imported into Google Fit through third-party apps
Samsung Health
Body weight incl. time of recording
Training and activities recorded manually by the user or automated by Samsung incl. start time, duration, distance, type and energy consumed
Daily summary of energy, step count and distance consumed
Food energy, macro and micronutrient information
Fitbit
Body weight incl. time of recording
Training and activities recorded manually by the user or automated by Fitbit incl. start time, duration, distance, type and energy consumed
Daily summary of energy consumed and step count
Garmin Connect
Body weight incl. time of recording
Training and activities recorded manually by the user or automated by Garmin incl. start time, duration, step count, distance, type and energy consumed
Daily summary of energy, step count and distance consumed
Consent given can be revoked at any time by notifying our data protection officer. You also have the option to undo the connection between your account and external services or applications at any time. If a connection is successfully disabled, all associated data is deleted from the app.
10.1 Amazon Web Services (AWS)
10.1.1 Description and scope of data processing
If you link, your submitted data will be stored on a server hosted by Amazon Web Services. The data processing is carried out by: Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL, 38 Avenue John F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg.
As a product of: Amazon.com Inc., 410 Terry Avenue North, Seattle WA 98109, USA.
The service provides the technical infrastructure so that we can offer our services, especially databases.
For more details and information about Amazon Web Services' specific privacy policies, see
https://aws.amazon.com/de/privacy/
and
https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=468496
10.1.2 Legal basis for data processing
The legal basis for data processing is Art. 6 sec. 1 lit. f) GDPR i.V. .m. Art. 28 GDPR.
10.1.3 Purpose of data processing
Our legitimate interest is based on the secure and user-friendly provision of our app as well as the secure storage of the data.
10.1.4 Duration of data storage
The data will be deleted as soon as the intended purpose has been fulfilled and there are no contractual, official or statutory retention regulations.
10.1.5 Right to objection and erasure
The collection of data for the provision of the app and the storage of the data is absolutely necessary for the operation of the app. You have the possibility to object to the data processing at any time.
11 Service providers from third countries
In order to be able to provide our services, we use the support of service providers from third party countries (non-EU countries). In order to ensure the protection of your personal data in this case, we conclude processing contracts with each - carefully selected - service provider. All of our processors provide sufficient guarantees to implement appropriate technical and organizational measures. Our third country data processors are either located in a country with an adequate level of data protection (Art. 45 GDPR) or provide appropriate safeguards (Art 46 GDPR).
Adequate level of protection
: The provider comes from a country whose level of data protection has been recognized by the EU Commission. For more information, see:
https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/data-transfers-outside-eu/adequacy-protection-personal-data-non-eu-countries_en
EU standard contract clauses
: Our provider has submitted to the EU standard contractual clauses to ensure secure data transfer. For more information, see:
https://eur-lex.europa.eu/LexUriServ/LexUriServ.do?uri=OJ:L:2010:039:0005:0018:DE:PDF
Binding Corporate Rules
: Article 47 of the GDPR provides the possibility of ensuring data protection when transferring data to a third country via Binding Corporate Rules. These are examined and approved by the data security authorities within the framework of the consistency mechanism pursuant to Art. 63 GDPR.
Consent:
In addition, a data transfer to a third country without an adequate level of protection will only take place if you have given us your consent in accordance with Art. 49 sec. 1 lit. a) GDPR for this purpose.
12 Your rights
You have the following rights with respect to the personal data concerning you:
12.1 Right to withdraw a given consent (Art. 7 GDPR)
If you have given your consent to the processing of your data, you can withdraw it at any time. This will affect the admissibility of processing your personal data by us for the time after you have withdrawn your consent. To withdraw your consent, contact us personally or in written form.
12.2 Right of access (Art. 15 GDPR)
You have the right to obtain from us confirmation as to whether or not personal data concerning you are being processed, and, where that is the case, access to your personal data and the following information:
the purpose of processing;
the categories of personal data concerned;
the recipients or the categories of recipient to whom your personal data have been or will be disclosed, in particular recipients in countries outside of the EU or international organisations;
where possible, the envisaged period for which your personal data will be stored, or, if not possible, the criteria used to determine that period;
all available information on the source of your personal data;
the existence of automated decision-making, including profiling, referred to Art. 22 para. 1 and 4 GDPR and, in those cases, meaningful information about the logic involved, as well as the significance and the envisaged consequences of such processing for you.
In the case of such a request, you must provide enough information about your identity to proof that the request concerns your own personal data.
12.3 Right to rectification and erasure (Art. 16, 17 GDPR)
You have the right to obtain from us without undue delay the rectification and completion of inaccurate personal data concerning yourself.
You may also request the erasure of your personal data if any of the following applies to you:
the personal data concerning you are no longer necessary for the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed;
you withdraw consent on which the processing is based according to Art. 6 para. 1 s.1 lit. a) or Art. 9 para. 2 lit. a) GDPR, and where there is no other legal ground of processing;
you object to the processing pursuant to Art. 21 para. 1 GDPR and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the processing, or the you object to the processing pursuant to Art. 21 para. 2 GDPR;
the personal data have been unlawfully processed;
the personal data have to be erased for compliance with a legal obligation in Union or Member State law to which we are subject;
the personal data have been collected in relation to the offer of information society services referred to in Art. 8 para. 1.
Where we made the personal data public and are obliged to erase the personal data pursuant to Art. 17 para. 1 GDPR, we, taking account of available technology and the cost of implementation, shall take reasonable steps, including technical measures, to inform controllers which are processing the personal data that you have requested the erasure by such controllers of any links to, or copy or replication of, those personal data.
These rights
shall not apply
to the extent that processing is necessary:
for exercising the right of freedom of expression and information;
for compliance with a legal obligation which requires processing by Union or Member State law to which we are subject or for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the controller;
for reasons of public interest in the area of public health in accordance of Art. 9 para. 2 lit. h) and i) as well as Art. 9 para. 3 GDPR;
for archiving purposes in the public interest, scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes in accordance with Art. 89 para. 1 GDPR, in so far as the right referred to above is likely to render impossible or seriously impair the achievement of the objectives of that processing, or
for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
12.4 Right to restriction of processing (Art. 18 GDPR)
You shall have the right to obtain from us restriction of processing where one of the following applies:
the accuracy of the personal data is contested by you, for a period enabling us to verify the accuracy of the personal data;
the processing is unlawful and you oppose the erasure of the personal data and request the restriction of their use instead;
we no longer need the personal data for the purposes of the processing, but they are required by you for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims;
you have objected to processing pursuant to Art. 21 para. 1 GDPR pending the verification whether our legitimate grounds override yours.
Where processing has been restricted under the aforementioned conditions, such personal data shall, except for storage, only be processed with your consent or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims or for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person or for reasons of important public interest of the Union or of a Member State.
If the limitation of the processing is restricted, you will be informed by us before the restriction is lifted.
12.5 Right to information (Art. 19 GDPR)
If you have asserted us your right to rectification, erasure or restriction of data processing, we will inform all recipients of your personal data to correct, delete or restrict the processing of data, unless this proves impossible or involves disproportionate effort.
You also have the right to know which recipients have received your personal data.
12.6 Right to data portability (Art. 20 GDPR)
You have the right to receive your personal data, which you provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. Also, you have the right to transmit those data to another controller, where
the processing is based on consent pursuant of Art. 6 para. 1 s.1 lit. a) GDPR or of Art. 9 para. 2 lit. a) GDPR or is based on a contract pursuant of Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. b) DS-GVO; and
the processing is carried out by automated means.
In exercising your right to data portability, you have the right to obtain that personal data transmitted directly from us to another controller, as far as technically feasible. The right to data portability does not apply to processing of personal data necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority that has been delegated to us.
12.7 Right to object (Art. 21 GDPR)
Where we based the processing of your personal data on a legitimate interest (Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. f) GDPR), you may object to the processing. The same applies if the data processing is based on Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. e).
In this case, we ask you to explain the reasons why we should not process your personal data. Based on this we will terminate or adapt the data processing or show you our legitimate reasons why we continue the data processing.
12.8 Right to lodge a complaint with supervisory authority (Art. 77 GDPR)
Without prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy, you shall have the right to complain to a supervisory authority, in particular in the Member State of your residence, place of work or place of alleged infringement, if you believe that the processing of the personal data concerning you is against the infringes of the GDPR.
The supervisory authority to which the complaint has been submitted shall inform you of the status and results of the complaint, including the possibility of a judicial remedy according to Article 78 GDPR.
13 How you perceive these rights
To exercise these rights, please contact our data security officer:
Kemal Webersohn from Webersohn & Scholtz GmbH
fddb@ws-datenschutz.com
or by mail:
WS Datenschutz GmbH
Dircksenstraße 51
10178 Berlin
Germany
14 Subject to change
We reserve the right to change this privacy policy in compliance with legal requirements.
January 2022
Related articles
General terms and conditions of service (ToS)
Imprint & legal Information
Which features are free?
What are the benefits of Fddb Premium?
How can I connect Fddb to Huawei Watch?
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://help.fddb.info/hc/en-us/articles/360020162080-Data-privacy-statement-regarding-our-Website:
Skip to main content
Fddb - Help & Support
General
Important information
Articles in this section
General terms and conditions of service (ToS)
Data privacy statement regarding our mobile Apps
Data privacy statement regarding our Website
Data privacy statement regarding our social media appearances
Instructions on withdrawal and sample form
Notes on health topics
Imprint & legal Information
General Terms and Conditions of Fddb Internetportale GmbH (in the version valid until April 8th, 2021)
General Terms and Conditions of Fddb Extender (in the version valid until April 8th, 2021)
Any collection, processing and use (hereinafter "use") of data is solely for the purpose of providing our services. The services of Fddb Internetportale GmbH have been designed to use as little personal information as possible. For that matter, "personal data" is understood as all individual details about a person or factual circumstances of an identifiable natural person (so-called "affected person"). The following statements on data protection describe what types of data are collected when accessing our website, what happens with these data and how you may object to data usage.
1 General information on data processing
1.1 Person Responsible (Controller)
Responsible within the meaning of the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and the new Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG) is:
Food Database GmbH
Konsul-Smidt-Straße 23
28217 Bremen
Germany
1.2 Name and address of the Data Security Officer
The data security officer is:
Kemal Webersohn of WS Datenschutz GmbH
If you have questions about data protection, you can contact WS Datenschutz GmbH at the following email address:
fddb@ws-datenschutz.de
WS Datenschutz GmbH
Dircksenstraße 51
10178 Berlin
Germany
https://www.ws-datenschutz.de/
1.3 Protection of your data
We have taken technical and organizational measures to ensure that the requirements of the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) are met by us, as well as, by external service providers working for us.
If we work with other companies to provide our services, such as email and server providers, this will only be done after an extensive selection process. In this selection process, each individual service provider is carefully selected for its suitability in terms of technical and organizational data protection skills. This selection procedure will be documented in writing and an agreement on the order processing of data (order processing contract) will only be concluded if the third party complies with the requirements of Art. 28 GDPR.
Your information will be stored on specially protected servers. Access to it is only possible for a few specially authorized persons.
Our website is SSL/TLS encrypted, as can be seen by the https:// at the start of our URL.
1.4 Erasure of personal data
We process personal data only if necessary. As soon as the purpose of the data processing is fulfilled, erasure of the data is carried out according to the standards of the erasure concept, unless legal or contractual regulations oppose this.
2 Use of data on this website and in logfiles
2.1 Scope of processing personal data
When visiting our website, our web servers temporarily store every access in a log file. The following data is collected and stored until automated erasure:
IP-address of the requesting computer
Date and time of access
Name and URL of the retrieved file
Transmitted amount of data
Message if the retrieval was successful
Detection data of the browser and operating system used
We or our partners may process additional data occasionally. You will find information about this below.
2.2 Legal basis for processing personal data
The legal basis for the temporary storage of the data and log files is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. f) of the GDPR. Our legitimate interest is to make our website accessible for you.
2.3 Purpose of data processing
The processing of this data serves: the purpose of enabling the use of the website (connection establishment), system security, the technical administration of the network infrastructure, as well as to optimize the website. The IP address is evaluated only in case of attacks on our network infrastructure or the network infrastructure of our internet provider. Furthermore, no input of your personal data is required to use our website.
2.4 Duration of storage
As soon as the purpose of the data processing is fulfilled, erasure of the data is carried out. This happens as soon as you close our website. Our hosting service might use data for statistical purposes. Any personal data will be anonymized for this. Our hosting service will delete this data after a period of 7 days.
2.5 Right of objection and erasure
The data processing is necessary in order to present the website and to ensure the website’s operation. Therefore, objecting is impossible.
2.6 Amazon Web Services (AWS)
2.6.1
Description and scope of data processing
We use the web hosting service Amazon Web Services. The data processing is carried out by: Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL, 38 Avenue John F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg.
AWS is a product of: Amazon.com Inc, 410 Terry Avenue North, Seattle WA 98109, USA. The service provides the technical infrastructure to enable us to offer our services, in particular web servers, databases and sending emails, mainly transactional and notification emails.
Further details and information about the specific privacy policy of Amazon Web Services can be found at
https://aws.amazon.com/de/privacy/
and
https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=468496
.
2.6.2
Legal basis for data processing
The legal basis for the data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) GDPR in conjunction with Art. 28 GDPR.
2.6.3 P
urpose of data processing
Our legitimate interest is based on the secure and user-friendly provision of our website.
2.6.4
Duration of storage
The data will be deleted as soon as the intended purpose has been fulfilled and no contractual, official, or legal retention regulations exist.
2.6.5
Right to object and erasure
The collection of data for the provision of the website and the storage of the data in log files is mandatory for the operation of the website. Consequently, there is no possibility of objection on the part of the user.
3 Use of cookies
3.1 Description and scope of data processing
Our website is using cookies. Cookies are stored on your computer when you use our website. Cookies are small text files which are stored on your hard drive assigned to the browser you use. Through this information flows to us or the party who set the cookie. Cookies cannot run programs on or transmit viruses to your computer. Cookies are used to analyze the use of our website in anonymized or pseudonymized form and to enable personalized advertisements on this website.
The following data may be transmitted:
Frequency of website visits
Which functions of the website are used by you
Your cookie-settings
Language settings
Items in a shopping cart
Used search terms
Upon entering this website, a cookie banner informs you about the use of cookies on this website and asks for your consent to the use of cookies. Also, you are pointed to the data privacy statement of this website.
3.2 Legal basis for data processing
The legal basis for the processing of data by cookies, which do not only serve the functionality of our website, is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. a) GDPR.
The legal basis for the processing of data for cookies, which serve only the functionality of this website, is Art. Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. f) GDPR.
3.3 Purpose of data processing
Our legitimate interests are to provide you with a working website connection and to ensure a comfortable use of this website. Also, we need to process your personal data to solve occurring safety and security issues, as well as to ensure system stability.
The data processing takes place to make a statistical evaluation of our website possible.
3.4 Duration of storage
This website uses the following types of cookies. The extend and function of each are being explained below:
Transient cookies (see a)
Persistent cookies (see b)
a) Transient cookies are automatically deleted when you close the browser. This is especially true for session cookies which store your session ID, with which various requests from your browser can be assigned to your session. This will allow your computer to be recognized when you return to our website. Session cookies are deleted when you log out or close the browser.
b) Persistent cookies are automatically deleted after a specified period, which may differ depending on the cookie.
3.5 Right to objection and erasure
You have the possibility to revoke your consent to the data processing by means of cookies, which do not only serve the functionality of the website. In addition, we do not set cookies until you have agreed to set cookies when you visit the site. In this way, you can prevent data processing via cookies on our website. You can also delete the cookies in your browser's security settings at any time. Please note that you may not be able to use all the features of this website. The setting of cookies can also be prevented at any time by appropriate settings in your internet browser.
4 Contact
4.1 Description and scope of data processing
Via our website it is possible to contact us via e-mail or via contact form. This will require different data to answer the request, which will be automatically saved for processing. The following data are required to process your request:
E-Mail-address
Furthermore, you can enter the following data optionally:
First Name
Last name
Phone Number
Your data will not be passed on to third parties, unless you have given your consent.
4.2 Legal basis for data processing
The legal basis is based on Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. b) GDPR
4.3 Purpose of data processing
The processing of personal data from the input form is used solely handling the contact request.
4.4 Duration of storage
Your data will be deleted by us after one year at the latest. There might occur rare cases when legal or contractual retention periods interfere with the erasure of your personal data. In this case your data will be deleted after these periods.
4.5 Right to objection and erasure
The user has the right to withdraw their consent to the processing of personal data at any time. If the user contacts us, they can object to storage of their personal data at any time. In such cases, the conversation cannot be continued. All personal data that has been stored in the course of the contact will be deleted.
4.6
Sendinblue
4.6.1
Description and scope of data processing
We use the service provider Sendinblue to send e-mails. For this purpose, the e-mail addresses are transferred to Sendinblue. The data processing is carried out by:
Sendinblue GmbH
Köpenicker Straße 126
10179 Berlin
Germany
Sendinblue operates a server location in Germany and has a
TÜV Rheinland certificate
for data protection. Sendinblue is a certified provider selected according to the requirements of the General Data Protection Regulation and the Federal Data Protection Act. Sendinblue processes the personal data on our behalf and under our direction on the basis of a contract concluded with the company for the processing of orders in accordance with Art. 28 sec. 3 GDPR.
For more information on Sendinblue's privacy, please click here:
Privacy Policy - Personal Data Protection - Sendinblue
4.6.2
Legal basis for data processing
The data processing for the sending of e-mails is carried out on the basis of a contractual relationship in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. b) GDPR.
4.6.3
Purpose of data processing
We use Sendinblue as our e-mail service provider to ensure effective address management and to stay in touch with you through the newsletter.
4.6.4
Duration of storage
Sendinblue deletes personal data as soon as the purpose of the data processing has been achieved and no legal, contractual or official regulations prevent deletion. This is the case no later than two years after the termination of the contract between us and Sendinblue.
4.6.5
Right to objection and erasure
You have the possibility to object to the processing of your data at any time. For this purpose, please contact our Data Protection Officer. For questions about Sendinblue's privacy, you can contact the service's data protection officer at the following address:
datenschutz@sendinblue.com
5 Registration on the website
5.1 Description and scope of data processing
The data subject can register on our website. This requires the data subject to enter personal data in the registration form. The following data is at least collected for this:
First name
Last name
Email address
The information provided by the data subject in the registration mask will be used exclusively for processing and will not be disclosed to third parties.
After registration, the data subject can optionally enter further personal data, such as date of birth, nutrition diary, weight or sport.
The data subject has the option of linking the account to other external services or applications (e.g. for apps or websites). To do so, he/she must actively create the link and thereby consent to the possible transfer of his/her personal data to the person responsible for the respective service.
5.2 Legal basis for data processing
If the data subject enters mandatory personal data in the registration form, the legal basis of the data processing is based on Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. b) GDPR. However, if the user also enters personal data in the optional input field, the data processing is based on Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. a) GDPR.
5.3 Purpose of data processing
The processing of personal data is used solely for us to finish your registration and organize your website-account.
5.4 Duration of storage
The data will be deleted as soon as you deactivate your account with us. To delete your user account, please contact us by email. We then delete all associated data, provided that there are no legal, official or contractual regulations that prevent deletion.
5.5 Right to objection and erasure
Both during and after registration, the data subject is free to change, correct or delete the personal data by means of a form or e-mail.
6 Newsletter
6.1 Description and scope of data processing
Registered users can subscribe to our newsletter. When signing-up to receive a newsletter, we ask for your email address. This data is necessary to send the newsletter to its recipients.
The newsletter will be sent via email only after the sign-up process is completed. In order to meet the requirements of the GDPR, we use DOI (Double Opt.-In). If you sign up for our newsletter, we will send a confirmation email to the address you provided us with. This email contains a confirmation link that you must click to complete the sign-up process. Following this procedure, the IP address, date and time of login are stored. This is done to prevent abuses. We won’t transfer the data to third parties.
6.2 Legal basis for data processing
This processing is legally based on Art. 6 para. 1 s.1 lit. a) GDPR, thus your consent.
6.3 Purpose of data processing
The newsletter has the functions of informing the affected parties about offers and news at a regular basis.
6.4 Duration of storage
We process personal data only as long as necessary. As soon as the purpose of the data processing is fulfilled, erasure of the data is carried out according to the standards of the erasure concept, unless legal or contractual regulations oppose this.
6.5 Right to objection and erasure
The consent to receiving the newsletter can be revoked by you at any time. For this purpose, you can click the integrated link in each newsletter to unsubscribe. It is also possible to inform us about the revocation of the consent in any other way, e.g. via mail or email.
7 Blog
7.1 Description and scope of data processing
We run a blog. Users can leave comments on the blog. The following data is collected for this:
Username
Time of day
First name
Email address
Avatar of the user
A transfer of the data to third parties does not take place, unless the affected person has given his/her consent.
7.2 Legal basis of data processing
All data that you disclose in the context of the commenting function are given voluntarily, so that the storage of this data is based on the legal basis of Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. a) GDPR.
7.3 Purpose of data processing
The collection of data is intended to ensure the stability and usability of this website and the blog. Also, it is necessary to prevent misuse of the commenting function. In addition, comments enable our users to share their questions and experiences.
7.4 Duration of storage
We process personal data only as long as necessary. As soon as the purpose of the data processing is fulfilled, erasure of the data is carried out according to the standards of the erasure concept, unless legal or contractual regulations oppose this.
7.5 Right to objection and erasure
As far as our data processing is based on our legitimate interest, you have the possibility of objecting to data processing (see Art. 21 GDPR and "Your rights"). In the event of a disagreement, please provide us with the reasons why we should not process your personal data as we have done. We will then examine the situation and either discontinue or adjust the data processing or will tell you based on which reasons we have to continue this processing. As far as the data processing is based on your consent, you can prevent it by not agreeing with them. You also have the option to withdraw your consent at any time (see Art. 7 GDPR and "Your rights"). A withdrawal only applies to any processing that takes place after it has been pronounced. This can be done by telephone, mail, email or any other means.
8 Online shopping
8.1 Description and scope of data processing
When you shop at our website, we will process your first name and surname, address, telephone number and e-mail address to complete the purchase agreement.
8.2 Legal basis for data processing
The legal basis for this data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 s.1 lit. b) GDPR. We are processing your data for the fulfilment of purchase contracts and supply agreements.
8.3 Purpose of data processing
We process your data to close the contract, to handle the payment, for billing, and to inform you.
8.4 Duration of storage
We process personal data only as long as necessary. As soon as the purpose of the data processing is fulfilled, erasure of the data is carried out according to the standards of the erasure concept, unless legal or contractual regulations oppose this.
8.5 Right to objection and erasure
The data processing is necessary in order to be able to process your purchase contract, which is why it cannot be waived. There is therefore no option to object.
8.6 PayPal
8.6.1 Description and scope of data processing
We offer PayPal as a possible payment service. PayPal is a virtual means of payment. In order to use the payment service via PayPal, you must first register with PayPal. Responsible Person is:
PayPal (Europe) S.à.r.l. & Cie. S.C.A., 22-24 Boulevard Royal, 2449 Luxembourg, Luxembourg.
If the user uses PayPal as a means of payment, personal data of the user will be transmitted to PayPal, to which he ultimately agrees. The personal data includes:
First and last name,
Address,
E-Mail address,
IP-address,
Telephone number,
if necessary mobile number
and other data, which are necessary for the final payment transaction.
In addition to the transfer of data to credit bureaus, it is also possible that PayPal may transfer the personal data to affiliated companies, including subcontractors, as far as this is necessary to fulfill the contractual obligations. The same applies to order processing. For the privacy policy of PayPal, please refer to the following link:
https://www.paypal.com/de/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full
8.6.2 Legal basis of data processing
The legal basis for the data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. b) GDPR.
8.6.3 Purpose of data processing
The transmission of the data is necessary to prevent any possible misuse. We inform you that PayPal may transfer your personal information to credit bureaus. This is because PayPal reserves its right to verify the identity and creditworthiness of the user.
8.6.4 Duration of storage
We process personal data only as long as necessary. As soon as the purpose of the data processing is fulfilled, erasure of the data is carried out according to the standards of the erasure concept, unless legal or contractual regulations oppose this.
8.6.5 Right to objection and erasure
Data processing is mandatory in order to process your payment through PayPal, so it cannot be waived if you have chosen this payment method. Therefore, objecting is impossible or would lead to withdrawal from the contract.
8.7 Stripe
8.7.1 Description and scope of data processing
We offer Stripe as a possible payment service. Stripe is a provider for online payment processing. With Stripe, you can use the payment information stored in your Stripe account to process payments quickly and securely. The data processing is carried out by: Stripe Payments Europe Ltd (subsidiary of Stripe Inc, Corporation Trust Center, 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington, New Castle, DE 19801, USA).
If you use Stripe as a means of payment, your personal data will be processed by Stripe. The personal data in question are
Name,
Surname,
Billing address
Delivery address
E-Mail address,
Payment method information (e.g. credit or debit card number or bank details)
Purchase amount
Date of purchase
Object of purchase
Telephone number
Other data required for final payment processing
We trust Stripe's data security. The infrastructure for storing, decrypting and transferring card numbers is completely separate and uses different credentials than Stripe's primary services. Stripe is also certified to the highest industry standards and holds global regulatory licenses. Stripe has stated that it has taken precautions to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risk associated with the processing of personal data and has taken organizational, technical and administrative measures to protect personal data within the company from unauthorized access, destruction, loss, alteration or misuse. Further information can be found in Stripe's privacy policy: https://stripe.com/de/privacy.
8.7.2 Legal basis of data processing
The legal basis for the data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. b) GDPR.
8.7.3 Purpose of data processing
The transmission of the data is necessary to prevent any misuse. The data is processed for the purpose of processing your payment for the order you have placed with us.
8.7.4 Duration of storage
Your data will only be stored for as long as is necessary for processing the purchase and invoicing, unless statutory or contractual storage periods prevent your data from being deleted. If you are a Stripe user, Stripe will retain your personal data for as long as the services are provided to you.
8.7.5 Right to objection and erasure
Data processing is mandatory in order to process your payment via Stripe, which is why it cannot be dispensed with if you have chosen this payment method. There is therefore no possibility of removal. If you have any questions about data protection at Stripe or would like to exercise your rights, please contact our data protection officer or use the following linked contact form to get in touch with Stripe: https://stripe.com/contact or privacy@stripe.com.
8.8 Pathway (Verarbeitung Rechnungsdaten)
8.8.1 Description and scope of data processing
We use the services of the provider Pathway. The data processing is carried out by: pathway solutions GmbH, Alterwiete 3, 22303 Hamburg.
We use the service to export invoice data from Stripe to DATEV. For this purpose, the provider receives access to the data from Stripe in order to prepare an export of the invoice data. You can find more information on data processing by Stripe in our privacy policy under point 8.8.
Further information on data protection at Pathway can be found here: https://www.pathway-solutions.de/pages/datenschutzerklaerung.
https://www.pathway-solutions.de/pages/datenschutzerklaerung.
8.8.2 Legal basis of data processing
Data processing by Pathway is based on our legitimate interest in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) GDPR. Our legitimate interest lies in the export of invoice data from Stripe.
8.8.3 Purpose of data processing
The purpose of data processing is the proper processing of payments and invoicing.
8.8.4 Duration of storage
The data will be deleted as soon as it is no longer required for our processing purposes and no official, legal or contractual regulations prevent deletion.
8.8.5 Right to objection and erasure
You can lodge an objection with us against the processing of your data by Pathway. We will then examine your justified objection and inform you whether and why we will continue the data processing.
9 Social media on our website
9.1 Facebook
9.1.1 Description and scope of data processing
We have integrated Facebook on the website. The Facebook link can be found on the website at the bottom right. Responsible for data processing is: Facebook, Inc., 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA.
If an affected person lives outside the US or Canada and Facebook processes data, the person responsible is:
Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbor, Dublin 2, Ireland.
If the user clicks on the Facebook button, the website of Facebook will be opened. By accessing Facebook through our website, Facebook will receive the respective reference data of our website. Through this Facebook receives the information that the user has visited our website.
For more information:
https://de-de.facebook.com/about/privacy/
9.1.2 Legal basis of data processing
The legal basis for data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. f) GDPR. Our interests are to provide information about our company and to keep in contact with our customers and prospective customers.
9.1.3 Purpose of data processing
We use social media to promote our company. We also want to give you the opportunity to interact with social media through our website.
9.1.4 Duration of storage
Facebook claims to store your data for a period of 90 days. At the end of the 90 days, the data will be anonymized so that they cannot be further associated with you.
9.1.5 Right to objection and erasure
You have the possibility to object to the processing of data at any time. Other settings and disagreements regarding the use of data for advertising purposes are possible within the Facebook profile settings or via the US page or the EU page of Facebook. The settings are platform independent, they are adopted for all devices, such as desktop computers or mobile devices.
10 Statistics
For the continuous improvement of our website we use the following tracking and analytics tools. Below you can find information on which personal data is processed in each case and how you can reach the respective service providers:
Note on data processing in countries without adequate level of protection by Google:
By agreeing to the data processing by all analysis and marketing services, you agree in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. a) GDPR that your data will be processed in the USA. The ECJ considers that the data protection standard in the US is insufficient and that there is a risk that your data will be processed by the local authorities for control and monitoring purposes, possibly without any redress. If you only agree to set essential services, the delivery will not take place.
Consent given can be revoked at any time.
10.1
Matomo
10.1.1
Description and scope of data processing
We use the web analytics service Matomo (formerly PIWIK). The data processing is carried out by:  InnoCraft Ltd, 150 Willis St, 6011 Wellington, New Zealand.
Matomo is located in New Zealand, a third country with an adequate level of protection certified by the EU Commission according to Art. 45 para. 3 GDPR,
https://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/EN/ALL/?uri=CELEX%3A32013D0065
Matomo sets a cookie with the user. Regarding the clarification of “cookies”, see the passage on cookies above. The following data is stored:
Two bytes of the IP address of the calling system
The visited website
The websites from which you came to the called website (referrer)
The subpages that are called from the called website
The length of stay on the website
The frequency of calling the website
The software runs exclusively on the servers of our website. Your personal data is only stored there. This data is not passed on to third parties.
The software is set in a way that the IP addresses are not stored completely, but 2 bytes of the IP address are masked (ex.: 192.168.xxx.xxx). In this way, an assignment of the shortened IP address to the calling computer is no longer possible. For more information on Matomo's privacy policy, please refer to the links below:
https://matomo.org/privacy/
und https://matomo.org/privacy-policy/
10.1.2
Legal basis of data processing
Legal basis for processing data is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. a) GDPR.
10.1.3
Purpose of data processing
The web analytics service Matomo is mainly used by us for website optimization and cost-benefit analysis. Matomo will furthermore be used to provide an analysis of users' traffic to the site. It is in our interests to make our website offer clearly structured and user-friendly for you.
10.1.4
Duration of storage
We process personal data only for as long as necessary. As soon as the purpose of the data processing has been fulfilled, blocking and deletion takes place in accordance with the standards of the deletion concept here, unless legal, official or contractual regulations prevent deletion.
10.1.5
Right to objection and erasure
You have the option to revoke your consent to data processing at any time. Please contact our data protection officer for this purpose. The setting of cookies can also be prevented at any time by making the appropriate settings in your internet browser. The cookies already set can also be deleted for the future in the settings of the Internet browser. We would like to point out that preventing the setting of cookies may mean that not all functions are available without restriction. For questions regarding data protection to Matomo, you can contact Matomo at the following e-mail address:
privacy@matomo.org
11 Marketing
Tools are also included on our website to ensure that our website is displayed to you during an internet search, as a relevant search result or as an advertisement. Below, the programs used in connection with our website have been broken down for you:
11.1 Google AdSense
11.1.1 Description and scope of data processing
We use Google AdSense on the website. This is an online service used for promotional purposes. Google AdSense allows the placement of advertisements on third party websites. Data processing for the European Economic Area and for Switzerland is carried out by:
Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google AdSense places a cookie on the affected person. Regarding the clarification of "cookies", see the passage on cookies above. The information stored by cookie can be recorded, collected and evaluated by Google Inc. or third parties. In addition, Google AdSense also uses so-called "WebBeacons" (small invisible graphics) for the collection of information, through the use of which simple actions such as the visitor traffic on the website can be recorded, collected and evaluated.
The information generated by the cookie and / or WebBeacon about your use of this website is transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. Google uses the information to evaluate your web behaviour with respect to the AdSense ads. Google may also transfer this information to third parties if required by law or as far as third parties process this data on behalf of Google. Your IP address will not be associated with other Google data stored by Google. For more information about Google AdSense, please refer to the following link:
https://www.google.de/intl/de/adsense/start/
11.1.2 Legal basis of data processing
Legal basis is the Art. 6 para 1 s. 1 lit. a) GDPR. Our interest is to gain popularity by using these advertisements.
11.1.3 Purpose of data processing
The purpose of data processing is to reach a wider audience by using targeted advertisements.
11.1.4 Duration of storage
The data will be deleted as soon as they are no longer needed for our recording purposes.
11.1.5 Right to objection and erasure
You have the possibility to revoke your consent at any time. The setting of cookies and the display of web beacons can be prevented at any time by appropriate settings in your internet browser. The cookies that have already been set can also be deleted in the settings of the internet browser. We would like to point out that preventing the setting of cookies may result in not all features being fully available.
12 Service providers from third countries
In order to be able to provide our services, we use the support of service providers from third party countries (non-EU countries). In order to ensure the protection of your personal data in this case, we conclude processing contracts with each - carefully selected - service provider. All of our processors provide sufficient guarantees to implement appropriate technical and organizational measures. Our third country data processors are either located in a country with an adequate level of data protection (Art. 45 GDPR) or provide appropriate safeguards (Art 46 GDPR). Below you may find our categories of processors, the country they are located at and the safeguards or guarantees they provide. We use the support of the following providers:
Binding Corporate Rules: Article 47 of the GDPR provides the possibility of ensuring data protection when transferring data to a third country via Binding Corporate Rules. These are examined and approved by the data security authorities within the framework of the consistency mechanism pursuant to Art. 63 GDPR. Further information can be found here:
PayPal, Payment Service, USA and Europe, binding corporate rules:
https://www.paypal.com/de/webapps/mpp/ua/bcr
13 Your rights
You have the following rights with respect to the personal data concerning you:
13.1 Right to withdraw a given consent (Art. 7 GDPR)
If you have given your consent to the processing of your data, you can withdraw it at any time. This will affect the admissibility of processing your personal data by us for the time after you have withdrawn your consent. To withdraw your consent, contact us personally or in written form.
13.2 Right of access (Art. 15 GDPR)
You have the right to obtain from us confirmation as to whether or not personal data concerning you are being processed, and, where that is the case, access to your personal data and the following information:
the purpose of processing;
the categories of personal data concerned;
the recipients or the categories of recipient to whom your personal data have been or will be disclosed, in particular recipients in countries outside of the EU or international organisations;
where possible, the envisaged period for which your personal data will be stored, or, if not possible, the criteria used to determine that period;
all available information on the source of your personal data;
the existence of automated decision-making, including profiling, referred to Art. 22 para. 1 and 4 GDPR and, in those cases, meaningful information about the logic involved, as well as the significance and the envisaged consequences of such processing for you.
In the case of such a request, you must provide enough information about your identity to prove that the request concerns your own personal data.
13.3 Right to rectification and erasure (Art. 16, 17 GDPR)
You have the right to obtain from us without undue delay the rectification and completion of inaccurate personal data concerning yourself.
You may also request the erasure of your personal data if any of the following applies to you:
the personal data concerning you are no longer necessary for the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed;
you withdraw consent on which the processing is based according to Art. 6 para. 1 s.1 lit. a) or Art. 9 para. 2 lit. a) GDPR, and where there is no other legal ground of processing;
you object to the processing pursuant to Art. 21 para. 1 GDPR and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the processing, or the you object to the processing pursuant to Art. 21 para. 2 GDPR;
the personal data have been unlawfully processed;
the personal data have to be erased for compliance with a legal obligation in Union or Member State law to which we are subject;
the personal data have been collected in relation to the offer of information society services referred to in Art. 8 para. 1.
Where we made the personal data public and are obliged to erase the personal data pursuant to Art. 17 para. 1 GDPR, we, taking account of available technology and the cost of implementation, shall take reasonable steps, including technical measures, to inform controllers which are processing the personal data that you have requested the erasure by such controllers of any links to, or copy or replication of, those personal data.
These rights shall not apply to the extent that processing is necessary:
for exercising the right of freedom of expression and information;
for compliance with a legal obligation which requires processing by Union or Member State law to which we are subject or for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the controller;
for reasons of public interest in the area of public health in accordance of Art. 9 para. 2 lit. h) and i) as well as Art. 9 para. 3 GDPR;
for archiving purposes in the public interest, scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes in accordance with Art. 89 para. 1 GDPR, in so far as the right referred to above is likely to render impossible or seriously impair the achievement of the objectives of that processing, or
for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
13.4 Right to restriction of processing (Art. 18 GDPR)
You shall have the right to obtain from us restriction of processing where one of the following applies:
the accuracy of the personal data is contested by you, for a period enabling us to verify the accuracy of the personal data;
the processing is unlawful and you oppose the erasure of the personal data and request the restriction of their use instead;
we no longer need the personal data for the purposes of the processing, but they are required by you for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims;
you have objected to processing pursuant to Art. 21 para. 1 GDPR pending the verification whether our legitimate grounds override yours.
Where processing has been restricted under the aforementioned conditions, such personal data shall, except for storage, only be processed with your consent or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims or for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person or for reasons of important public interest of the Union or of a Member State.
If the limitation of the processing is restricted, you will be informed by us before the restriction is lifted.
13.5 Right to information (Art. 19 GDPR)
If you have asserted us your right to rectification, erasure or restriction of data processing, we will inform all recipients of your personal data to correct, delete or restrict the processing of data, unless this proves impossible or involves disproportionate effort.
You also have the right to know which recipients have received your personal data.
13.6 Right to data portability (Art. 20 GDPR)
You have the right to receive your personal data, which you provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. Also, you have the right to transmit those data to another controller, where
the processing is based on consent pursuant of Art. 6 para. 1 s.1 lit. a) GDPR or of Art. 9 para. 2 lit. a) GDPR or is based on a contract pursuant of Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. b) GDPR; and
the processing is carried out by automated means.
In exercising your right to data portability, you have the right to obtain that personal data transmitted directly from us to another controller, as far as technically feasible. The right to data portability does not apply to processing of personal data necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority that has been delegated to us.
13.7 Right to object (Art. 21 GDPR)
Where we based the processing of your personal data on a legitimate interest (Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. f) GDPR), you may object to the processing. The same applies if the data processing is based on Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. e).
In this case, we ask you to explain the reasons why we should not process your personal data. Based on this we will terminate or adapt the data processing or show you our legitimate reasons why we continue the data processing.
13.8 Right to lodge a complaint with supervisory authority (Art. 77 GDPR)
Without prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy, you shall have the right to complain to a supervisory authority, in particular in the Member State of your residence, place of work or place of alleged infringement, if you believe that the processing of the personal data concerning you is against the infringes of the GDPR.
The supervisory authority to which the complaint has been submitted shall inform you of the status and results of the complaint, including the possibility of a judicial remedy according to Article 78 GDPR.
14 How you perceive these rights
To exercise these rights, please contact our data security officer:
Kemal Webersohn from Webersohn & Scholtz GmbH
fddb@ws-datenschutz.de
WS Datenschutz GmbH
Dircksenstraße 51
10178 Berlin
Germany
16 Subject to change
We reserve the right to change this privacy policy in compliance with legal requirements.
November 2023
Recently viewed articles
Data privacy statement regarding our mobile Apps
Related articles
General terms and conditions of service (ToS)
Imprint & legal Information
Which features are free?
How do I delete my account?
How can I add entries to the food diary?
Didn't find what you were looking for?
Sub-policy 1
https://help.fddb.info/hc/en-us/articles/360020206399-Data-privacy-statement-regarding-our-social-media-appearances:
Skip to main content
Fddb - Help & Support
General
Important information
Articles in this section
General terms and conditions of service (ToS)
Data privacy statement regarding our mobile Apps
Data privacy statement regarding our Website
Data privacy statement regarding our social media appearances
Instructions on withdrawal and sample form
Notes on health topics
Imprint & legal Information
General Terms and Conditions of Fddb Internetportale GmbH (in the version valid until April 8th, 2021)
General Terms and Conditions of Fddb Extender (in the version valid until April 8th, 2021)
1 Responsible persons with regard to joint control in social media
Food Database GmbH
Konsul-Smidt-Straße 23
28217 Bremen
Germany
is maintaining appearances in the following social media:
Facebook:
https://www.facebook.com/Fooddatabase
Instagram
:
https://www.instagram.com/fddb.official/
LinkedIn:
https://www.linkedin.com/showcase/food-database
Therefore, we use the services of:
Facebook, Inc., 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA and Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland (“
Facebook
”)
Instagram LLC, 1 Hacker Way, Building 14 First Floor, Menlo Park, CA, USA (“
Instagram
”), Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Irland
LinkedIn Ireland, Wilton Plaza, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland and LinkedIn Corporation, 1000 W. Maude Ave., Sunnyvale, California 94085, USA (“
LinkedIn
”)
Pursuant to judgement of the European Court of Justice the operators of social media sites and the operators of social media services act as joint controllers. (
http://curia.europa.eu/juris/document/document.jsf?text=&docid=202543&pageIndex=0&doclang=DE&mode=req&dir=&occ=first&part=1&cid=298398
) We would like to point out that you use our social media appearances and its functions in your own authority. This applies especially to the use of interactive features such as commenting on posts, sharing of posts and rating posts. In case you do not want to use social media to inform yourself about our company you may also find the information published on our website under the following link:
https://fddb.info
and
https://fddb.mobi
2 Data protection officers
Fddb Internetportale GmbH data protection officer is:
Kemal Webersohn of Webersohn & Scholtz GmbH
If you have questions about data protection, you can contact Webersohn & Scholtz via the following email address:
fddb@ws-datenschutz.de
WS Datenschutz GmbH
Dircksenstraße 51
10178 Berlin
Germany
https://www.ws-datenschutz.de/
The data protection officer of the respective social media operator can be reached via the respective social media network:
The data privacy officer of Facebook and Instagram can be reached via the following contact link:
https://www.facebook.com/help/contact/540977946302970
The
data privacy officer of LinkedIn
can be reached via the following contact link:
https://www.linkedin.com/help/linkedin/ask/TSO-DPO
3 Data processing in social media with regard to the operators of social media
When visiting our social media appearances, the social media operators may collect personal data, such as your IP address and further information gathered using cookies. Personal data will be used to provide us with statistical feedback about the use of our social media appearance. The collected personal data will be processed by the social media operator and may be transferred to countries outside the European Union. The information the operator of the respective social network receives and how it is used is described in the privacy statements of each social network. You can also find their contact information there.
Further information can be found here:
Facebook:
https://de-de.facebook.com/help/pages/insights
https://de-de.facebook.com/about/privacy
https://de-de.facebook.com/full_data_use_policy
Instagram
:
https://help.instagram.com/155833707900388
https://www.instagram.com/about/legal/privacy/
LinkedIn:
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
As it is not conclusively and clearly stated by the social media operators, it is unknown to us in what way the social media operators use data, gathered from visits to our social media site, for their own purposes, to what extent activities on the social media site are attributed to individual users, how long the operators store this data and whether data from the social media sites is shared with third parties.
When visiting our social media appearances, the IP address of your device will be disclosed to the operator of the social network. Social media networks additionally store information on their users devices so that they might be able to match IP addresses to individuals.
If you are currently logged in to the respective social network as a user, you will find a cookie with your individual identifier in this social network on your device. This will allow you to understand that you visited a page and how you used it. Based on this data content or advertising can be tailored to suit you.
If you want to avoid this, you should log out of the respective social network or deactivate the function "stay logged in", delete the existing cookies on your device and stop and restart your browser. In this way, login information which you can be immediately identified by, will be deleted. This allows you to use our social media appearances without revealing your identifier. When you access interactive features of our social media appearance (like, comment, share, news, etc.), a login screen will appear. After logging in, you will be again recognizable as a specific user / user for the used social network.
For information on how to manage or delete existing information within the social media network, refer to the support pages listed above for each social network.
4 Fddb Internetportale GmbH data processing with regard to its social media appearances
4.1 Type and scope of data processing
We may process the information you provide to us via our social media appearances, including your user name and content posted through your account, to react to your messages. In addition, your published posts, reviews and comments refer to your account in the respective social network. If you mention us using "@", "#" or other, this mention may be published in our social media appearance with regard to your user name. In this way data you published in a social media network may be included in our social media appearance in this network and thusly be accessible to other users of the respective social network. If you "like", "follow" our social media appearance or interact with it in a similar way, we will be notified by the respective social media network with your username and link to your account.
We additionally do not collect and process data based on your interaction with our social media appearance.
4.2 Legal basis of data processing
The legal basis for data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. f) GDPR. Our legitimate interests are to provide information about our company and to keep in contact with our customers and prospective customers.
4.3 Purpose of data processing
We process personal data provided by you in this context exclusively for the purpose of customer communication and prospective customer communication. Our legitimate interest is to offer a platform where we can provide you with up-to-date information about our company and are able to quickly respond to your requests.
4.4 Duration of storage
Your data will be stored in accordance to the storage periods of the respective social media network and will be deleted whenever possible when cancelling a social media appearance.
5 Your rights
You have the following rights with respect to the personal data concerning you:
5.1 Right to withdraw a given consent (Art. 7 GDPR)
If you have given your consent to the processing of your data, you can withdraw it at any time. This will affect the admissibility of processing your personal data by the controller for the time after you have withdrawn your consent. To withdraw your consent, contact the controller personally or in written form.
5.2 Right of access (Art. 15 GDPR)
You have the right to obtain from the controller confirmation as to whether or not personal data concerning you are being processed by it, and, where that is the case, access to your personal data and the following information:
the purpose of processing;
the categories of personal data concerned;
the recipients or the categories of recipient to whom your personal data have been or will be disclosed, in particular recipients in countries outside of the EU or international organisations;
where possible, the envisaged period for which your personal data will be stored, or, if not possible, the criteria used to determine that period;
all available information on the source of your personal data;
the existence of automated decision-making, including profiling, referred to Art. 22 Para. 1 and 4 GDPR and, in those cases, meaningful information about the logic involved, as well as the significance and the envisaged consequences of such processing for you.
In the case of such a request, you must provide enough information about your identity to prove that the request concerns your own personal data.
5.3 Right to rectification and erasure (Art. 16, 17 GDPR)
You have the right to obtain from the controller without undue delay the rectification and completion of inaccurate personal data concerning yourself.
You may also request the deletion of your personal data if any of the following applies to you:
the personal data concerning you are no longer necessary for the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed;
you withdraw consent on which the processing is based according to Art. 6 Para. 1 s.1 lit. a) or Art. 9 Para. 2 lit. a) GDPR, and where there is no other legal ground of processing;
you object to the processing pursuant to Art. 21 Para. 1 GDPR and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the processing, or the you object to the processing pursuant to Art. 21 Para. 2 GDPR;
the personal data have been unlawfully processed;
the personal data have to be erased for compliance with a legal obligation in Union or Member State law to which we are subject;
the personal data have been collected in relation to the offer of information society services referred to in Art. 8 Para. 1.
Where the personal data has been made public and the controller is obliged to erase the personal data pursuant to Art. 17 Para. 1 GDPR, the controller, taking account of available technology and the cost of implementation, shall take reasonable steps, including technical measures, to inform controllers which are processing the personal data that you have requested the erasure by such controllers of any links to, or copy or replication of, those personal data.
These rights shall not apply to the extent that processing is necessary:
for exercising the right of freedom of expression and information;
for compliance with a legal obligation which requires processing by Union or Member State law to which we are subject or for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the controller;
for reasons of public interest in the area of public health in accordance of Art. 9 Para. 2 lit. h) and i) as well as Para. 9 Para. 3 GDPR;
for archiving purposes in the public interest, scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes in accordance with Art. 89 Para. 1 GDPR, in so far as the right referred to above is likely to render impossible or seriously impair the achievement of the objectives of that processing, or
for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
5.4 Right to restriction of processing (Art. 18 GDPR)
You shall have the right to obtain from the controller restriction of processing where one of the following applies:
the accuracy of the personal data is contested by you, for a period enabling the controller to verify the accuracy of the personal data;
the processing is unlawful and you oppose the erasure of the personal data and request the restriction of their use instead;
the controller no longer needs the personal data for the purposes of the processing, but they are required by you for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims;
you have objected to processing pursuant to Art. 21 Para. 1 GDPR pending the verification whether the legitimate grounds of the controller override yours.
Where processing has been restricted under the aforementioned conditions, such personal data shall, except for storage, only be processed with your consent or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims or for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person or for reasons of important public interest of the Union or of a Member State.
If the limitation of the processing is restricted, you will be informed by the controller before the restriction is lifted.
5.5 Right to information (Art. 19 GDPR)
If you have asserted the controller your right to rectification, deletion or restriction of data processing, the controller will inform all recipients of your personal data to correct, delete or restrict the processing of data, unless this proves impossible or involves disproportionate effort.
You also have the right to know which recipients have received your personal data.
5.6 Right to data portability (Art. 20 GDPR)
You have the right to receive your personal data, which you provided to a controller, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. Also, you have the right to transmit those data to another controller, where
the processing is based on consent pursuant of Art. 6 Para. 1 S.1 lit. a) GDPR or of Art. 9 Para. 2 lit. a) GDPR or is based on a contract pursuant of Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1 lit. b) GDPR; and
the processing is carried out by automated means.
In exercising your right to data portability, you have the right to obtain that personal data transmitted directly from one controller to another controller, as far as technically feasible. The right to data portability does not apply to processing of personal data necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority that has been delegated to the controller.
5.7 Right to object (Art. 21 GDPR)
Where the controller based the processing of your personal data on a legitimate interest (Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1 lit. f) GDPR), you may object to the processing. The same applies if the data processing is based on Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1 lit. e).
In this case, please explain the reasons why the controller should not process your personal data. Based on this the controller will terminate or adapt the data processing or show you our legitimate reasons why the controller continues the data processing.
5.8 Right to lodge a complaint with supervisory authority (Art. 77 GDPR)
Without prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy, you shall have the right to complain to a supervisory authority, in particular in the Member State of your residence, place of work or place of alleged infringement, if you believe that the processing of the personal data concerning you is against the infringes of the GDPR.
The supervisory authority to which the complaint has been submitted shall inform you of the status and results of the complaint, including the possibility of a judicial remedy according to Article 78 GDPR.
5.9 How to exercise these rights
To exercise these rights, please contact the responsible data security officer whose contact details you can find under point 2. If you have any questions about us, you can reach us under the contact details listed under point 1. Further information on social media networks and how you can protect your data can also be found at:
https://youngdata.de
.
6 Subject to Change
We reserve the right to change this privacy policy in compliance with legal requirements.
January 2021
Recently viewed articles
Data privacy statement regarding our Website
Data privacy statement regarding our mobile Apps
Related articles
General terms and conditions of service (ToS)
Imprint & legal Information
Data privacy statement regarding our Website
Instructions on withdrawal and sample form
What is the meaning of Fddb and which features does the app offer?
Didn't find what you were looking for?
Sub-policy 2
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Sub-policy 3
https://de.sendinblue.com/legal/privacypolicy/:
Letzte Aktualisierung: Juli 2024
Einleitung
Der Schutz Ihrer Privatsphäre und Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten hat für Brevo und alle Unternehmen innerhalb der Gruppe („Brevo“ oder „
wir
“ oder „
unser(e)
“ oder „
uns
“) Priorität. Die Begriffe, die in dieser Erklärung nicht definiert werden, haben die Bedeutung, die ihnen in den Geschäftsbedingungen von Brevo zugewiesen wird.
Diese Datenschutzrichtlinie (die „
Erklärung
“) gilt für:
alle Nutzer (die „
Kunden
“) der All-in-One-Marketingplattform (die „
Plattform
“) als SaaS;
Auftraggeber (Kontakte, Dienstleistungsempfänger) der Kunden von Brevo (die „
Endnutzer
“), wenn deren Daten nicht von Brevo im Auftrag seiner Kunden verarbeitet werden;
alle Besucher der Website von Brevo („
Website-Nutzer
“), h. https://
https://www.brevo.com/de/
(die„
Website
“),
(gemeinsam als „
Sie
“ oder „
Ihr(e)
“ bezeichnet).
Diese Erklärung soll Sie auf verständliche und umfassende Weise über die Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten informieren, die in Übereinstimmung mit der Verordnung (EU) 2016/679 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 27. April 2016 (die „
DSGVO
“) sowie mit allen geltenden nationalen Datenschutzvorschriften (gemeinsam als die „
geltenden Vorschriften
“ bezeichnet) erfolgt.
Diese Erklärung kann jederzeit aktualisiert werden, wenn sich beispielsweise rechtliche, technische oder kaufmännische Änderungen ergeben. In solchen Fällen ergreift Brevo geeignete Maßnahmen, um Sie über die Änderungen zu informieren, sofern es sich um wesentliche Änderungen handelt. Wir empfehlen Ihnen, diese Erklärung regelmäßig zu überprüfen, damit sichergestellt ist, dass Sie die aktuelle Version kennen. Kunden von Brevo sind berechtigt, die in dieser Erklärung enthaltenen Informationen zu nutzen, um ihren Endnutzern erforderliche Informationen vorzulegen.
Um mehr über die Begriffe „personenbezogene Daten“, „betroffene Personen“, „Verantwortlicher“,
„Auftragsverarbeiter“, „Verarbeitung“, „Zweck“, „DSGVO“ und weitere Begriffe zu erfahren, lesen Sie bitte den Abschnitt „Begriffsbestimmungen“ am Ende dieser Erklärung.
1. WER IST DER VERANTWORTLICHE FÜR DIE VERARBEITUNG IHRER PERSONENBEZOGENEN DATEN?
Sendinblue GmbH, eine deutsche
Gesellschaft mit beschränkter Haftung
, mit Sitz in Köpenicker Str. 126, 10179 Berlin, Deutschland, eingetragen im Handelsregister Berlin-Charlottenburg, HR-Nummer HRB 133191, agiert als Verantwortlicher für die Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten (d. h. Sendinblue entscheidet über die Zwecke und Mittel der Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten) für die in Abschnitt 3 dieser Erklärung beschriebenen Zwecke. Sendinblue tätigt seine Geschäfte unter dem Namen Brevo.
2. WIE SIEHT DER GELTUNGSBEREICH DER RICHTLINIE AUS?
Wenn Sie ein Endnutzer sind, beachten Sie bitte, dass Brevo ausschließlich für die in Abschnitt 3 dieser Erklärung beschriebenen konkreten Zwecke als Verantwortlicher agiert. Für jede andere Verarbeitung unter Einbeziehung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten (Speicherung von Inhalten, Senden von E-Mails, Anlegen von Statistiken im Auftrag von Kunden usw.) agiert Brevo nicht als Verantwortlicher, was bedeutet, dass Brevo keinen Einfluss auf eine solche Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten nimmt und nicht darüber entscheidet und dass diese Erklärung daher in solchen Fällen keine Anwendung findet (bitte beachten Sie in diesem Zusammenhang, dass Brevo keine elektronischen Mitteilungen im eigenen Namen, sondern lediglich im Auftrag und auf Anweisung seiner Kunden versendet, mit Ausnahme der in Abschnitt 3 beschriebenen Umstände). Brevo agiert bei solchen anderen Verarbeitungsvorgängen als Auftragsverarbeiter und unsere Kunden sind in solchen Fällen die Verantwortlichen und damit die einzigen Stellen, die die ordnungsgemäße Ausübung Ihrer in Abschnitt 10 dieser Erklärung beschriebenen Rechte (Löschung, Zugriff, Beschränkung usw.) sicherstellen können. Um mehr darüber zu erfahren, wie unsere Kunden Ihre personenbezogenen Daten als Verantwortliche verarbeiten und wie Sie Ihre Rechte gegenüber unseren Kunden ausüben können, lesen Sie bitte deren Datenschutzrichtlinien.
Brevo stellt über seine Plattform auch bestimmte Apps/Funktionen optional zur Verfügung (WhatsApp- Nachrichten, Facebook-Werbung, Google Fonts und Google ReCAPTCHA, Cloudflare Turnstile, OpenAI). Diese Apps/Funktionen werden von dritten Anbietern bereitgestellt, über die Brevo keine Kontrolle hat und für die Brevo keine Gewährleistung abgibt. Brevo übernimmt daher keine Haftung für die Verarbeitungsvorgänge, die im Rahmen der Bereitstellung und im Kontext solcher Apps/Funktionen ausgeführt werden und die dritten Anbieter handeln in Übereinstimmung mit den Vorgaben, die ihre eigenen Erklärungn/Bedingungen vorsehen (gemeinsame Kontrolle, alleinige Verantwortliche oder Auftragsverarbeiter). Wenn Sie solche Funktionen nutzen möchten, empfehlen wir Ihnen dringend, die entsprechende Datenschutzrichtlinie des jeweiligen dritten Anbieters zu lesen, um sich über dessen Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten zu informieren.
Falls Sie Fragen haben, zögern Sie bitte nicht, uns über die in Abschnitt 11 dieser Erklärung genannten Kontaktdaten zu kontaktieren. Wir werden uns bemühen, Ihnen zu helfen und alle Ihre Fragen zu beantworten.
3. FÜR WELCHE ZWECKE WERDEN IHRE PERSONENBEZOGENEN DATEN ERHOBEN UND WIE GENAU LÄUFT DIE VERARBEITUNG AB?
Brevo erhebt und verarbeitet personenbezogene Daten in einer Art und Weise, die dem Zweck angemessen und erheblich, sowie auf das für die Zwecke der Verarbeitung notwendige Maß beschränkt sind.
Nachfolgend finden Sie eine Tabelle, in der die relevanten Informationen über die Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten aufgeführt sind, wenn Brevo als Verantwortlicher agiert und insbesondere:
die verschiedenen Zwecke der Verarbeitungsvorgänge;
die Kategorien erhobener personenbezogener Daten;
die Rechtsgrundlage, auf der die Verarbeitung basiert;
die Aufbewahrungsfristen Ihrer personenbezogenen
4. WELCHE PERSONENBEZOGENEN DATEN KÖNNEN SIE IN FREITEXT-/DATENFELDERN ZUR VERFÜGUNG STELLEN?
Brevo erhebt und verarbeitet ausschließlich relevante, angemessene, nicht übermäßige und für die in Abschnitt 3 dieser Erklärung genannten Zwecke unbedingt erforderliche personenbezogene Daten. Damit Brevo diese Zusicherung erfüllen kann, achten Sie bitte sorgfältig darauf,
relevante personenbezogene Daten ausschließlich innerhalb der Freitext-/Datenfelder auf der Website oder Plattform von Brevo anzugeben (d. h. sachliche Angaben, die sich auf die Dienste von Brevo beziehen und in direkter Verbindung zu dem Gegenstand/Zweck des betreffenden Freitextfelds stehen)
. Diese Empfehlung erstreckt sich auch auf die Upload-Funktion, über die Kunden Daten auf die Plattform hochladen können.
5. IST DIE BEREITSTELLUNG IHRER PERSONENBEZOGENEN DATEN ZWINGEND ERFORDERLICH?
Ob die Bereitstellung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten zwingend erforderlich ist oder nicht, wird Ihnen zum Zeitpunkt der Erhebung der betreffenden personenbezogenen Daten mitgeteilt (z. B. indem Felder mit einem Sternchen gekennzeichnet werden). Wenn Sie zwingend erforderliche personenbezogene Daten nicht angeben, ist Brevo unter Umständen nicht in der Lage, auf Ihre Anfrage zu antworten und/oder Ihnen seine Dienste zur Verfügung zu stellen.
6. SETZT UND NUTZT BREVO COOKIES UND ANDERE TRACKING-METHODEN?
Brevo nutzt und setzt Cookies und andere Tracker auf seiner Website.
Weitere Informationen über das Setzen und Nutzen von Cookies durch Brevo finden Sie in der entsprechenden Cookie-Erklärung: https://
www.brevo.com/de/legal/cookies/
7.WELCHE SICHERHEITSMASSNAHMEN WENDET BREVO AN, UM IHRE PERSONENBEZOGENEN DATEN ZU SCHÜTZEN?
Brevo hat dem Stand der Technik entsprechende und geeignete technische und organisatorische Sicherheitsmaßnahmen implementiert, um den Schutz Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten zu gewährleisten, sei es auf seiner Website oder seiner Plattform und insbesondere um zu verhindern, dass Ihre personenbezogenen Daten beeinträchtigt oder beschädigt werden oder dass nicht autorisierte Dritte darauf zugreifen. Zu diesen Maßnahmen zählen:
Firewall mit mehreren Ebenen,
Antiviren-Software von nachgewiesener Reputation zur Erkennung von Eindringversuchen,
verschlüsselte Datenübertragung über SSL/https,
Tier-3- und SOC-II-zertifizierte Rechenzentren.
Der Zugriff auf Ihre personenbezogenen Daten durch externe Empfänger, wie in Abschnitt 8 dieser Erklärung beschrieben, verlangt die Authentifizierung über einen ausreichend robusten und regelmäßig erneuerten individuellen und passwortgeschützten Zugangscode.
8. WEM GEGENÜBER LEGEN WIR IHRE PERSONENBEZOGENEN DATEN OFFEN?
Brevo gibt Ihre personenbezogenen Daten ausschließlich unter bestimmten Umständen und in Übereinstimmung mit den Bestimmungen der geltenden Vorschriften weiter. Brevo legt Ihre personenbezogenen Daten ausschließlich gegenüber identifizierten und autorisierten Empfängern, wie nachfolgend beschrieben, offen. Alle Empfänger, die Ihre personenbezogenen Daten verarbeiten, unterliegen Vertraulichkeitsverpflichtungen.
Brevo legt Ihre personenbezogenen Daten gegenüber den folgenden Empfängern offen:
intern autorisierte Mitarbeiter, die Ihre personenbezogenen Daten zu den in Abschnitt 3 dieser Erklärung genannten Zwecken verarbeiten müssen, h.: Kundenbetreuung, Werbe-/Marketingabteilung, Abteilung für Daten und Zustellbarkeit, Buchhaltung, Personalabteilung (bei Bewerbern).
Externe Empfänger:
Behörden und Stellen, denen gegenüber wir bestimmte Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten offenzulegen verpflichtet sind, um gesetzliche Verpflichtungen zu erfüllen, einen Rechtsstreit beizulegen oder die Rechte und/oder die Sicherheit einer Person zu schützen.
Dienstleister:
Dienstleister, die unser Ticketing- und Support-Tool bearbeiten und verwalten,  Hosting- und Infrastrukturdienstleister für die Website und die Plattform,
Dienstleister, die ausgelagerte Dienstleistungen erbringen (z. B. das Versenden von SMS),
Dienstleister, die Sicherheits- und Betrugserkennungsdienstleistungen erbringen, z. B. um Betrug/Phishing/Spamming zu verhindern,
dritte Dienstleister, die die optionalen externen Funktionen auf der Plattform zur Verfügung stellen (Google Fonts und reCAPTCHA, Cloudflare Turnstile, WhatsApp-Nachrichten, OpenAI usw.),
Dienstleister, die die Kundenerfahrung überwachen, um die Plattform zu verbessern.
Alle Unterauftragsverarbeiter von Brevo sind im Auftragsverarbeitungsvertrag aufgeführt.
Darüber hinaus können Ihre personenbezogenen Daten im Rahmen von Gerichts- oder Verwaltungsverfahren jeglicher Art oder im Rahmen von Strafverfolgungsmaßnahmen, die von zuständigen Behörden angeordnet werden, an Dritte weitergegeben werden.
9. ÜBERMITTELT BREVO IHRE PERSONENBEZOGENEN DATEN NACH AUSSERHALB DES EUROPÄISCHEN WIRTSCHAFTSRAUMS?
Ihre personenbezogenen Daten können in Länder übermittelt werden, die kein angemessenes Niveau des Datenschutzes bieten und von der Europäischen Kommission nicht im Rahmen einer Angemessenheitsentscheidung anerkannt wurden (siehe Liste hier), beispielsweise in die USA und nach Indien.
Wenn personenbezogene Daten in eines dieser Länder übermittelt werden, stellt Brevo durch geeignete Sicherheitsvorkehrungen und -maßnahmen ein angemessenes Schutzniveau sicher.
Sie können jederzeit eine Zusammenfassung oder einen Auszug dieser Zusicherungen anfordern; dazu kontaktieren Sie Brevo bitte wie in Abschnitt 11 dieser Erklärung angegeben.
10.WELCHE RECHTE HABEN SIE IN BEZUG AUF DIE VERARBEITUNG IHRER PERSONENBEZOGENEN DATEN?
In Übereinstimmung mit den geltenden Vorschriften haben Sie die folgenden Rechte in Bezug auf Ihre personenbezogenen Daten:
Wenn Ihre personenbezogenen Daten mit Ihrer Einwilligung verarbeitet werden, sind Sie berechtigt,
Ihre Einwilligung jederzeit zu widerrufen
, ohne dass sich dies auf die vor dem Widerruf erteilte Einwilligung auswirkt (
der Tabelle in Abschnitt 3 dieser Erklärung können Sie entnehmen, welche Verarbeitungsvorgänge auf Ihrer Einwilligung basieren
).
Sie haben das
Recht auf Auskunft
und
Erhalt einer Kopie
der personenbezogenen Daten, die wir über Sie führen (vorausgesetzt die Anfrage ist nicht offenkundig unbegründet oder exzessiv, insbesondere weil sie wiederholt gestellt wird).
Sie haben das Recht, die
Berichtigung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten
zu verlangen, wenn diese falsch, unvollständig oder nicht aktuell sind (vorausgesetzt die Anfrage ist nicht offenkundig unbegründet oder exzessiv, insbesondere weil sie wiederholt gestellt wird).
Sie haben das Recht, die
Löschung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten
zu verlangen. Dabei handelt es sich jedoch nicht um ein uneingeschränktes Recht, da wir unter Umständen verpflichtet sind, Ihre personenbezogenen Daten aus gesetzlichen oder berechtigten Gründen zu speichern. Sie können Ihr Recht auf Löschung in den folgenden Fällen ausüben: wenn Sie einen gültigen Widerspruch gegen die Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten eingelegt oder Ihre Einwilligung widerrufen haben, wenn die personenbezogenen Daten für die Zwecke der ursprünglichen Erhebung oder Verarbeitung nicht länger benötigt werden oder wenn die personenbezogenen Daten auf rechtswidrige Weise verarbeitet werden.
Sie haben das Recht, die
Einschränkung der Verarbeitung
zu verlangen. Durch die Ausübung dieses Rechts wird die Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten durch uns eingeschränkt, so dass wir die Daten zwar speichern, jedoch nicht nutzen oder anderweitig verarbeiten dürfen. Dieses Recht kann unter bestimmten Umständen ausgeübt werden, nämlich (i) wenn sie die Richtigkeit Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten bestreiten; die Verarbeitung wird dann für die Dauer eines Zeitraums eingeschränkt, in dem Brevo die Richtigkeit der Daten überprüfen kann; (ii) in Fällen, in denen die Verarbeitung rechtswidrig ist und Sie der Löschung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten widersprechen und stattdessen die Einschränkung der Nutzung der Daten verlangen; (iii) in Fällen, in denen wir die personenbezogenen Daten nicht länger für die in vorstehendem Abschnitt 3 genannten Zwecke benötigen, sie jedoch für die Geltendmachung, Ausübung oder Verteidigung von Rechtsansprüchen weiterhin benötigt werden und (iv) in Fällen, in denen Sie der Verarbeitung basierend auf den rechtmäßigen Interessen von Brevo widersprochen haben, können Sie verlangen, dass die Verarbeitung für den Zeitraum eingeschränkt wird, der erforderlich ist, um zu ermitteln, ob wir Ihrem Widerspruch gerecht werden können.
Sie haben das
Recht auf Übertragbarkeit
Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten, das heißt, die personenbezogenen Daten, die Sie uns vorgelegt haben, in einem strukturierten, gängigen und maschinenlesbaren Format zu empfangen. Dies gilt nur dann, wenn die Verarbeitung auf Ihrer Einwilligung oder der Ausführung vorvertraglicher Handlungen/der Erfüllung eines Vertrags basiert und automatisch erfolgt
der Tabelle in Abschnitt 3 dieser Erklärung können Sie entnehmen, welche Verarbeitungsvorgänge auf dieser Rechtsgrundlage basieren
).
Wenn Sie französische(r) Staatsbürger(in) sind, haben Sie auch das Recht
allgemeine und konkrete Anweisungen zu erteilen
, die den Umgang mit Ihren personenbezogenen Daten nach Ihrem Tod betreffen.
Bitte beachten Sie, dass Sie berechtigt sind,
der Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten zu widersprechen.
Wenn wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten auf der Grundlage der rechtmäßigen Interessen von Brevo verarbeiten (
der Tabelle in Abschnitt 3 dieser Erklärung können Sie entnehmen, welche Verarbeitungsvorgänge auf den rechtmäßigen Interessen von Brevo basieren
), können Sie der Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten jederzeit aus Gründen, die sich aus Ihrer besonderen Situation ergeben, widersprechen, es sei denn, wir können zwingende schutzwürdige Gründe für die Verarbeitung nachweisen, die Ihre Interessen, Rechte und Freiheiten überwiegen, oder die Verarbeitung dient der Geltendmachung, Ausübung oder Verteidigung von Rechtsansprüchen.
Sie können sich außerdem jederzeit
vom Erhalt von Werbemitteilungen von Brevo abmelden oder dem Erhalt solcher Mitteilungen widersprechen
(d. h. unser Newsletter). Dazu müssen Sie lediglich entweder (i) auf den Link in der Fußzeile solcher Mitteilungen von Brevo klicken oder (iii) eine Nachricht an die in Abschnitt 11 dieser Erklärung genannten Kontaktdaten senden.
Vergewissern Sie sich bitte in den Abschnitten 2 und 3 dieser Erklärung, dass Brevo der Verantwortliche für die Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten und daher in der Lage ist, die Ausübung Ihrer Rechte sicherzustellen.
Letztlich haben Sie auch das Recht, eine Beschwerde bei einer Aufsichtsbehörde (beispielsweise bei: Berliner Beauftragte für Datenschutz und Informationsfreiheit, Alt-Moabit 59-61, 10555 Berlin, mailbox@datenschutz-berlin.de) einzureichen. Wir bitten Sie jedoch, Brevo unter der folgenden Anschrift zu kontaktieren, bevor Sie eine Beschwerde bei der Aufsichtsbehörde einreichen.
Um diese Rechte auszuüben (wenn Brevo als Verantwortlicher agiert), können Sie eine entsprechende Anfrage richten an:
Schriftlich an die folgende Postanschrift: Sendinblue GmbH, Köpenicker 126, 10179 Berlin, Deutschland.
Per E-Mail an die folgende E-Mail-Adresse:
privacy@Brevo.com
Wenn Sie ein Kunde sind, können Sie Ihre Daten auch jederzeit selbst ändern, indem Sie sich auf der Plattform anmelden und auf „Mein Profil bearbeiten“ klicken.
11. WIE KÖNNEN SIE BREVOS DATENSCHUTZBEAUFTRAGTE KONTAKTIEREN?
Wenn Sie Fragen, Beschwerden oder Kommentare zu dieser Richtlinie oder zu unserer Vorgehensweise bei der Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten haben, finden Sie hier die Kontaktdaten:
Schriftliche Anfragen bitte an die folgende Postanschrift: Sendinblue GmbH, Datenschutzbeauftragte, Köpenicker Str. 126, 10179 Berlin, Deutschland.
Per E-Mail bitte an folgende Adresse:
dpo@brevo.com
BEGRIFFSBESTIMMUNGEN
„
Verantwortlicher
“: bezeichnet die natürliche oder juristische Person, Behörde, Einrichtung oder andere Stelle, die allein oder gemeinsam mit anderen über die Zwecke und Mittel der Verarbeitung von personenbezogenen Daten entscheidet.
„
Betroffene Person
“: bezeichnet eine identifizierte oder identifizierbare natürliche
„
DSGVO
“: bezeichnet die Verordnung (EU) 2016/679 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 27. April 2016 zum Schutz natürlicher Personen bei der Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten und zum freien Datenverkehr.
„
Auftragsverarbeiter
“: bezeichnet eine natürliche oder juristische Person, Behörde, Einrichtung oder andere Stelle, die personenbezogene Daten im Auftrag des Verantwortlichen
„
Personenbezogene Daten
“: bezeichnet alle Informationen, die sich auf eine identifizierte oder identifizierbare natürliche Person („betroffene Person“); als identifizierbar wird eine natürliche Person angesehen, die direkt oder indirekt, insbesondere mittels Zuordnung zu einer Kennung wie einem Namen, zu einer Kennnummer, zu Standortdaten, zu einer Online- Kennung oder zu einem oder mehreren besonderen Merkmalen, die Ausdruck der physischen, physiologischen, genetischen, psychischen, wirtschaftlichen, kulturellen oder sozialen Identität dieser natürlichen Person sind, identifiziert werden kann.
„
Datenverarbeitung
“: bezeichnet jeden mit oder ohne Hilfe automatisierter Verfahren ausgeführten Vorgang oder jede solche Vorgangsreihe im Zusammenhang mit personenbezogenen Daten wie das Erheben, das Erfassen, die Organisation, das Ordnen, die Speicherung, die Anpassung oder Veränderung, das Auslesen, das Abfragen, die Verwendung, die Offenlegung durch Übermittlung, Verbreitung oder eine andere Form der Bereitstellung, den Abgleich oder die Verknüpfung, die Einschränkung, das Löschen oder die
„
Zweck
“: bezeichnet die Gründe für die Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten durch Brevo. Die Zwecke werden durch die Kunden festgelegt, wenn Brevo als Auftragsverarbeiter agiert und durch Brevo festgelegt, wenn Brevo als Verantwortlicher agiert.
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies in your browser to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and provide our ad partners with information for ad personalization and measurement.
Cookies Settings
Reject All
Accept All Cookies
Your Privacy
Targeting Cookies
Performance Cookies
Functional Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Your Privacy
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites.    They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site.    All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages.    If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms.    You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Back Button
Cookie List
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Sub-policy 4
https://de-de.facebook.com/about/privacy:
Facebook
E-Mail-Adresse oder Handynummer
Passwort
Passwort vergessen?
Neues Konto erstellen
Offenbar hast du diese Funktion zu schnell genutzt. Du wurdest vorübergehend von der Nutzung dieser Funktion blockiert.
Back
Deutsch
English (US)
Gaeilge
Polski
Lietuvių
Português (Brasil)
Русский
Română
Español
Français (France)
Italiano
Meta © 2025
Die Verwendung von Cookies durch Facebook in diesem Browser erlauben?
Wir verwenden Cookies und ähnliche Technologien, um Inhalte in
Meta-Produkten
bereitzustellen und zu verbessern. Darüber hinaus verwenden wir sie, um mithilfe der durch Cookies auf und außerhalb von Facebook empfangenen Informationen die Sicherheit zu verbessern sowie um Meta-Produkte für Personen, die ein Konto haben, bereitzustellen und zu verbessern.
Erforderliche Cookies: Diese Cookies sind notwendig für die Nutzung von Meta-Produkten und die ordnungsgemäße Funktion unserer Websites.
Cookies anderer Unternehmen: Wir verwenden diese Cookies, um dir Werbeanzeigen außerhalb von Meta-Produkten zu zeigen und Funktionen wie Karten oder Videos in Meta-Produkten anbieten zu können. Hierbei handelt es sich um optionale Cookies.
Du bestimmst, welche optionalen Cookies wir verwenden dürfen. In unserer
Cookie-Richtlinie
erfährst du mehr über Cookies und wie wir sie verwenden. Dort kannst du deine Auswahl außerdem jederzeit überprüfen oder ändern.
Infos zu Cookies
Was sind Cookies?
Mehr dazu
Warum verwenden wir Cookies?
Mehr dazu
Was sind Meta-Produkte?
Mehr dazu
Deine Cookie-Auswahl
Mehr dazu
Cookies anderer Unternehmen
Wir verwenden Cookies
anderer Unternehmen
, um dir Werbeanzeigen außerhalb von unseren Produkten zu zeigen und Funktionen wie Karten, Zahlungsdienste oder Videos anbieten zu können.
Cookies nach Kategorie auswählen
So verwenden wir diese Cookies
Wenn du diese Cookies erlaubst:
Wenn du diese Cookies nicht erlaubst:
Andere Möglichkeiten, um deine Informationen zu kontrollieren
Personalisiere dein Werbeerlebnis in der Kontenübersicht
Weitere Informationen zu Onlinewerbung
Cookies über die Browser-Einstellungen kontrollieren
Alle Cookies erlauben
Optionale Cookies ablehnen
Alle Cookies erlauben
Optionale Cookies ablehnen
Sub-policy 5
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy:
Skip to main content
LinkedIn respects your privacy
LinkedIn and 3rd parties use essential and non-essential cookies to provide, secure, analyze and improve our Services, and to show you relevant ads (including
professional and job ads
) on and off LinkedIn. Learn more in our
Cookie Policy
.
Select Accept to consent or Reject to decline non-essential cookies for this use. You can update your choices at any time in your
settings
.
Accept
Reject
Privacy Policy
Effective September 18, 2024
LinkedIn's global Privacy Policy below applies worldwide. If you're located in the EU, EEA, UK, or Switzerland, you can review additional information that will apply to you in our
European Regional Privacy Notice
.
Your Privacy Matters
LinkedIn’s mission is to connect the world’s professionals to allow them to be more productive and successful. Central to this mission is our commitment to be transparent about the data we collect about you, how it is used and with whom it is shared.
This Privacy Policy applies when you use our Services (described below). We offer our users
choices
about the data we collect, use and share as described in this Privacy Policy,
Cookie Policy
, Settings and our
Help Center.
Choices
﻿
Settings
are available to Members of LinkedIn and Visitors are provided separate controls.
Learn More
.
Table of Contents
Data We Collect
How We Use Your Data
How We Share Information
Your Choices and Obligations
Other Important Information
Introduction
We are a social network and online platform for professionals. People use our Services to find and be found for business opportunities, to connect with others and find information. Our Privacy Policy applies to any Member or Visitor to our Services.
Our registered users (“Members”) share their professional identities, engage with their network, exchange knowledge and professional insights, post and view relevant content, learn and develop skills, and find business and career opportunities. Content and data on some of our Services is viewable to non-Members (“Visitors”).
We use the term “Designated Countries” to refer to countries in the European Union (EU), European Economic Area (EEA), and Switzerland. Members and Visitors located in the Designated Countries or the UK can review additional information in our
European Regional Privacy Notice
.
Services
This Privacy Policy, including our Cookie Policy applies to your use of our Services.
This Privacy Policy applies to LinkedIn.com, LinkedIn-branded apps, and other LinkedIn-branded sites, apps, communications and services offered by LinkedIn (“Services”), including off-site Services, such as our ad services and the “Apply with LinkedIn” and “Share with LinkedIn” plugins, but excluding services that state that they are offered under a different privacy policy. For California residents, additional disclosures required by California law may be found in our
California Privacy Disclosure
.
Data Controllers and Contracting Parties
If you are in the “Designated Countries”, LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company (“LinkedIn Ireland”) will be the controller of your personal data provided to, or collected by or for, or processed in connection with our Services.
If you are outside of the Designated Countries, LinkedIn Corporation will be the controller of (or business responsible for) your personal data provided to, or collected by or for, or processed in connection with our Services.
As a Visitor or Member of our Services, the collection, use and sharing of your personal data is subject to this Privacy Policy and other documents referenced in this Privacy Policy, as well as updates.
Change
Changes to the Privacy Policy apply to your use of our Services after the “effective date.”
LinkedIn (“we” or “us”) can modify this Privacy Policy, and if we make material changes to it, we will provide notice through our Services, or by other means, to provide you the opportunity to review the changes before they become effective. If you object to any changes, you may
close your account.
You acknowledge that your continued use of our Services after we publish or send a notice about our changes to this Privacy Policy means that the collection, use and sharing of your personal data is subject to the updated Privacy Policy, as of its effective date.
1. Data We Collect
1.1 Data You Provide To Us
You provide data to create an account with us.
Registration
To create an account you need to provide data including your name, email address and/or mobile number, general location (e.g., city), and a password. If you register for a premium Service, you will need to provide payment (e.g., credit card) and billing information.
You create your LinkedIn profile (a complete profile helps you get the most from our Services).
Profile
You have
choices
about the information on your profile, such as your education, work experience, skills, photo,
city or area
, endorsements, and optional
verifications
of information on your profile (such as verifications of your identity or workplace). You don’t have to provide additional information on your profile; however, profile information helps you to get more from our Services, including helping recruiters and business opportunities find you. It’s your choice whether to include
sensitive information
on your profile and to make that sensitive information public. Please do not post or add personal data to your profile that you would not want to be publicly available.
You may give other data to us, such as by syncing your calendar.
Posting and Uploading
We collect personal data from you when you provide, post or upload it to our Services, such as when you fill out a form, (e.g., with demographic data or salary), respond to a survey, or submit a resume or fill out a job application on our Services.
If you sync your calendars with our Services, we will collect your calendar meeting information to keep growing your network by suggesting connections for you and others, and by providing information about events, e.g. times, places, attendees and contacts.
You don’t have to post or upload personal data; though if you don’t, it may limit your ability to grow and engage with your network over our Services.
1.2 Data From Others
Others may post or write about you.
Content and News
You and others may post content that includes information about you (as part of articles, posts, comments, videos) on our Services. We also may collect public information about you, such as professional-related news and accomplishments, and make it available as part of our Services, including, as permitted by your settings, in notifications to others of
mentions in the news
.
Others may sync their calendar with our Services
Contact and Calendar Information
We receive personal data (including contact information) about you when others import or sync their calendar with our Services, associate their contacts with Member profiles, scan and upload business cards, or send messages using our Services (including invites or connection requests). If you or others opt-in to sync email accounts with our Services, we will also collect “email header” information that we can associate with Member profiles.
Customers and partners may provide data to us.
Partners
We receive personal data (e.g., your job title and work email address) about you when you use the services of our customers and partners, such as employers or prospective employers and applicant tracking systems providing us job application data.
Related Companies and Other Services
We receive data about you when you use some of the other services provided by us or our
Affiliates
, including Microsoft. For example, you may choose to send us information about your contacts in Microsoft apps and services, such as Outlook, for improved professional networking activities on our Services
1.3 Service Use
We log your visits and use of our Services, including mobile apps.
We log usage data when you visit or otherwise use our Services, including our sites, app and platform technology, such as when you view or click on content (e.g., learning video) or ads (on or off our sites and apps), perform a search, install or update one of our mobile apps, share articles or apply for jobs. We use log-ins, cookies,
device information
and internet protocol (“IP”) addresses to identify you and log your use.
1.4 Cookies and Similar Technologies
We collect data through cookies and similar technologies.
As further described in our
Cookie Policy
, we use cookies and similar technologies (e.g., pixels and ad tags) to collect data (e.g., device IDs) to recognize you and your device(s) on, off and across different services and devices where you have engaged with our Services. We also allow some others to use cookies as described in our Cookie Policy. If you are outside the Designated Countries, we also collect (or rely on others who collect) information about your device where you have not engaged with our Services (e.g., ad ID, IP address, operating system and browser information) so we can provide our Members with relevant ads and better understand their effectiveness.
Learn more
. You can
opt out
from our use of data from cookies and similar technologies that track your behavior on the sites of others for ad targeting and other ad-related purposes. For Visitors,
the controls are
here
.
1.5 Your Device and Location
We receive data through cookies and similar technologies
When you visit or leave our Services (including some plugins and our cookies or similar technology on the sites of others), we receive the URL of both the site you came from and the one you go to and the time of your visit. We also get information about your network and device (e.g., IP address, proxy server, operating system, web browser and add-ons, device identifier and features, cookie IDs and/or ISP, or your mobile carrier). If you use our Services from a mobile device, that device will send us data about your location based on your phone settings. We will ask you to opt-in before we use GPS or other tools to identify your precise location.
1.6 Communications
If you communicate through our Services, we learn about that.
We collect information about you when you communicate with others through our Services (e.g., when you send, receive, or engage with messages, events, or connection requests, including our marketing communications). This may include information that indicates who you are communicating with and when. We also use
automated systems
to support and protect our site. For example, we use such systems to suggest possible responses to messages and to manage or block content that violates our User Agreement or
Professional Community Policies
.
1.7 Workplace and School Provided Information
When your organization (e.g., employer or school) buys a premium Service for you to use, they give us data about you.
Others buying our Services for your use, such as your employer or your school, provide us with personal data about you and your eligibility to use the Services that they purchase for use by their workers, students or alumni. For example, we will get contact information for “
LinkedIn Page
” (formerly Company Page) administrators and for authorizing users of our premium Services, such as our recruiting, sales or learning products.
1.8 Sites and Services of Others
We get data when you visit sites that include our ads, cookies or plugins or when you log-in to others’ services with your LinkedIn account.
We receive information about your visits and interaction with services provided by others when you log-in with LinkedIn or visit others’ services that include some of our plugins (such as “Apply with LinkedIn”) or our ads, cookies or similar technologies.
1.9 Other
We are improving our Services, which means we get new data and create new ways to use data.
Our Services are dynamic, and we often introduce new features, which may require the collection of new information. If we collect materially different personal data or materially change how we collect, use or share your data, we will notify you and may also modify this Privacy Policy.
Affiliates
Affiliates are companies controlling, controlled by or under common control with us, including, for example, LinkedIn Ireland, LinkedIn Corporation, LinkedIn Singapore and Microsoft Corporation.
2. How We Use Your Data
We use your data to provide, support, personalize and develop our Services.
How we use your personal data will depend on which Services you use, how you use those Services and the choices you make in your
settings
. We may use your personal data to improve, develop, and provide products and Services, develop and train artificial intelligence (AI) models, develop, provide, and personalize our Services, and gain insights with the help of AI, automated systems, and inferences, so that our Services can be more relevant and useful to you and others. You can review LinkedIn's Responsible AI principles
here
and learn more about our approach to generative AI
here
.
Learn more
about the inferences we may make, including as to
your age and gender
and how we use them.
2.1 Services
Our Services help you connect with others, find and be found for work and business opportunities, stay informed, get training and be more productive.
We use your data to authorize access to our Services and honor your settings.
Stay Connected
Our Services allow you to stay in touch and up to date with colleagues, partners, clients, and other professional contacts. To do so, you can “connect” with the professionals who you choose, and who also wish to “connect” with you. Subject to your and their
settings
, when you connect with other Members, you will be able to search each others’ connections in order to exchange professional opportunities.
We use data about you (such as your profile, profiles you have viewed or data provided through address book uploads or partner integrations) to help others find your profile, suggest connections for you and others (e.g. Members who share your contacts or job experiences) and enable you to invite others to become a Member and connect with you. You can also opt-in to allow us to use your precise location or proximity to others for certain tasks (e.g. to suggest other nearby Members for you to connect with, calculate the commute to a new job, or notify your connections that you are at a professional event).
It is your choice whether to invite someone to our Services, send a connection request, or allow another Member to become your connection. When you invite someone to connect with you, your invitation will include your network and basic profile information (e.g., name, profile photo, job title, region). We will send invitation reminders to the person you invited. You can
choose
whether or not to share your own list of connections with your connections.
Visitors have
choices
about how we use their data.
Stay Informed
Our Services allow you to stay informed about news, events and ideas regarding professional topics you care about, and from professionals you respect. Our Services also allow you to improve your professional skills, or learn new ones. We use the data we have about you (e.g., data you provide, data we collect from your engagement with our Services and inferences we make from the data we have about you), to personalize our Services for you, such as by recommending or ranking relevant content and conversations on our Services. We also use the data we have about you to suggest skills you could add to your profile and skills that you might need to pursue your next opportunity. So, if you let us know that you are interested in a new skill (e.g., by watching a learning video), we will use this information to personalize content in your feed, suggest that you follow certain Members on our site, or suggest related learning content to help you towards that new skill. We use your content, activity and other data, including your name and photo, to provide notices to your network and others. For example, subject to your
settings
, we may notify others that you have updated your profile, posted content, took a
social action
, used a feature, made new connections or were
mentioned in the news
.
Career
Our Services allow you to explore careers, evaluate educational opportunities, and seek out, and be found for, career opportunities. Your profile can be found by those looking to hire (for a job or a
specific task
) or be hired by you. We will use your data to recommend jobs and show you and others relevant professional contacts (e.g., who work at a company, in an industry, function or location or have certain skills and connections). You can signal that you are
interested
in changing jobs and share information with recruiters. We will use your data to recommend jobs to you and you to recruiters. We may use automated systems to provide content and recommendations to help make our Services more relevant to our Members, Visitors and customers. Keeping your profile accurate and up-to-date may help you better connect to others and to opportunities through our Services.
Productivity
Our Services allow you to collaborate with colleagues, search for potential clients, customers, partners and others to do business with. Our Services allow you to communicate with other Members and schedule and prepare meetings with them. If your
settings
allow, we scan messages to provide “bots” or similar tools that facilitate tasks such as scheduling meetings, drafting responses, summarizing messages or recommending next steps.
Learn more
.
2.2 Premium Services
Our premium Services help paying users to search for and contact Members through our Services, such as searching for and contacting job candidates, sales leads and co-workers, manage talent and promote content.
We sell premium Services that provide our customers and subscribers with customized-search functionality and tools (including messaging and activity alerts) as part of our talent, marketing and sales solutions. Customers can export limited information from your profile, such as name, headline, current company, current title, and general location (e.g., Dublin), such as to manage sales leads or talent, unless you
opt-out
. We do not provide contact information to customers as part of these premium Services without your consent. Premium Services customers can store information they have about you in our premium Services, such as a resume or contact information or sales history. The data stored about you by these customers is subject to the policies of those customers. Other enterprise Services and features that use your data include
TeamLink
and
LinkedIn Pages
(e.g., content analytics and followers).
2.3 Communications
We contact you and enable communications between Members. We offer settings to control what messages you receive and how often you receive some types of messages.
We will contact you through email, mobile phone, notices posted on our websites or apps, messages to your LinkedIn inbox, and other ways through our Services, including text messages and push notifications. We will send you messages about the availability of our Services, security, or other service-related issues. We also send messages about how to use our Services, network updates, reminders, job suggestions and promotional messages from us and our partners. You may change your communication
preferences
at any time. Please be aware that you cannot opt out of receiving service messages from us, including security and legal notices.
We also enable
communications
between you and others through our Services, including for example
invitations
,
InMail
,
groups
and
messages
between connections.
2.4 Advertising
We serve you tailored ads both on and off our Services. We offer you choices regarding personalized ads, but you cannot opt-out of seeing non-personalized ads.
We target (and measure the performance of) ads to Members, Visitors and others both on and off our Services directly or through a variety of partners, using the following data, whether separately or combined:
Data collected by advertising technologies on and off our Services using pixels, ad tags (e.g., when an advertiser installs a LinkedIn
tag
on their website), cookies, and other device identifiers;
Member-provided information (e.g., profile, contact information, title and industry);
Data from your use of our Services (e.g., search history, feed, content you read, who you follow or is following you, connections,
groups
participation, page visits, videos you watch, clicking on an ad, etc.), including as described in Section 1.3;
Information from advertising
partners
, vendors and
publishers
; and
Information inferred from data described above (e.g., using job titles from a profile to infer industry, seniority, and compensation bracket; using graduation dates to infer age or using first names or pronoun usage to infer gender; using your feed activity to infer your interests; or using device data to recognize you as a Member).
Learn more
about the inferences we make and how they may be used for advertising.
Learn more
about the ad technologies we use and our advertising services and partners. You can learn more about our compliance with laws in the Designated Countries or the UK in our
European Regional Privacy Notice
.
We will show you ads called
sponsored content
which look similar to non-sponsored content, except that they are labeled as advertising (e.g., as “ad” or “sponsored”). If you take a social action (such as like, comment or share) on these ads, your action is associated with your name and viewable by others, including the advertiser. Subject to your
settings
, if you take a social action on the LinkedIn Services, that action may be mentioned with related ads. For example, when you like a company we may include your name and photo when their sponsored content is shown.
Ad Choices
You have choices regarding our uses of certain categories of data to show you more relevant ads. Member settings
can be found here
. For Visitors,
the setting is here
.
Info to Ad Providers
We do not share your personal data with any third-party advertisers or ad networks except for: (i) hashed IDs or device identifiers (to the extent they are personal data in some countries); (ii) with your separate permission (e.g., in a lead generation form) or (iii) data already visible to any users of the Services (e.g., profile). However, if you view or click on an ad on or off our Services, the ad provider will get a signal that someone visited the page that displayed the ad, and they may, through the use of mechanisms such as cookies, determine it is you. Advertising partners can associate personal data collected by the advertiser directly from you with hashed IDs or device identifiers received from us. We seek to contractually require such advertising partners to obtain your explicit, opt-in consent before doing so where legally required, and in such instances, we take steps to ensure that consent has been provided before processing data from them.
2.5 Marketing
We promote our Services to you and others.
In addition to advertising our Services, we use Members’ data and content for invitations and communications promoting membership and network growth, engagement and our Services, such as by showing your connections that you have used a feature on our Services.
2.6 Developing Services and Research
We develop our Services and conduct research
Service Development
We use data, including public feedback, to conduct
research
and development for our Services in order to provide you and others with a better, more intuitive and personalized experience, drive membership growth and engagement on our Services, and help connect professionals to each other and to economic opportunity.
Other Research
We seek to create economic opportunity for Members of the global workforce and to help them be more productive and successful. We use the personal data available to us to research social, economic and workplace trends, such as jobs availability and skills needed for these
jobs
and policies that help bridge the gap in various industries and geographic areas. In some cases, we work with trusted third parties to perform this research, under
controls
that are designed to protect your privacy. We may also make public data available to
researchers
to enable assessment of the safety and legal compliance of our Services. We publish or allow others to publish economic insights, presented as aggregated data rather than personal data.
Surveys
Polls and surveys are conducted by us and others through our Services. You are not obligated to respond to polls or surveys, and you have choices about the information you provide. You may
opt-out
of survey invitations.
2.7 Customer Support
We use data to help you and fix problems.
We use data (which can include your communications) to investigate, respond to and resolve complaints and for Service issues (e.g., bugs).
2.8 Insights That Do Not Identify You
We use data to generate insights that do not identify you.
We use your
data
to perform analytics to produce and share insights that do not identify you. For example, we may use your data to generate statistics about our Members, their profession or industry, to calculate ad impressions served or clicked on (e.g., for basic business reporting to support billing and budget management or, subject to your
settings
, for reports to advertisers who may use them to inform their advertising campaigns), to show Members' information about engagement with a
post
or LinkedIn
Page
, to publish visitor demographics for a Service or create demographic workforce insights, or to understand usage of our services.
2.9 Security and Investigations
We use data for security, fraud prevention and investigations.
We and our Affiliates, including Microsoft, may use your data (including your communications) for security purposes or to prevent or investigate possible fraud or other violations of the law, our
User Agreement
and/or attempts to harm our Members, Visitors, company, Affiliates, or others.
Social Action
E.g. like, comment, follow, share
Partners
Partners include ad networks, exchanges and others
3. How We Share Information
3.1 Our Services
Any data that you include on your profile and any content you post or social action (e.g., likes, follows, comments, shares) you take on our Services will be seen by others, consistent with your settings.
Profile
Your profile is fully visible to all Members and customers of our Services. Subject to your
settings
, it can also be visible to others on or off of our Services (e.g., Visitors to our Services or users of third-party search tools). As detailed in our
Help Center
, your settings, degree of connection with the viewing Member, the subscriptions they may have, their
usage of our Services
, access channels and search types (e.g., by name or by keyword) impact the availability of your profile and whether they can view certain fields in your profile.
Posts, Likes, Follows, Comments, Messages
Our Services allow viewing and sharing information including through posts, likes, follows and comments.
When you share an article or a post (e.g., an update, image, video or article) publicly it can be viewed by everyone and re-shared anywhere (subject to your
settings
). Members, Visitors and others will be able to find and see your publicly-shared content, including your name (and photo if you have provided one).
In a
group
, posts are visible to others according to group type. For example, posts in private groups are visible to others in the group and posts in public groups are visible publicly. Your membership in groups is public and part of your profile, but you can change visibility in your
settings
.
Any information you share through companies’ or other organizations’ pages on our Services will be viewable by those organizations and others who view those pages' content.
When you follow a person or organization, you are visible to others and that “page owner” as a follower.
We let senders know when you act on their message, subject to your
settings
where applicable.
Subject to your
settings
, we let a Member know when you view their profile. We also give you
choices
about letting organizations know when you've viewed their Page.
When you like or re-share or comment on another’s content (including ads), others will be able to view these “social actions” and associate it with you (e.g., your name, profile and photo if you provided it).
Your employer can see how you use Services they provided for your work (e.g. as a recruiter or sales agent) and related information. We will not show them your job searches or personal messages.
Enterprise Accounts
Your employer may offer you access to our enterprise Services such as Recruiter, Sales Navigator, LinkedIn Learning or our advertising Campaign Manager. Your employer can review and manage your use of such enterprise Services.
Depending on the enterprise Service, before you use such Service, we will ask for permission to share with your employer relevant data from your profile or use of our non-enterprise Services. For example, users of Sales Navigator will be asked to share their “social selling index”, a score calculated in part based on their personal account activity. We understand that certain activities such as job hunting and personal messages are sensitive, and so we do not share those with your employer unless you choose to share it with them through our Services (for example, by applying for a new position in the same company or mentioning your job hunting in a message to a co-worker through our Services).
Subject to your
settings
, when you use workplace tools and services (e.g., interactive employee directory tools) certain of your data may also be made available to your employer or be connected with information we receive from your employer to enable these tools and services.
3.2 Communication Archival
Regulated Members may need to store communications outside of our Service.
Some Members (or their employers) need, for legal or professional compliance, to archive their communications and social media activity, and will use services of others to provide these archival services. We enable archiving of messages by and to those Members outside of our Services. For example, a financial advisor needs to archive communications with her clients through our Services in order to maintain her professional financial advisor license.
3.3 Others’ Services
You may link your account with others’ services so that they can look up your contacts’ profiles, post your shares on such platforms, or enable you to start conversations with your connections on such platforms. Excerpts from your profile will also appear on the services of others.
Subject to your
settings
, other services may look up your profile. When you opt to link your account with other services, personal data (e.g., your name, title, and company) will become available to them. The sharing and use of that personal data will be described in, or linked to, a consent screen when you opt to link the accounts. For example, you may link your Twitter or WeChat account to share content from our Services into these other services, or your email provider may give you the option to upload your LinkedIn contacts into its own service. Third-party services have their own privacy policies, and you may be giving them permission to use your data in ways we would not. You may
revoke
the link with such accounts.
The information you make available to others in our Services (e.g., information from your profile, your posts, your engagement with the posts, or message to Pages)
may be available to them on other services
. For example, search tools, mail and calendar applications, or talent and lead managers may show a user limited profile data (subject to your
settings
), and social media management tools or other platforms may display your posts. The information retained on these services may not reflect updates you make on LinkedIn.
3.4 Related Services
We share your data across our different Services and LinkedIn affiliated entities.
We will share your personal data with our Affiliates to provide and develop our Services. For example, we may refer a query to Bing in some instances, such as where you'd benefit from a more up to date response in a chat experience. In regions outside the Designated Countries, we may also share your publicly-shared content (such as your public LinkedIn posts) with our Affiliates, including Microsoft, to provide or develop their services.
Where allowed
, we may combine information internally across the different Services covered by this Privacy Policy to help our Services be more relevant and useful to you and others. For example, we may personalize your feed or job recommendations based on your learning history.
3.5 Service Providers
We may use others to help us with our Services.
We use others to help us provide our Services (e.g., maintenance, analysis, audit, payments, fraud detection, customer support, marketing and development). They will have access to your information (e.g., the contents of a customer support request) as reasonably necessary to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for other purposes. If you purchase a Service from us, we may use a payments service provider who may separately collect information about you (e.g., for fraud prevention or to comply with legal obligations).
3.6 Legal Disclosures
We may need to share your data when we believe it’s required by law or to help protect the rights and safety of you, us or others.
It is possible that we will need to disclose information about you when required by law, subpoena, or other legal process or if we have a good faith belief that disclosure is reasonably necessary to (1) investigate, prevent or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities or to assist government enforcement agencies; (2) enforce our agreements with you; (3) investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations; (4) protect the security or integrity of our Services or the products or services of our Affiliates (such as by sharing with companies facing similar threats); or (5) exercise or protect the rights and safety of LinkedIn, our Members, personnel or others. We attempt to notify Members about legal demands for their personal data when appropriate in our judgment, unless prohibited by law or court order or when the request is an emergency. We may dispute such demands when we believe, in our discretion, that the requests are overbroad, vague or lack proper authority, but we do not promise to challenge every demand. To learn more see our
Data Request Guidelines
and
Transparency Report
.
3.7 Change in Control or Sale
We may share your data when our business is sold to others, but it must continue to be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
We can also share your personal data as part of a sale, merger or change in control, or in preparation for any of these events. Any other entity which buys us or part of our business will have the right to continue to use your data, but only in the manner set out in this Privacy Policy unless you agree otherwise.
4. Your Choices & Obligations
4.1 Data Retention
We keep most of your personal data for as long as your account is open.
We generally retain your personal data as long as you keep your account open or as needed to provide you Services. This includes data you or others provided to us and data generated or inferred from your use of our Services. Even if you only use our Services when looking for a new job every few years, we will retain your information and keep your profile open, unless you close your account. In some cases we choose to retain certain information (e.g., insights about Services use) in a depersonalized or aggregated form.
4.2 Rights to Access and Control Your Personal Data
You can access or delete your personal data. You have many choices about how your data is collected, used and shared.
We provide many
choices
about the collection, use and sharing of your data, from deleting or correcting data you include in your
profile
and controlling the visibility of your
posts
to advertising
opt-outs
and
communication
controls. We offer you
settings
to control and manage the personal data we have about you.
For personal data that we have about you, you can:
Delete Data
: You can ask us to erase or delete all or some of your personal data (e.g., if it is no longer necessary to provide Services to you).
Change or Correct Data
: You can edit some of your personal data through your account. You can also ask us to change, update or fix your data in certain cases, particularly if it’s inaccurate.
Object to, or Limit or Restrict, Use of Data
: You can ask us to stop using all or some of your personal data (e.g., if we have no legal right to keep using it) or to limit our use of it (e.g., if your personal data is inaccurate or unlawfully held).
Right to Access and/or Take Your Data
: You can ask us for a copy of your personal data and can ask for a copy of personal data you provided in machine readable form.
Visitors can
learn more about how to make these requests here
. You may also contact us using the contact information below, and we will consider your request in accordance with applicable laws.
Residents in the
Designated Countries and the UK
, and
other regions
, may have additional rights under their laws.
4.3 Account Closure
We keep some of your data even after you close your account.
If you choose to close your
LinkedIn
account, your personal data will generally stop being visible to others on our Services within 24 hours. We generally delete closed account information within 30 days of account closure, except as noted below.
We retain your personal data even after you have closed your account if reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations (including law enforcement requests), meet regulatory requirements, resolve disputes, maintain security, prevent fraud and abuse (e.g., if we have
restricted
your account for breach of our
Professional Community Policies
), enforce our User Agreement, or fulfill your request to "unsubscribe" from further messages from us. We will retain de-personalized information after your account has been closed.
Information you have shared with others (e.g., through InMail, updates or group posts) will remain visible after you close your account or delete the information from your own profile or mailbox, and we do not control data that other Members have copied out of our Services. Groups content and ratings or review content associated with closed accounts will show an unknown user as the source. Your profile may continue to be displayed in the services of others (e.g., search tools) until they refresh their cache.
5. Other Important Information
5.1. Security
We monitor for and try to prevent security breaches. Please use the security features available through our Services.
We implement security safeguards designed to protect your data, such as HTTPS. We regularly monitor our systems for possible vulnerabilities and attacks. However, we cannot warrant the security of any information that you send us. There is no guarantee that data may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards. Please visit our
Safety Center
for additional information about safely using our Services, including
two-factor authentication
.
5.2. Cross-Border Data Transfers
We store and use your data outside your country.
We process data both inside and outside of the United States and rely on legally-provided mechanisms to lawfully transfer data across borders.
Learn more
. Countries where we process data may have laws which are different from, and potentially not as protective as, the laws of your own country.
5.3 Lawful Bases for Processing
We have lawful bases to collect, use and share data about you. You have choices about our use of your data. At any time, you can withdraw consent you have provided by going to settings.
We will only collect and process personal data about you where we have lawful bases. Lawful bases include consent (where you have given consent), contract (where processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you (e.g., to deliver the LinkedIn Services you have requested) and “legitimate interests.”
Learn more
.
Where we rely on your
consent
to process personal data, you have the right to withdraw or decline your consent at any time and where we rely on legitimate interests, you have the right to object.
Learn More
. If you have any questions about the lawful bases upon which we collect and use your personal data, please
contact our Data Protection Officer here
.
If you're located in one of the Designated Countries or the UK, you can learn more about our lawful bases for processing in our
European Regional Privacy Notice
.
5.4. Direct Marketing and Do Not Track Signals
Our statements regarding direct marketing and “do not track” signals.
We currently do not share personal data with third parties for their direct marketing purposes without your permission.
Learn more
about this and about our response to “do not track” signals.
5.5. Contact Information
You can contact us or use other options to resolve any complaints.
If you have questions or complaints regarding this Policy, please first
contact LinkedIn
online. You can also reach us by
physical mail
. If contacting us does not resolve your complaint, you have more
options
. Residents in the
Designated Countries
and
other regions
may also have the right to
contact our Data Protection Officer here
or at
DPO@linkedin.com
. If this does not resolve your complaint, Residents in the Designated Countries and other regions may have more
options
under their laws.
Consent
Where we process data based on consent, we will ask for your explicit consent. You may withdraw your consent at any time, but that will not affect the lawfulness of the processing of your personal data prior to such withdrawal. Where we rely on contract, we will ask that you agree to the processing of personal data that is necessary for entering into or performance of your contract with us. We will rely on legitimate interests as a basis for data processing where the processing of your data is not overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms.
Sub-policy 6
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en&gl=de:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 7
https://consumer.huawei.com/de/legal/privacy-policy/:
Alle akzeptieren
Alle ablehnen
Cookie-Einstellung
Details ausblenden
Wir verwenden Cookies und ähnliche Tools, die notwendig sind, um grundlegende Funktionen der Website zu ermöglichen und den von Ihnen angeforderten Service zu erbringen. Wenn Sie damit einverstanden sind, verwenden wir Cookies auch, einschließlich
Cookies von Erst- und Drittanbietern
, um Ihre Online-Aktivitäten zu analysieren, um die Leistung unserer Website zu verbessern und Ihnen Werbung basierend auf Ihrer eindeutigen Kennung und Online-Aktivitäten anzuzeigen, wie in unserer
Cookie-Richtlinie
beschrieben. Sie können Ihre Auswahl jederzeit ändern, indem Sie auf Cookie-Einstellungen unten auf der Website klicken. Um mehr darüber zu erfahren, wie und für welche Zwecke wir personenbezogene Daten verwenden, besuchen Sie bitte unsere
Datenschutzerklärung
.
Cookie-Präferenz-Center
Datenschutz
Unverzichtbare Cookies
Diese Cookies sind für die Funktionalität der Website unerlässlich und können in unserem System nicht abgelehnt werden. Sie werden in der Regel nur in Folge bestimmter von Ihnen ausgeführter Aktionen gesetzt, die auf Dienstleistungsanforderungen hinauslaufen, wie etwa das Verwalten Ihrer Datenschutzeinstellungen, Anmelden oder Ausfüllen von Formularen. Sie können in Ihrem Browser Einstellungen vornehmen, dass diese Cookies blockiert oder Sie über ihren Einsatz informiert werden. Doch einige Bereiche der Website funktionieren ohne sie nicht. Unverzichtbare Cookies können einen ID-Code enthalten, der es der Website ermöglicht, Sie jedes Mal als individuellen Besucher von allen anderen Besuchern der Website zu unterscheiden. Diese Art von eindeutigem ID-Code wird zum Aufrechterhalten einer Serversitzung verwendet, um von Ihnen angeforderte Funktionen zu aktivieren.
Name:
SESSION
Anbieter:
api-de.c.huawei.com
Name:
50088_sessionConfig
Anbieter:
celia-de.consumer.huawei.com
Name:
50088_currentLanguage
Anbieter:
celia-de.consumer.huawei.com
Name:
50088_no_robot_chat_status
Anbieter:
celia-de.consumer.huawei.com
Name:
50090_sessionConfig
Anbieter:
celia-de.consumer.huawei.com
Name:
50090_currentLanguage
Anbieter:
celia-de.consumer.huawei.com
Name:
50090_no_robot_chat_status
Anbieter:
celia-de.consumer.huawei.com
Name:
50089_sessionConfig
Anbieter:
celia-de.consumer.huawei.com
Name:
50089_currentLanguage
Anbieter:
celia-de.consumer.huawei.com
Name:
50089_no_robot_chat_status
Anbieter:
celia-de.consumer.huawei.com
Name:
venusUid
Anbieter:
celia-de.consumer.huawei.com
Name:
uid
Anbieter:
celia-de.consumer.huawei.com
Name:
token
Anbieter:
celia-de.consumer.huawei.com
Name:
cartID
Anbieter:
consumer.huawei.com
Name:
consumer-tkbdownload-dg_ctkbfm_sticky
Anbieter:
consumer-tkbdownload.huawei.com
Name:
CAS_THEME_NAME
Anbieter:
id7.cloud.huawei.com
Name:
cookieBannerOnOff
Anbieter:
id7.cloud.huawei.com
Name:
cversion
Anbieter:
id7.cloud.huawei.com
Name:
expiredTime
Anbieter:
id7.cloud.huawei.com
Name:
JSESSIONID
Anbieter:
id7.cloud.huawei.com
Name:
qRCode
Anbieter:
id7.cloud.huawei.com
Name:
qrCodeCreateTime
Anbieter:
id7.cloud.huawei.com
Name:
VERSION_NO
Anbieter:
id7.cloud.huawei.com
Name:
cookieBannerOnOff
Anbieter:
id-dre.dbankcdn.com
Name:
hwsso_login
Anbieter:
huawei.com
Name:
hwsso_uniportal
Anbieter:
huawei.com
Name:
JSESSIONID
Anbieter:
ccpc-de.consumer.huawei.com
Name:
JSESSIONID
Anbieter:
consumer-tkbdownload.huawei.com
Name:
JSESSIONID
Anbieter:
ccpce-de.consumer.huawei.com
Name:
ztsg_ruuid
Anbieter:
.huawei.com
Name:
HWWAFSESTIME
Anbieter:
consumer-res.huawei.com
Name:
HWWAFSESTIME
Anbieter:
consumer.huawei.com
Name:
HWSTORE-SESSION
Anbieter:
.huawei.com
Name:
CookieInformationConsent
Anbieter:
consumer.huawei.com
Name:
HWWAFSESID
Anbieter:
consumer.huawei.com
Name:
HWWAFSESID
Anbieter:
consumer-res.huawei.com
Funktional
Funktionale Cookies ermöglichen es, Informationen zu speichern, die das Erscheinungsbild oder die Handlungen auf der Website ändern können. Dabei könnte es sich um Ihre bevorzugte Sprache oder Region handeln.
Name:
__cf_bm
Anbieter:
.vocuspr.com
Name:
wp_woocommerce_session_xxx
Anbieter:
pulsus-fit.de
Analyse-Cookies
Diese Cookies ermöglichen uns die Zählung von Besuchen und Traffic-Quellen, sodass wir die Leistung unserer Seite messen und verbessern können. Sie helfen uns dabei, die beliebtesten und unbeliebtesten Seiten zu ermitteln und zu beobachten, wie Besucher auf der Seite navigieren. Alle von diesen Cookies gesammelten Informationen werden zusammengefasst und sind daher anonym. Allerdings werden die Drittparteien, die diese Dienstleistungen anbieten (z.B. Google Analytics), Ihre personenbezogenen Daten verarbeiten, um uns die aggregierten Daten zur Verfügung zu stellen.
Name:
_gclxxxx
Anbieter:
huawei.com
Name:
_ga
Anbieter:
huawei.com
Name:
_ga_xxx
Anbieter:
huawei.com
Name:
_gat
Anbieter:
huawei.com
Name:
_gcl_au
Anbieter:
huawei.com
Name:
ga_xxx
Anbieter:
.consumer.huawei.com
Name:
_gat_gtag_UA_xxx_xxx
Anbieter:
.huawei.com
Name:
_ga_xxx
Anbieter:
.consumer.huawei.com
Name:
_ga_xxx
Anbieter:
.huawei.com
Name:
_gcl_au
Anbieter:
.huawei.com
Name:
_ga_xxx
Anbieter:
consumer.huawei.com
Name:
_gid
Anbieter:
.huawei.com
Name:
_ga
Anbieter:
.huawei.com
Werbe-Cookies
Diese Cookies werden von unseren Werbepartnern gesetzt. Sie werden zur Erstellung Ihres Interessenprofils und zur Präsentation relevanter Werbeanzeigen auf anderen Websites verwendet. In sozialen Netzwerken können Sie unseren Inhalten dadurch ein „Like“ geben oder sie dort auch teilen. Personenbezogene Daten werden nicht direkt gespeichert, sondern sie basieren auf der eindeutigen Erkennung Ihres Browsers und Internetgeräts. Darüber hinaus können Drittparteien, die diese Cookies setzen, Ihre personenbezogenen Daten mitIhrem Surfverhalten verknüpfen, wenn Sie zur gleichen Zeit bei deren Diensten eingeloggt sind.
Name:
cto_tld_test
Anbieter:
consumer.huawei.com
Name:
browser_data
Anbieter:
dnacdn.net
Name:
cto_tld_test
Anbieter:
huawei.com
Name:
cookietest
Anbieter:
grmtech.net
Name:
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE
Anbieter:
youtube.com
Name:
YSC
Anbieter:
youtube.com
Name:
CONSENT
Anbieter:
youtube.com
Name:
_dtm_trlnk_tracking_url
Anbieter:
dtm-dre.platform.hicloud.com
Name:
tduid_expire
Anbieter:
consumer.huawei.com
Name:
tduid
Anbieter:
consumer.huawei.com
Name:
tduid_de
Anbieter:
consumer.huawei.com
Name:
utm_source
Anbieter:
consumer.huawei.com
Name:
utm_source_de
Anbieter:
consumer.huawei.com
Name:
criteo_write_test
Anbieter:
consumer.huawei.com
Name:
criteo_write_test
Anbieter:
static.criteo.net
Name:
cookie_ver
Anbieter:
tracking.adsafety.net
Name:
DID
Anbieter:
tracking.adsafety.net
Name:
permanent
Anbieter:
tracking.adsafety.net
Name:
tid
Anbieter:
tracking.adsafety.net
Name:
ucontacts
Anbieter:
tracking.adsafety.net
Name:
CONSENT
Anbieter:
youtube-nocookie.com
Name:
test_cookie
Anbieter:
.doubleclick.net
Name:
5bz0yJnR5cGU9MSZjb2RlPTM0MjkmdGw9MTI5NjAw
Anbieter:
.ad4m.at
Name:
userId
Anbieter:
.ad4m.at
Name:
9132
Anbieter:
.ad4m.at
Name:
bsmartdata_rt
Anbieter:
.bsmartdata.com
Name:
cto_bundle
Anbieter:
huawei.com
Name:
UserID1
Anbieter:
adfarm1.adition.com
Name:
csync
Anbieter:
.smartadserver.com
Name:
cto_tld_test
Anbieter:
.huawei.com
Name:
CMID
Anbieter:
.casalemedia.com
Name:
_fbp
Anbieter:
.huawei.com
Name:
_gcl_aw
Anbieter:
.huawei.com
Name:
TestIfCookieP
Anbieter:
.smartadserver.com
Name:
__Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN
Anbieter:
.youtube.com
Name:
VISITOR_PRIVACY_METADATA
Anbieter:
.youtube.com
Name:
CMPS
Anbieter:
.casalemedia.com
Name:
__cflb
Anbieter:
eu.vocuspr.com
Name:
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE
Anbieter:
.youtube.com
Name:
CMPRO
Anbieter:
.casalemedia.com
Name:
uid
Anbieter:
.criteo.com
Name:
optout
Anbieter:
.criteo.com
Name:
YSC
Anbieter:
.youtube.com
Name:
TDID
Anbieter:
.adsrvr.org
Name:
IDE
Anbieter:
.doubleclick.net
Name:
pid
Anbieter:
.smartadserver.com
Name:
TDCPM
Anbieter:
.adsrvr.org
Nicht klassifiziert
Wir sind gerade dabei, zusammen mit den Providern der einzelnen Cookies nicht klassifizierte Cookies zu klassifizieren.
Name:
_lgc|usrid15
Anbieter:
ban.tangooserver.com
Name:
VERSION_NO
Anbieter:
.id7.cloud.huawei.com
Name:
HWWAFSESID
Anbieter:
itrinity-de.c.huawei.com
Name:
HWWAFSESID
Anbieter:
iforum-de.c.huawei.com
Name:
HWWAFSESTIME
Anbieter:
consumer-img.huawei.com
Name:
50088_visitor_mode_on
Anbieter:
celia-de.consumer.huawei.com
Name:
GCL_AW_P
Anbieter:
.googleadservices.com
Name:
consumer-tkb-dg_huawei_com_weknow_sticky
Anbieter:
.consumer-tkb.huawei.com
Name:
HWWAFSESTIME
Anbieter:
celia-de.consumer.huawei.com
Name:
HWWAFSESID
Anbieter:
sgw-de.c.huawei.com
Name:
HWWAFSESTIME
Anbieter:
itrinity-de.c.huawei.com
Name:
HWWAFSESTIME
Anbieter:
ccpce-de.consumer.huawei.com
Name:
CAS_THEME_NAME
Anbieter:
.id7.cloud.huawei.com
Name:
HWWAFSESTIME
Anbieter:
sgw-de.c.huawei.com
Name:
HWWAFSESID
Anbieter:
ccpce-de.consumer.huawei.com
Name:
HWWAFSESID
Anbieter:
celia-de.consumer.huawei.com
Name:
HWWAFSESTIME
Anbieter:
iforum-de.c.huawei.com
Name:
50088_venusConversationIdConfig
Anbieter:
celia-de.consumer.huawei.com
Name:
datadome
Anbieter:
.taboola.com
Name:
fingerprint
Anbieter:
.tangooserver.com
Name:
HWWAFSESID
Anbieter:
consumer-img.huawei.com
Diese Website verwendet Cookies. Für nähere Informationen zur Verwendung dieser Cookies lesen Sie bitte unsere Datenschutzerklärung. Unsere Cookie-Einstellung ist standardmäßig „inaktiv“, abgesehen von den wesentlichen Cookies. Um die aktuelle Einstellung beizubehalten, klicken Sie einfach auf „Speichern und schließen“ unten. Sie können auch auf „Alle Cookies akzeptieren“ klicken, um alle nicht wesentlichen Cookie-Gruppen zu aktivieren. Sie können auch auf „Alle Cookies ablehnen“ anklicken, so dass nur die unverzichtbaren Cookies aktiviert bleiben. Um Cookies nach Kategorie zu akzeptieren oder zu deaktivieren, klicken Sie einfach auf die Registerkarten links, stellen Sie dann Ihre Präferenz in der oberen rechten Ecke ein und klicken Sie schließlich auf „Speichern und schließen“ unten. Sie können Ihre Einstellungen jederzeit aufrufen und ändern.
Datenschutzhinweise
Cookie Policy
Speichern und schließen
Funktional
Analyse-Cookies
Werbe-Cookies
Deine Bestellung wird ab dem 30.12.2024 ausgeliefert
Entdecken
Close
HUAWEI Privacy
Übersicht
HUAWEI Mobile Services
EMUI
Branchenzertifizierungen
Datenschutz
Datenschutz
1. Wie Huawei Ihre persönlichen Daten erfasst und
                                                                verwendet
2. Wie Huawei Cookies und ähnliche Technologien
                                                                verwendet
3. Wie Huawei Ihre persönlichen Daten überlässt,
                                                                weitergibt, überträgt und offenlegt
4.Wie Huawei Ihre persönlichen Daten schützt
5. Wie Sie Ihre persönlichen Daten verwalten können
6. Wie Huawei die persönlichen Daten von Minderjährigen
                                                                verarbeitet
7. Links zu Websites, Produkten und Services von Dritten
8. Wie Ihre persönlichen Daten international übertragen
                                                                werden
9. Aktualisierungen dieser Erklärung
10. Wie Sie uns erreichen
Huawei Consumer Business – Datenschutzerklärung
Huawei Device Co., Ltd. und seine weltweiten
                                                                    verbundenen Unternehmen (gemeinsam „Huawei“, „wir“,
                                                                    „uns“ oder „unser“) respektieren Ihre Privatsphäre.
                                                                    Aus diesem Grunde haben wir diese
                                                                    Datenschutzerklärung (nachfolgend „diese Erklärung“
                                                                    genannt) erstellt, um Ihnen zu erläutern, wie wir
                                                                    Ihre persönlichen Daten erfassen, verwenden,
                                                                    weitergeben, schützen, speichern und übertragen.
                                                                    Bitte nehmen Sie sich einen Moment Zeit, um diese
                                                                    Erklärung sorgfältig zu lesen und
kontaktieren
                                                                        Sie
                                                                        uns
, wenn Sie irgendwelche Fragen haben.
Diese Erklärung findet für Produkte und Services von
                                                                    Huawei Anwendung, die diese Erklärung anzeigen oder
                                                                    erwähnen, einschließlich Funktionstelefone,
                                                                    Smartphones, Laptops/Tablets, Huawei Vision,
                                                                    Wearables, mobile Breitbandgeräte, Heimrouter,
                                                                    intelligente Haushaltsgeräte, Zubehör, PC-Apps,
                                                                    mobile Internet-Apps (im Folgenden als „Apps“
                                                                    bezeichnet), Software, Toolkits, Websites und
                                                                    Services.
Wir empfehlen Ihnen, neben dieser Erklärung auch den
                                                                    für das jeweilige Produkt oder den jeweiligen
                                                                    Service spezifischen Datenschutzhinweis oder
                                                                    ergänzenden Hinweis von Huawei (im Folgenden
                                                                    „Produktdatenschutzhinweis“) sorgfältig zu lesen.
Der Produktdatenschutzhinweis ist ein wichtiger
                                                                        Bestandteil dieser Erklärung. Er enthält
                                                                        grundlegende Informationen, z. B. darüber, wie
                                                                        jedes
                                                                        Produkt oder jeder Service Ihre persönlichen
                                                                        Daten
                                                                        verarbeitet, wie Sie Ihre Datensubjekt-Rechte
                                                                        ausüben können, wer verantwortlich für die Daten
                                                                        ist
                                                                        und wie Sie die Verantwortlichen kontaktieren
                                                                        können. Im Falle eines Widerspruchs mit dieser
                                                                        Erklärung ist der Produktdatenschutzhinweis
                                                                        maßgebend. Für andere Teile ist diese Erklärung
                                                                        maßgebend.
I. Wie Huawei Ihre persönlichen Daten erfasst und
                                                                    verwendet
1. Wie Huawei Ihre persönlichen Daten erfassst
Persönliche Informationen beziehen sich auf jede
                                                                        Art von elektronisch oder anderweitig
                                                                        gespeicherten Informationen, die sich auf eine
                                                                        identifizierte oder identifizierbare natürliche
                                                                        Person beziehen, mit Ausnahme von Informationen,
                                                                        die anonymisiert wurden. Wir können Ihre
                                                                        persönlichen Daten erfassen, wenn Sie unsere
                                                                        Produkte oder Services nutzen oder mit uns
                                                                        interagieren. Je nachdem, welchen Service Sie
                                                                        nutzen und wie Sie mit uns interagieren, werden
                                                                        unterschiedliche Arten von Daten erfasst. In
                                                                        einigen Fällen können Sie sich dazu
                                                                        entschließen, diese Daten nicht anzugeben. Dies
                                                                        kann jedoch dazu führen, dass wir Ihnen keine
                                                                        entsprechenden Produkte oder Services
                                                                        bereitstellen können oder dass wir auf Probleme,
                                                                        die Sie angesprochen haben, nicht reagieren oder
                                                                        diese lösen können.
Wenn wir Ihnen verwandte Produkte oder Services
                                                                        anbieten, können wir auch Statistiken erfassen
                                                                        und zusammenfassen, z. B. über Website-Besuche,
                                                                        App-Downloads und Produktverkaufsvolumen, um zu
                                                                        erfahren, wie unsere Produkte und Services
                                                                        genutzt werden. Für die Zwecke dieser Erklärung
                                                                        werden die vorangegangenen Statistiken als
                                                                        nicht-persönliche Daten betrachtet. Wir bemühen
                                                                        uns nach Kräften, Ihre persönlichen Daten von
                                                                        den nicht-persönlichen Daten zu separieren und
                                                                        sie getrennt zu verwenden. Sollten
                                                                        nicht-persönliche Daten mit persönlichen Daten
                                                                        vermischt sein, werden wir sie gleichwohl als
                                                                        persönliche Daten behandeln.
Wir werden Ihre persönlichen Daten nur für die
                                                                        in dieser Erklärung und im
                                                                        Produktdatenschutzhinweis beschriebenen Zwecke
                                                                        erfassen und verwenden. Im Folgenden finden Sie
                                                                        einige Beispiele für persönliche Daten, die wir
                                                                        möglicherweise erfassen:
(1) Persönliche Daten, die Sie Huawei zur
                                                                            Verfügung stellen
Sie müssen eine HUAWEI ID registrieren, um
                                                                        bestimmte Funktionen oder Services nutzen zu
                                                                        können. Wenn Sie eine HUAWEI ID registrieren
                                                                        oder sich mit Ihrer HUAWEI ID anmelden, um
                                                                        online einzukaufen, Software herunterzuladen
                                                                        oder Services zu erwerben, bitten wir Sie
                                                                        möglicherweise um die Angabe relevanter
                                                                        persönlicher Daten, wie z. B. Ihren Namen, Ihre
                                                                        E-Mail-Adresse, Ihre Mobiltelefonnummer,
                                                                        Bestellinformationen, Ihre Lieferadresse und
                                                                        Ihre Zahlungsmethode.
Über einige Huawei-Produkte können Sie
                                                                        kommunizieren und Informationen mit anderen
                                                                        austauschen. Wenn Sie ein Huawei-Produkt
                                                                        verwenden, um Inhalte mit Ihrer Familie und
                                                                        Ihren Freunden zu teilen, müssen Sie
                                                                        möglicherweise ein offenes HUAWEI ID-Profil
                                                                        erstellen, das Ihren Spitznamen und Avatar
                                                                        enthält. Wir können auch Informationen über Ihre
                                                                        Familie und Freunde erfassen, z. B. deren Namen,
                                                                        E-Mail-Adressen und Telefonnummern. Wir werden
                                                                        geeignete und notwendige Maßnahmen ergreifen, um
                                                                        die Sicherheit ihrer Kommunikation zu
                                                                        gewährleisten.
Um die Anforderungen bestimmter
                                                                        Gerichtsbarkeiten für die Registrierung von
                                                                        Echtnamen-Konten, für Systeme zur Verhinderung
                                                                        von Spielsucht und für Internet-Zahlungen sowie
                                                                        andere Anforderungen zu erfüllen, können wir Sie
                                                                        bitten, Identitätsnachweise, die von lokalen
                                                                        Behörden ausgestellt wurden, oder relevante
                                                                        Karteninformationen vorzulegen, die Ihre
                                                                        Identität nachweisen können.
(2) Informationen, die Huawei erfasst, wenn
                                                                            Sie Services nutzen
Wenn Sie unsere Produkte und Services nutzen,
                                                                        erfassen wir Ihre Geräteinformationen und wie
                                                                        Sie und Ihr Gerät mit unseren Produkten und
                                                                        Services interagieren. Diese Informationen
                                                                        umfassen:
a. Geräte- und App-Informationen, wie z. B.
                                                                        Gerätename, Gerätekennung,
                                                                        Geräteaktivierungszeit, Hardwaremodell,
                                                                        Betriebssystemversion, App-Version,
                                                                        Softwarekennung sowie Geräte- und
                                                                        App-Einstellungen (z. B. Region, Sprache,
                                                                        Zeitzone und Schriftgröße).
b. Informationen über das Mobilfunknetz, wie z.
                                                                        B. die Provider-ID des Public Land Mobile
                                                                        Network (PLMN), den geografischen Standort
                                                                        (Cell-ID des Gebiets, in dem sich das Gerät
                                                                        befindet) und die Internetprotokoll-Adresse
                                                                        (IP).
c. Protokollinformationen. Wenn Sie
                                                                        Huawei-Services nutzen oder von Huawei
                                                                        bereitgestellte Inhalte sehen, werden wir
                                                                        automatisch einige Informationen erfassen und
                                                                        protokollieren, wie z. B. Zugriffszeit,
                                                                        Zugriffszahl, IP-Adresse und
                                                                        Ereignisinformationen (wie Fehler, Abstürze,
                                                                        Neustarts und Aktualisierungen).
d. Standortinformationen. Wenn Sie auf bestimmte
                                                                        standortbezogene Services zugreifen (z. B.
                                                                        Suchen durchführen, Navigationssoftware
                                                                        verwenden oder das Wetter für einen bestimmten
                                                                        Standort anzeigen), erfassen, verwenden und
                                                                        verarbeiten wir den ungefähren oder genauen
                                                                        Standort Ihres Geräts. Diese Informationen
                                                                        können über GPS, WLAN oder die Netzwerk-ID des
                                                                        Serviceanbieters abgerufen werden. Wir werden
                                                                        Sie bitten, die Apps auszuwählen, für die Sie
                                                                        die Standortservices aktivieren möchten. Sie
                                                                        können die Freigabe Ihres Standorts verweigern,
                                                                        indem Sie die entsprechende Berechtigung in den
                                                                        Geräteeinstellungen deaktivieren.
e. In der Cloud gespeicherte Informationen.
                                                                        Beispielsweise werden die Informationen, die Sie
                                                                        in die Cloud hochladen, auf unseren Servern
                                                                        gespeichert, um einen schnellen Zugriff und die
                                                                        gemeinsame Nutzung zwischen den Geräten zu
                                                                        ermöglichen. Niemand hat ohne Ihre Erlaubnis
                                                                        Zugriff auf diese Informationen.
(3) Informationen aus Quellen Dritter
Wenn es die örtlichen Gesetze erlauben, können
                                                                        wir auch andere Informationen über Sie, Ihr
                                                                        Gerät oder die Nutzung von Services aus
                                                                        öffentlichen oder legitimen kommerziellen
                                                                        Quellen erhalten. Beispielsweise erhalten wir
                                                                        Ihre Informationen von Dritten, wenn Sie sich
                                                                        über ein Social-Media-Konto eines Dritten auf
                                                                        unserer Website anmelden oder wenn Ihre
                                                                        Kontaktinformationen von anderen hochgeladen
                                                                        werden, die unsere Kommunikationsservices
                                                                        nutzen.
2. Wie Huawei Ihre persönlichen Daten
                                                                            verwendet
Wir verwenden Ihre persönlichen Daten nur auf
                                                                        einer gesetzlichen Grundlage. Gemäß den
                                                                        geltenden lokalen Gesetzen können wir Ihre
                                                                        persönlichen Daten für die folgenden Zwecke auf
                                                                        der Grundlage einer der folgenden
                                                                        Rechtsgrundlagen verwenden: Ihre Einwilligung;
                                                                        notwendig, um einen Vertrag zwischen Ihnen und
                                                                        Huawei zu erfüllen/abzuschließen; notwendig, um
                                                                        die berechtigten Interessen von Ihnen oder
                                                                        anderen zu schützen; notwendig, um gesetzliche
                                                                        Verpflichtungen zu erfüllen; und notwendig, um
                                                                        die berechtigten Interessen von Unternehmen zu
                                                                        schützen:
(1) Registrierung und Aktivierung unserer
                                                                        Produkte oder Services, die Sie erworben haben;
(2) Registrierung Ihrer HUAWEI ID, damit Sie
                                                                        eine breitere Palette von Funktionen nutzen
                                                                        können;
(3) Lieferung, Aktivierung oder Überprüfung der
                                                                        von Ihnen angeforderten Produkte und Services
                                                                        oder Durchführung von Änderungen und
                                                                        Bereitstellung von technischem Support und
                                                                        Kundendienst für solche Angebote auf Ihren
                                                                        Wunsch;
(4) Benachrichtigung über Aktualisierungen und
                                                                        Installationen des Betriebssystems oder von
                                                                        Apps;
(5) Bereitstellung individueller
                                                                        Benutzererlebnisse und Inhalte;
(6) Um Ihnen nach Einholung Ihrer Zustimmung
                                                                        oder nach Erhalt Ihrer Anfrage Informationen
                                                                        über Produkte und Services zu senden, an denen
                                                                        Sie interessiert sein könnten, um Sie zu unseren
                                                                        Werbeaktivitäten und Marktumfragen einzuladen
                                                                        oder um Ihnen Marketinginformationen zu senden;
(7) Durchführung von internen Audits,
                                                                        Datenanalysen und Forschungsarbeiten; Analyse
                                                                        der Effizienz von Geschäftsabläufen und Messung
                                                                        von Marktanteilen und Verbesserung unserer
                                                                        Produkte und Services;
(8) Behebung von Problemen, nachdem Sie
                                                                        Fehlerdetails an uns gesendet haben;
(9) Synchronisierung und Speicherung der Daten,
                                                                        die Sie hoch- oder heruntergeladen haben, sowie
                                                                        der Daten, die für Upload- und Download-Vorgänge
                                                                        benötigt werden;
(10) Verbesserung unserer Programme zur
                                                                        Schadensverhütung und Betrugsbekämpfung;
(11) Einhaltung geltender lokaler
                                                                        Gesetze/Vorschriften, z. B. Erfüllung von
                                                                        Verpflichtungen zur Verwaltung der
                                                                        E-Commerce-Plattform oder Einhaltung
                                                                        gesetzlicher Anforderungen der Regierung;
(12) Andere Zwecke, die in dem
                                                                        Produktdatenschutzhinweis beschrieben sind.
II. Wie Huawei Cookies und ähnliche Technologien
                                                                    verwendet
Wir können Cookies, Pixel-Tags, Web-Beacons und
                                                                        andere lokale Speichertechnologien auf unseren
                                                                        Websites, in mobilen Apps, Online-Services,
                                                                        E-Mails und Werbeanzeigen verwenden. Die durch
                                                                        Cookies und ähnliche Technologien erfassten
                                                                        Informationen werden als nicht-persönliche Daten
                                                                        betrachtet. Wenn jedoch lokale Gesetze
                                                                        IP-Adressen oder ähnliche Kennungen als
                                                                        persönliche Daten behandeln, werden auch wir sie
                                                                        als persönliche Daten behandeln. In einigen
                                                                        Fällen vermischen wir die mit diesen
                                                                        Technologien erfassten nicht-persönlichen Daten
                                                                        mit den persönlichen Daten, über die wir
                                                                        verfügen. Für die Zwecke dieser Erklärung werden
                                                                        wir die gemischten Daten als persönliche Daten
                                                                        betrachten.
Ein Cookie ist eine Textdatei, die von einem
                                                                        Webserver erstellt und auf einem Computer oder
                                                                        Mobilgerät gespeichert wird. Der Inhalt eines
                                                                        Cookies kann nur von dem Server abgerufen oder
                                                                        gelesen werden, der den Cookie erstellt hat.
                                                                        Cookies gelten nur für den von Ihnen verwendeten
                                                                        Browser oder die von Ihnen verwendete mobile
                                                                        Anwendung. Sie enthalten in der Regel Kennungen,
                                                                        Website-Namen sowie Zahlen und Zeichen.
Manchmal werden Cookies auf Computern oder
                                                                        Mobilgeräten gespeichert, um das
                                                                        Benutzererlebnis zu verbessern, dazu gehören:
(1) Notwendige Cookies:
− Anmeldung und Verifizierung. Wenn Sie Ihre
                                                                        HUAWEI ID verwenden, um sich auf einer Website
                                                                        anzumelden, können Cookies Sie dabei
                                                                        unterstützen, von Seite zu Seite zu navigieren,
                                                                        ohne sich auf jeder Seite neu anmelden zu
                                                                        müssen.
− Speicherung Ihrer Präferenzen und
                                                                        Einstellungen. Websites können Cookies
                                                                        verwenden, um persönliche Einstellungen zu
                                                                        speichern, z. B. die Sprache, die Schriftgröße,
                                                                        den Warenkorb und andere Präferenzen beim Surfen
                                                                        auf Ihren Computern oder Mobilgeräten.
(2) Analyse-Cookies: Statistische Analyse. Mit
                                                                        Cookies können wir Informationen über Ihre
                                                                        Nutzung unserer Websites und anderer Apps
                                                                        erfassen, einschließlich die Aufzeichnung eines
                                                                        einzelnen Besuchs (durch Verwendung eines
                                                                        Sitzungs-Cookies) oder mehrerer Besuche (durch
                                                                        Verwendung eines beständigen Cookies).
(3) Werbe-Cookies: Interessenbasierte Werbung.
                                                                        Mithilfe von Cookies können wir Informationen
                                                                        über Ihre Online-Aktivitäten erfassen, Ihre
                                                                        Interessen ermitteln und Ihnen besonders
                                                                        relevante Werbung anzeigen.
Sie können Cookies gemäß Ihren eigenen
                                                                        Präferenzen verwalten oder löschen.
                                                                        Sie
                                                                        können alle auf Ihrem Computer gespeicherten
                                                                        Cookies löschen, und die meisten Webbrowser
                                                                        bieten die Möglichkeit, Cookies zu blockieren.
                                                                        Weitere Details zum Ändern der
                                                                        Browser-Einstellungen erhalten Sie von Ihrem
                                                                        Browser-Anbieter.
Wenn Sie Cookies löschen, müssen Sie Ihre
                                                                        Einstellungen bei jedem Besuch unserer Websites
                                                                        ändern. Bitte beachten Sie, dass einige unserer
                                                                        Services möglicherweise die Verwendung von
                                                                        Cookies erfordern. In diesem Fall kann die
                                                                        Deaktivierung von Cookies alle oder einen Teil
                                                                        der angebotenen Services beeinträchtigen.
Neben Cookies verwenden wir gegebenenfalls
                                                                        weitere ähnliche Technologien auf unseren
                                                                        Websites, wie Web-Beacons und Pixel-Tags. Ein
                                                                        Web-Beacon ist in der Regel ein elektronisches
                                                                        Grafikbild, das in eine Website oder E-Mail
                                                                        eingebettet ist, um die Cookies Ihres Gerätes zu
                                                                        identifizieren, wenn Sie auf die Website oder
                                                                        E-Mail zugreifen. Pixel-Tags ermöglichen es uns,
                                                                        E-Mails in einer für Sie lesbaren Form zu
                                                                        versenden und festzustellen, ob eine E-Mail
                                                                        geöffnet wurde.
Wir und unsere Drittpartner verwenden solche
                                                                        Technologien für eine Vielzahl von Zwecken,
                                                                        einschließlich der Analyse der Nutzung von
                                                                        Services (in Verbindung mit Cookies) und der
                                                                        Bereitstellung von zufriedenstellenderen
                                                                        Inhalten und Werbung für Sie. Wenn Sie
                                                                        beispielsweise eine E-Mail von uns erhalten,
                                                                        kann diese eine Click-through-URL enthalten, die
                                                                        auf eine Website von uns verweist. Wenn Sie auf
                                                                        die URL klicken, verfolgen wir Ihren Besuch, um
                                                                        Ihre Präferenzen für Produkte und Services
                                                                        kennenzulernen und den Kundenservice zu
                                                                        verbessern.
Viele Web-Browser bieten eine „Do Not Track“
                                                                        (engl. für „nicht verfolgen“)-Funktion, die „Do
                                                                        Not Track“-Anfragen an Websites versenden kann.
                                                                        Die großen
                                                                        Internet-Standardisierungsorganisationen haben
                                                                        keine Richtlinien aufgestellt, die festlegen,
                                                                        wie Websites mit diesen Anforderungen umgehen
                                                                        sollten.
Derzeit gestatten wir Ihnen nicht, die Art und
                                                                        Weise der Cookie-Verarbeitung auf der Grundlage
                                                                        der von Ihnen gewählten „Do Not
                                                                        Track“-Einstellungen oder anderer ähnlicher
                                                                        Funktionen, die Sie ausgewählt haben, zu ändern.
III. Wie Huawei Ihre persönlichen Daten überlässt,
                                                                    weitergibt, überträgt und offenlegt
1. Beauftragung
In einigen Fällen können wir andere Unternehmen
                                                                        damit beauftragen, Ihre persönlichen Daten in
                                                                        unserem Namen zu verarbeiten. Zum Beispiel
                                                                        können wir ein anderes Unternehmen mit dem
                                                                        Hotline-Support, dem Versand von E-Mails und der
                                                                        Bereitstellung von technischem Support
                                                                        beauftragen. Diese Unternehmen dürfen Ihre
                                                                        persönlichen Daten nur verwenden, um Ihnen im
                                                                        Auftrag von uns Services bereitzustellen.
Wir schließen mit der beauftragten Partei eine
                                                                        strenge Übertragungsvereinbarung ab oder
                                                                        vereinbaren Bedingungen für die Verarbeitung
                                                                        persönlicher Daten. Die beauftragte Partei ist
                                                                        verpflichtet, die jeweiligen persönlichen Daten
                                                                        in Übereinstimmung mit dieser Erklärung und
                                                                        unseren Anweisungen zu verarbeiten, und sie muss
                                                                        entsprechende Vertraulichkeits- und
                                                                        Sicherheitsmaßnahmen ergreifen, um die
                                                                        Sicherheit der persönlichen Daten zu
                                                                        gewährleisten.
2. Weitergabe
Die Weitergabe bezieht sich auf den Prozess, bei
                                                                        dem wir persönliche Daten an andere Verarbeiter
                                                                        persönlicher Daten weitergeben, wobei beide
                                                                        Parteien unabhängig voneinander die Zwecke und
                                                                        Methoden der Datenverarbeitung bestimmen können.
                                                                        Wir geben Ihre persönlichen Daten nicht an
                                                                        externe Parteien weiter, außer in den folgenden
                                                                        Fällen:
(1) Weitergabe mit Ihrer Zustimmung: Nach
                                                                        Einholung Ihrer Zustimmung werden wir Ihre
                                                                        autorisierten persönlichen Daten an die von
                                                                        Ihnen benannten Dritten weitergeben.
(2) Weitergabe im Rahmen gesetzlicher
                                                                        Bestimmungen: Wir können Ihre persönlichen Daten
                                                                        in Übereinstimmung mit Gesetzen/Verordnungen,
                                                                        Anforderungen zur Beilegung von
                                                                        Rechtsstreitigkeiten oder rechtlichen
                                                                        Anforderungen von Verwaltungs- und
                                                                        Justizbehörden weitergeben.
(3) Weitergabe an unsere verbundenen
                                                                        Unternehmen: Ihre Daten können an unsere
                                                                        verbundenen Unternehmen weitergegeben werden.
                                                                        Wir werden Ihre Daten nur für bestimmte,
                                                                        eindeutige und rechtmäßige Zwecke an unsere
                                                                        verbundenen Unternehmen weitergeben. Wir geben
                                                                        nur Daten weiter, die zur Bereitstellung der
                                                                        Services erforderlich sind. Um beispielsweise
                                                                        die wiederholte Registrierung von HUAWEI IDs zu
                                                                        vermeiden, müssen wir die globale Einmaligkeit
                                                                        des zu registrierenden Kontos überprüfen.
(4) Weitergabe an Geschäftspartner: Um die
                                                                        Qualität der Ihnen zur Verfügung gestellten
                                                                        Services zu gewährleisten, können wir Ihre
                                                                        Bestell-, Konto-, Geräte- und
                                                                        Standortinformationen an unsere Drittpartnern
                                                                        weitergeben. Wir werden Ihre persönlichen Daten
                                                                        jedoch nur für legitime, angemessene,
                                                                        notwendige, spezifische und eindeutige Zwecke
                                                                        weitergeben. Zu unseren Partnern gehören:
a. Externe Verkäufer und Entwickler: Einige
                                                                        unserer Produkte und Services werden Ihnen
                                                                        direkt von Dritten bereitgestellt. In diesem
                                                                        Fall werden wir transaktionsbezogene
                                                                        Informationen an Dritte weitergeben, um die
                                                                        Anforderungen für die von Ihnen erworbenen Waren
                                                                        oder Services zu erfüllen. Wenn Sie zum Beispiel
                                                                        Produkte von Drittentwicklern in der HUAWEI
                                                                        AppGallery kaufen, geben wir die notwendigen
                                                                        Informationen an diese weiter, um die
                                                                        Transaktion durchzuführen.
b. Anbieter von Waren oder technischen Services:
                                                                        Wir können Ihre persönlichen Daten an Dritte
                                                                        weitergeben, die unsere Features und Funktionen
                                                                        unterstützen, einschließlich Dritter, die
                                                                        technische Infrastrukturservices, Logistik- und
                                                                        Vertriebsservices, Zahlungsservices und
                                                                        Datenverarbeitungsservices liefern oder
                                                                        bereitstellen. Wir geben diese Daten weiter,
                                                                        damit die Funktionalität unserer Produkte und
                                                                        Services umgesetzt werden kann. So geben wir
                                                                        beispielsweise Ihre Bestelldaten an den
                                                                        Logistikserviceanbieter weiter, um die Lieferung
                                                                        zu organisieren, oder wir geben Ihre
                                                                        Bestellnummer und den Kaufbetrag an eine dritte
                                                                        Zahlungsagentur weiter, um Ihre
                                                                        Zahlungsanweisungen zu bestätigen und die
                                                                        Transaktion durchzuführen.
Wir führen eine Sicherheitsbewertung des
                                                                        Weitergabeverhaltens und der Empfänger
                                                                        persönlicher Daten durch und schließen mit ihnen
                                                                        eine Datenschutzvereinbarung oder eine strenge
                                                                        Vertraulichkeitsvereinbarung ab, die sie
                                                                        verpflichtet, diese Erklärung einzuhalten und
                                                                        bei der Verarbeitung Ihrer persönlichen Daten
                                                                        angemessene Vertraulichkeits- und
                                                                        Sicherheitsmaßnahmen zu ergreifen.
3. Übertragung
Wenn persönliche Daten aufgrund von Fusionen und
                                                                        Übernahmen, Teilungen, Auflösungen oder
                                                                        Insolvenzen übertragen werden, werden wir Sie
                                                                        vorher benachrichtigen, um Ihnen die Namen und
                                                                        Kontaktinformationen des Empfängers mitzuteilen,
                                                                        und wir werden von ihm verlangen, diese
                                                                        Erklärung bei der Verarbeitung Ihrer
                                                                        persönlichen Daten einzuhalten. Sollte ein
                                                                        Empfänger versuchen, den ursprünglichen
                                                                        Verarbeitungszweck oder die Verarbeitungsmethode
                                                                        zu ändern, muss er erneut Ihre Zustimmung
                                                                        einholen.
4. Öffentliche Bekanntgabe
Wir werden Ihre persönlichen Daten nur in den
                                                                        folgenden Fällen offenlegen:
(1) Nach Einholung Ihrer Zustimmung;
(2) Aus rechtlichen oder triftigen Gründen: Wir
                                                                        können Ihre Daten offenlegen, wenn dies aufgrund
                                                                        von Gesetzen, rechtlichen Verfahren,
                                                                        Rechtsstreitigkeiten erforderlich ist oder von
                                                                        öffentlichen und staatlichen Behörden verlangt
                                                                        wird.
IV. Wie Huawei Ihre persönlichen Daten schützt
Die Sicherheit Ihrer persönlichen Daten ist
                                                                        wichtig für uns. Wir haben branchenübliche
                                                                        Standardverfahren eingeführt, um Ihre
                                                                        persönlichen Daten vor unbefugtem
                                                                        Zugriff/Weitergabe/Nutzung/Änderung,
                                                                        Beschädigung oder Verlust zu schützen. Zu diesem
                                                                        Zweck ergreifen wir folgende Maßnahmen:
1. Wir ergreifen alle angemessenen und
                                                                        durchführbaren Maßnahmen, um sicherzustellen,
                                                                        dass die erfassten persönlichen Daten auf ein
                                                                        Minimum beschränkt und für die Zwecke, für die
                                                                        sie verarbeitet werden, relevant sind. Wir
                                                                        werden Ihre persönlichen Daten nicht länger
                                                                        speichern, als es für die in dieser Erklärung
                                                                        genannten Zwecke erforderlich ist, es sei denn,
                                                                        eine Verlängerung des Aufbewahrungszeitraums ist
                                                                        gesetzlich vorgeschrieben oder zulässig.
2. Wir verwenden kryptografische Technologien,
                                                                        um die Vertraulichkeit der Datenübertragung und
                                                                        -speicherung zu gewährleisten, und
                                                                        implementieren vertrauenswürdige
                                                                        Schutzmechanismen, um Daten und
                                                                        Datenspeicher-Server vor Angriffen zu schützen.
3. Wir setzen Zugriffskontrollmechanismen ein,
                                                                        um nur autorisierten Personen den Zugriff auf
                                                                        Ihre persönlichen Daten zu ermöglichen. Darüber
                                                                        hinaus begrenzen wir die Anzahl der
                                                                        autorisierten Mitarbeiter und führen ein
                                                                        hierarchisches Berechtigungsmanagement ein, das
                                                                        sich an den Serviceanforderungen und den
                                                                        Personalebenen orientiert. Der Zugriff auf
                                                                        persönliche Daten wird protokolliert und
                                                                        regelmäßig von autorisiertem Personal überprüft.
4. Wir wählen Geschäftspartner und
                                                                        Serviceanbieter sorgfältig aus und
                                                                        berücksichtigen die Anforderungen an den Schutz
                                                                        persönlicher Daten in Handelsverträgen, Audits
                                                                        und Beurteilungsaktivitäten.
5. Wir organisieren Schulungen zum Thema
                                                                        Sicherheit und Schutz der Privatsphäre, Tests
                                                                        und Öffentlichkeitsaktivitäten, um das
                                                                        Bewusstsein der Mitarbeiter für den Schutz
                                                                        persönlicher Daten zu schärfen.
Wir verpflichten uns voll und ganz, Ihre
                                                                        persönlichen Daten zu schützen. Dennoch ist
                                                                        keine Sicherheitsmaßnahme perfekt und kein
                                                                        Produkt, Service, Website, Datenübertragung,
                                                                        Computersystem oder Netzwerkverbindung ist
                                                                        absolut sicher.
Als Reaktion auf mögliche Risiken, wie z. B. die
                                                                        Preisgabe, Beschädigung und den Verlust von
                                                                        persönlichen Daten, haben wir verschiedene
                                                                        Mechanismen und Kontrollmaßnahmen entwickelt,
                                                                        durch die Bewertungsstandards für
                                                                        Sicherheitsvorfälle und Schwachstellen sowie die
                                                                        entsprechenden Behandlungsverfahren klar
                                                                        festgelegt werden, und haben eine spezielle
                                                                        Seite für
Sicherheitsberatung
                                                                            und
                                                                            Sicherheitshinweise
eingerichtet.
                                                                        Außerdem haben
                                                                        wir ein spezielles Sicherheitsteam für Notfälle
                                                                        eingerichtet, das Notfallpläne für die
                                                                        Sicherheit, die Reduzierung von Verlusten, die
                                                                        Analyse, die Lokalisierung und die Behebung von
                                                                        Schäden umsetzt und in Übereinstimmung mit den
                                                                        Vorschriften und Anforderungen für die
                                                                        Behandlung von Sicherheitsvorfällen
                                                                        Rückverfolgungs- und Gegenmaßnahmen mit den
                                                                        entsprechenden Abteilungen durchführt.
Wenn es zu einem Sicherheitsvorfall mit
                                                                        persönlichen Daten kommt, werden wir Sie gemäß
                                                                        den örtlichen gesetzlichen Bestimmungen über die
                                                                        grundlegenden Informationen zu dem
                                                                        Sicherheitsvorfall und seine möglichen
                                                                        Auswirkungen, die Maßnahmen, die wir ergriffen
                                                                        haben oder ergreifen werden, Vorschläge zur
                                                                        aktiven Abwehr und Risikominderung sowie
                                                                        Abhilfemaßnahmen informieren. Die
                                                                        Benachrichtigung kann in Form einer E-Mail,
                                                                        Textnachricht, Push-Benachrichtigung, usw.
                                                                        erfolgen. Wenn es schwierig ist, das
                                                                        Datensubjekt individuell zu informieren, werden
                                                                        wir angemessene und wirksame Maßnahmen
                                                                        ergreifen, um einen Sicherheitshinweis zu
                                                                        veröffentlichen. Darüber hinaus werden wir auch
                                                                        den Bearbeitungsstand von Sicherheitsvorfällen
                                                                        im Zusammenhang mit persönlichen Daten melden,
                                                                        wie von den Aufsichtsbehörden gefordert.
V. Wie Sie Ihre persönlichen Daten verwalten können
1. Datensubjekt-Rechte, wie Zugriff,
                                                                            Berichtigung und Löschung
Die Gesetzgebung in bestimmten Ländern und
                                                                        Regionen, in denen wir Produkte und Services
                                                                        anbieten, sieht vor, dass Datensubjekte das
                                                                        Recht haben, auf persönliche Daten zuzugreifen,
                                                                        sie zu korrigieren und zu löschen sowie die
                                                                        Verarbeitung persönlicher Daten einzuschränken.
                                                                        Gemäß den lokalen Gesetzen können Datensubjekte
                                                                        oder ihre Bevollmächtigten Anfragen zur Ausübung
                                                                        ihrer Datensubjekt-Rechte (im Folgenden als
                                                                        „Anfragen“ bezeichnet) an uns richten.
(1) Methoden und Kanäle für die Anfragen
Datensubjekt-Anfragen müssen schriftlich
                                                                        eingereicht werden. Die Anfragen sind auch dann
                                                                        gültig, wenn der Antragsteller nicht angibt, auf
                                                                        welche Gesetze sich die Anfragen stützen.
                                                                        Mündliche Anfragen sind in der Regel nicht
                                                                        zulässig, es sei denn, die örtlichen Gesetze
                                                                        erlauben etwas anderes.
Datensubjekt-Anfragen können über die offizielle
                                                                        Website von Huawei Consumer BG, die My
                                                                        HUAWEI-App oder die Datenschutzverwaltung von
                                                                        HUAWEI ID eingereicht werden. Wenn ein
                                                                        Datensubjekt eine Anfrage über eine Hotline,
                                                                        eine E-Mail, einen Online-Kundenservice, ein
                                                                        Service-Center oder andere Kanäle einreicht,
                                                                        werden wir das Datensubjekt anweisen, eine
                                                                        offizielle Anfrage über einen der oben genannten
                                                                        Kanäle zu stellen, um die Kommunikation über den
                                                                        Fortschritt und das Ergebnis-Feedback zu
                                                                        erleichtern. Wir haben die entsprechenden Kanäle
                                                                        eingerichtet, um seine legitimen Interessen zu
                                                                        schützen, unseren Geschäftsbetrieb zu
                                                                        gewährleisten und zu verhindern, dass seine
                                                                        Rechte missbraucht oder in betrügerischer
                                                                        Absicht verwendet werden.
(2) Gültigkeit der Anfragen
Die meisten Gesetze verlangen von den
                                                                        Datensubjekten, dass sie bestimmte Anforderungen
                                                                        erfüllen, wenn sie eine Anfrage einreichen.
                                                                        Diese Erklärung verlangt von Datensubjekten
                                                                        Folgendes:
a. Einreichen von Anfragen über spezielle
                                                                        Anfragekanäle (nämlich die
offizielle
                                                                            Website
                                                                            von Huawei Consumer BG
, die My
                                                                        HUAWEI-App oder
                                                                        die Datenschutzverwaltung von HUAWEI ID).
b. Bereitstellung ausreichender Informationen,
                                                                        damit Huawei ihre Identitäten überprüfen kann
                                                                        (um sicherzustellen, dass es sich bei den
                                                                        Anfragenden um die Datensubjekte selbst oder um
                                                                        von ihnen autorisierte Personen handelt).
c. Sicherstellung, dass ihre Anfragen spezifisch
                                                                        und durchführbar sind.
(3) Bearbeitungszeitraum der Anfrage
Wir bemühen uns, innerhalb eines Monats nach
                                                                        Erhalt einer Anfrage für den Zugriff auf
                                                                        persönliche Daten zu antworten. Dieser Zeitraum
                                                                        kann je nach Anzahl und Komplexität der Anfragen
                                                                        erforderlichenfalls verlängert sein. Wenn der
                                                                        Anfragezeitraum verlängert sein sollte, werden
                                                                        wir das Datensubjekt über die Situation und den
                                                                        Grund für die Verzögerung benachrichtigen. Im
                                                                        Falle eines zeitlichen Konflikts zwischen diesem
                                                                        Abschnitt und den örtlichen
                                                                        Gesetzen/Verordnungen haben letztere Vorrang.
(4) Anfrageergebnisse
Nach dem Absenden der Anfrage kann Folgendes
                                                                        geschehen:
a. Die Anfrage wird abgelehnt.
Datensubjekt-Anfragen können unter anderem in
                                                                        den folgenden Situationen abgelehnt werden:
(a) Das lokale Recht gewährt dem Datensubjekt
                                                                        diese Rechte nicht;
(b) Die Identität des Anfragenden kann nicht
                                                                        verifiziert werden;
(c) Die Anfrage kann nicht verifiziert werden
                                                                        oder überschreitet den Umfang, insbesondere wenn
                                                                        Anfragen wiederholt gesendet werden;
(d) Die angeforderten Informationen stehen im
                                                                        Zusammenhang mit der Entschädigung, die wir als
                                                                        Ergebnis eines laufenden Rechtsstreits leisten
                                                                        oder erhalten werden, und die Offenlegung dieser
                                                                        Informationen ist geeignet, unsere Interessen zu
                                                                        beeinträchtigen;
(e) Die gespeicherten Informationen werden nur
                                                                        für statistische und Forschungszwecke verwendet,
                                                                        und die Veröffentlichung von Statistiken und
                                                                        Forschungsergebnissen gibt keine Auskunft über
                                                                        die Identität von Personen;
(f) Sonstige Situationen, die durch Gesetze
                                                                        geregelt sind.
Wenn wir die Anfrage eines Datensubjekts
                                                                        ablehnen, werden wir dem Anfragenden eine
                                                                        förmliche Erklärung zukommen lassen.
b. Die Anfrage wird angenommen.
Tritt keiner der unter (1) beschriebenen Fälle
                                                                        ein, werden wir der Anfrage des Datensubjekts
                                                                        nachkommen. Um die Wahrscheinlichkeit zu
                                                                        erhöhen, dass Ihre Anfrage angenommen wird,
                                                                        geben Sie bitte bei der Übermittlung Ihrer
                                                                        Anfrage so detaillierte Informationen wie
                                                                        möglich an, z. B. die Art der Anfrage, den
                                                                        spezifischen Inhalt, Informationen über den
                                                                        Inhaber der Informationen (z. B. den Kontonamen,
                                                                        den Sie für unsere Produkte und Services
                                                                        verwenden) und den Zeitraum, in dem die
                                                                        Informationen erzeugt oder verarbeitet wurden
                                                                        (Anfragen innerhalb eines kürzeren Zeitraums
                                                                        haben eine höhere Wahrscheinlichkeit, angenommen
                                                                        zu werden).
(5) Besondere Hinweise
a. Nur Erziehungsberechtigte oder gesetzlich
                                                                        autorisierte Personen haben das Recht, auf die
                                                                        persönlichen Daten von anderen zuzugreifen.
b. In den meisten Gesetzen/Verordnungen ist
                                                                        festgelegt, unter welchen Umständen eine
                                                                        Organisation keine Daten an Datensubjekte
                                                                        weitergeben darf. Zu diesen Fällen gehören
                                                                        Szenarien, in denen die Bereitstellung von Daten
                                                                        die laufenden Bemühungen zur
                                                                        Terrorismusbekämpfung beeinträchtigen könnte,
                                                                        wenn das Datensubjekt wiederholt Anfragen
                                                                        gestellt hat oder wenn die Beschaffung und
                                                                        Bereitstellung solcher Informationen
                                                                        unverhältnismäßig viele Ressourcen in Anspruch
                                                                        nehmen würde.
c. In der Regel werden wir die folgenden
                                                                        Informationen nicht weitergeben:
(a) Informationen über andere: Anfragen von
                                                                        Datensubjekten können neben dem Datensubjekt
                                                                        auch andere Personen betreffen. Wir werden
                                                                        solche Informationen nicht weitergeben, es sei
                                                                        denn, die betreffenden Personen haben uns dazu
                                                                        ermächtigt.
(b) Wiederholte Anfragen: Wenn das Datensubjekt
                                                                        dieselben oder ähnliche Anfragen in Bezug auf
                                                                        ein Datensubjekt mehrmals stellt und sich die
                                                                        Daten seit der letzten Bereitstellung der Daten
                                                                        nicht geändert haben, werden wir in den meisten
                                                                        Fällen keine Kopie der Daten bereitstellen.
                                                                        Darüber hinaus sind wir nicht verpflichtet,
                                                                        Informationen bereitzustellen, die bereits
                                                                        öffentlich zugänglich sind.
(c) Vertrauliche Stellungnahmen: Wir sind nicht
                                                                        verpflichtet, die angeforderten Informationen
                                                                        zur Verfügung zu stellen, wenn es sich um eine
                                                                        vertrauliche Stellungnahme handelt.
(d) Besondere Dokumente: Bei Anfragen zum
                                                                        Zugriff auf persönliche Daten geben wir keine
                                                                        besonderen Informationen weiter. Zu den
                                                                        besonderen Informationen gehören in der Regel
                                                                        alle vertraulichen Dokumente (wie z. B. die
                                                                        Kommunikation zwischen Anwalt und Mandant) sowie
                                                                        Informationen, die ein entsprechendes
                                                                        Rechtsgutachten einholen oder ausdrücken
                                                                        (unabhängig davon, ob sie sich auf den
                                                                        Rechtsstreit selbst oder auf Informationen aus
                                                                        Gerichtsverfahren beziehen).
2. Zurückziehen der Zustimmung
Wenn es die geltenden Gesetze erlauben, haben
                                                                        Sie das Recht, Ihre Zustimmung jederzeit
                                                                        zurückzuziehen, wenn wir Ihre persönlichen Daten
                                                                        auf der Grundlage Ihrer Zustimmung verarbeiten.
                                                                        Das Zurückziehen der Zustimmung berührt jedoch
                                                                        weder die Rechtmäßigkeit und Wirksamkeit der
                                                                        Verarbeitung Ihrer persönlichen Daten, die vor
                                                                        dem Zurückziehen auf Ihrer Zustimmung beruhte,
                                                                        noch eine Datenverarbeitung, die auf einer
                                                                        anderen Rechtfertigung als Ihrer Zustimmung
                                                                        beruhte.
Weitere Details darüber, wie Sie Ihre Zustimmung
                                                                        für ein bestimmtes Produkt oder einen bestimmten
                                                                        Service zurückziehen können, finden Sie in dem
                                                                        Produktdatenschutzhinweis.
VI. Wie Huawei die persönlichen Daten von
                                                                    Minderjährigen verarbeitet
Wir legen großen Wert auf den Schutz der
                                                                        persönlichen Daten von Minderjährigen. Wir
                                                                        stellen Services und den Schutz für
                                                                        Minderjährige unter strikter Einhaltung der
                                                                        nationalen Gesetze und Vorschriften bereit.
                                                                        Eltern oder andere Erziehungsberechtigte sollten
                                                                        ebenfalls angemessene Vorkehrungen zum Schutz
                                                                        von Minderjährigen treffen, einschließlich der
                                                                        Überwachung ihrer Nutzung der Produkte oder
                                                                        Services.
Wir behandeln alle Personen unter 14 Jahren
                                                                        (bzw. unter dem von den örtlichen Gesetzen
                                                                        festgelegten Alter) als Kinder. Kinder dürfen
                                                                        ohne die Zustimmung ihrer Eltern oder anderer
                                                                        Erziehungsberechtigter keine eigenen HUAWEI IDs
                                                                        erstellen. Wir schränken die uns anvertraute
                                                                        Verarbeitung, Weitergabe, Übertragung und
                                                                        öffentliche Bekanntgabe von persönlichen Daten
                                                                        von Kindern in Übereinstimmung mit den
                                                                        Gesetzen/Verordnungen streng ein. Wenn der
                                                                        Erziehungsberechtigte zu irgendeinem Zeitpunkt
                                                                        Zugriff auf die persönlichen Daten der unter
                                                                        Vormundschaft stehenden Person haben, diese
                                                                        korrigieren oder löschen möchte, kontaktieren
                                                                        Sie uns bitte gemäß Kapitel 10 „Wie Sie uns
                                                                        erreichen“. Wenn wir feststellen, dass wir
                                                                        persönliche Daten von Kindern erfasst haben,
                                                                        ohne die vorherige Zustimmung der berechtigten
                                                                        Eltern oder anderer Erziehungsberechtigter
                                                                        einzuholen, werden wir die Daten so schnell wie
                                                                        möglich löschen.
VII. Links zu Websites, Produkten und Services von
                                                                    Dritten
Um ein reibungsloses Benutzererlebnis zu
                                                                        gewährleisten, können Websites, Apps, Produkte
                                                                        und Services von Huawei Links zu Websites,
                                                                        Produkten und Services Dritter enthalten. Die
                                                                        Produkte und Services von Huawei können auch
                                                                        Produkte oder Services von Dritten nutzen oder
                                                                        anbieten, wie z. B. Apps von Drittanbietern, die
                                                                        in der HUAWEI AppGallery bereitgestellt werden.
                                                                        Huawei hat keine Kontrolle über die Websites,
                                                                        Produkte und Services von Dritten, Sie können
                                                                        allerdings selbst entscheiden, ob Sie auf diese
                                                                        Links zugreifen möchten.
Huawei hat auch keine Kontrolle über die
                                                                        Datenschutzrichtlinien von Dritten, da diese
                                                                        Dritten nicht an diese Erklärung gebunden sind.
                                                                        Bevor Sie Ihre persönlichen Daten an Dritte
                                                                        weitergeben, lesen Sie bitte die
                                                                        Datenschutzrichtlinien dieser Dritten und
                                                                        beachten Sie diese.
VIII. Wie Ihre persönlichen Daten international
                                                                    übertragen werden
Huawei ist ein multinationales Unternehmen.
                                                                        Daher können die von uns erfassten persönlichen
                                                                        Daten in Ländern oder Regionen verarbeitet oder
                                                                        darauf zugegriffen werden, in denen Sie unsere
                                                                        Produkte oder Services nutzen, oder in anderen
                                                                        Ländern oder Regionen, in denen wir oder unsere
                                                                        verbundenen Unternehmen, Tochtergesellschaften,
                                                                        Serviceanbieter oder Geschäftspartner ansässig
                                                                        sind. Diese Länder und Regionen können
                                                                        unterschiedliche Datenschutzgesetze haben. In
                                                                        diesen Fällen ergreift Huawei Maßnahmen, um
                                                                        sicherzustellen, dass diese Daten wie in dieser
                                                                        Erklärung und den anwendbaren Gesetzen
                                                                        vorgeschrieben verarbeitet werden.
Persönliche Daten, die während unserer Tätigkeit
                                                                        in der Volksrepublik China erfasst und generiert
                                                                        werden, werden in China gespeichert. Wenn
                                                                        bestimmte Produkte/Services die
                                                                        grenzüberschreitende Übertragung von
                                                                        persönlichen Daten beinhalten, werden wir
                                                                        persönliche Daten an die empfangende Partei
                                                                        außerhalb Chinas weitergeben, nachdem wir die
                                                                        gesetzlichen Verpflichtungen erfüllt haben (z.
                                                                        B. nach bestandener behördlicher
                                                                        Sicherheitsüberprüfung).
IX. Aktualisierungen dieser Erklärung
Huawei behält sich das Recht vor, diese
                                                                        Erklärung jederzeit zu aktualisieren. Die
                                                                        Erklärung kann von Zeit zu Zeit aktualisiert
                                                                        werden. Für die neueste Version besuchen Sie
                                                                        bitte unsere offizielle Website
                                                                        (
http://consumer.huawei.com
).
                                                                        Werden größere
                                                                        Änderungen an dieser Erklärung vorgenommen,
                                                                        können wir Sie über verschiedene Kanäle
                                                                        benachrichtigen, beispielsweise durch Posten
                                                                        eines Hinweises auf unserer Website oder
                                                                        direktes Senden einer Benachrichtigung.
X. Wie Sie uns erreichen
Wir haben eine Abteilung (oder Spezialisten),
                                                                        die sich dem Schutz persönlicher Daten widmet.
                                                                        Wenn Sie Fragen, Kommentare oder Anregungen
                                                                        haben, kontaktieren Sie uns bitte über die Seite
Fragen zum Datenschutz
unseres
                                                                        Online-Kundenservice oder über unsere weltweiten
                                                                        Niederlassungen. Eine vollständige Liste unserer
                                                                        Niederlassungen finden Sie auf der Seite
Kontakt
                                                                        Huawei
.
In der Regel erhalten Sie innerhalb von drei
                                                                        Arbeitstagen eine erste Antwort, und wir
                                                                        beantworten Ihre Fragen innerhalb des gesetzlich
                                                                        vorgeschriebenen Zeitrahmens. Wenn Sie mit
                                                                        unserer Antwort nicht zufrieden sind,
                                                                        insbesondere wenn Sie der Meinung sind, dass
                                                                        unsere Verarbeitung von persönlichen Daten Ihre
                                                                        gesetzlichen Rechte und Interessen verletzt hat,
                                                                        können Sie eine Beschwerde einreichen oder sich
                                                                        an die örtlichen Datenschutzbehörden wenden.
Hinweis
: Aufgrund der Unterschiede in den
                                                                        lokalen Gesetzen und Sprachen können die lokalen
                                                                        Versionen der
Huawei Consumer Business –
                                                                        Datenschutzerklärung
von dieser Version
                                                                        abweichen. Im Falle von Widersprüchen sind die
                                                                        lokalen Versionen maßgebend.
Copyright © Huawei Device Co., Ltd. 2023. Alle
                                                                        Rechte vorbehalten.
Letzte Aktualisierung: Dezember 2023
Du verlässt nun consumer.huawei.com
Wenn du auf den Link klickst, gelangst du auf die Website eines Dritten. HUAWEI ist nicht verantwortlich und hat keine Kontrolle über diese Drittanbieter-Website.
Zurück
Weiter
UVP steht für den unverbindlichen Verkaufspreis, der in der Regel durch den Hersteller bestimmt wird. Der UVP für HUAWEI Produkte wird von HUAWEI selbst festgelegt und dient lediglich als Referenz.
Sub-policy 8
https://consumer.huawei.com/uk/legal/privacy-questions/:
Accept cookies
Reject all
Cookie settings
Hide details
We use cookies and similar technologies that are necessary to enable basic functions of the website and to provide the service you request. If you agree, we'll also use cookies, which includes
first and third party cookies
, to analyze your online activities to improve the performance of our site and provide you with advertisements based on your unique identifier and online activities, as described in our
Cookie Policy
. You can change your choices at any time by clicking Cookie Settings located at the bottom of the site. To learn more about how and for what purposes we use personal information, please visit our
Privacy Notice
.
Cookies Preference Centre
Your Privacy
Essential Cookies
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. Essential cookies seldom collect and use any personal data, though they may contain an ID code which allows the website to distinguish you as an individual visitor from all other visitors on the website at the same time.
Name:
hwsso_login
Vendor:
huawei.com
Name:
hwsso_uniportal
Vendor:
huawei.com
Name:
agreed-huawei-cookiepolicy
Vendor:
consumer.huawei.com
Name:
JSESSIONID
Vendor:
consumer.huawei.com
Name:
cookieBannerOnOff
Vendor:
id-dre.dbankcdn.com
Name:
SESSION
Vendor:
api-de.c.huawei.com
Name:
consumer-tkbdownload-dg_ctkbfm_sticky
Vendor:
consumer-tkbdownload.huawei.com
Name:
agreed-huawei-cookiepolicy
Vendor:
consumer-res.huawei.com
Name:
qrCodeCreateTime
Vendor:
id7.cloud.huawei.com
Name:
cversion
Vendor:
id7.cloud.huawei.com
Name:
expiredTime
Vendor:
id7.cloud.huawei.com
Name:
cookieBannerOnOff
Vendor:
id7.cloud.huawei.com
Name:
qRCode
Vendor:
id7.cloud.huawei.com
Name:
cbg_price_mgr_sticky
Vendor:
cbg.huawei.com
Name:
JSESSIONID
Vendor:
cbg.huawei.com
Name:
HWSTORE-SESSION
Vendor:
itrinity-de.c.huawei.com
Name:
JSESSIONID
Vendor:
ccpc-de.consumer.huawei.com
Name:
CAS_THEME_NAME
Vendor:
id7.cloud.huawei.com
Name:
VERSION_NO
Vendor:
id7.cloud.huawei.com
Name:
JSESSIONID
Vendor:
ccpce-de.consumer.huawei.com
Name:
JSESSIONID
Vendor:
consumer-tkbdownload.huawei.com
Name:
JSESSIONID
Vendor:
id7.cloud.huawei.com
Name:
CookieInformationConsent
Vendor:
consumer.huawei.com
Name:
HWWAFSESTIME
Vendor:
consumer-img.huawei.com
Name:
HWSTORE-SESSION
Vendor:
.huawei.com
Name:
HWWAFSESTIME
Vendor:
consumer.huawei.com
Name:
cookies.js
Vendor:
consumer.huawei.com
Name:
ztsg_ruuid
Vendor:
.huawei.com
Name:
HWWAFSESID
Vendor:
consumer.huawei.com
Name:
HWWAFSESID
Vendor:
consumer-img.huawei.com
Analytical Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and learn how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. However, the third party providing these services, Google Analytics, will process your personal data in order to provide the aggregated data.
Name:
s_xxxx
Vendor:
consumer.huawei.com
Name:
scrollPercentage
Vendor:
consumer.huawei.com
Name:
_dc_gtm_UA-xxxxxxxx
Vendor:
huawei.com
Name:
_gat_xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Vendor:
huawei.com
Name:
_gclxxxx
Vendor:
huawei.com
Name:
_gid
Vendor:
huawei.com
Name:
s_xxxx
Vendor:
consumer-img.huawei.com
Name:
scrollPercentage
Vendor:
consumer-res.huawei.com
Name:
_ga_xxx
Vendor:
.consumer.huawei.com
Name:
prevpagetime
Vendor:
consumer.huawei.com
Name:
_gat_newhuaiweisupport
Vendor:
.huawei.com
Name:
_gac_UA-xxx-xxx
Vendor:
.huawei.com
Name:
_ga_xxx
Vendor:
consumer.huawei.com
Name:
prevScrollPercentage
Vendor:
consumer.huawei.com
Name:
_gid
Vendor:
.huawei.com
Name:
_gat
Vendor:
.huawei.com
Name:
_ga_xxx
Vendor:
.huawei.com
Name:
_dc_gtm_UA-xxx-xxx
Vendor:
.huawei.com
Name:
_ga
Vendor:
.huawei.com
Name:
_gcl_au
Vendor:
.huawei.com
Name:
starttime
Vendor:
consumer.huawei.com
Advertising Cookies
These cookies are set by our advertising partners. They are used to build a profile of your interests and show relevant ads on other websites, and to also allow you to ‘Like’ and ‘Share’ our content on social media. They do not directly store any personal information, but are based on data uniquely identifies your browser and internet device. Additionally, the third parties setting these cookies may link your personal data with your browsing behaviour if you are logged into their services at the time.
Name:
adcellbid_uk
Vendor:
huawei.com
Name:
Vendor:
www.facebook.com
Name:
CONSENT
Vendor:
youtube-nocookie.com
Name:
test_cookie
Vendor:
doubleclick.net
Name:
CONSENT
Vendor:
youtube.com
Name:
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE
Vendor:
youtube.com
Name:
YSC
Vendor:
youtube.com
Name:
anj
Vendor:
adnxs.com
Name:
uuid2
Vendor:
adnxs.com
Name:
_dlt
Vendor:
huawei.com
Name:
utm_source
Vendor:
huawei.com
Name:
adcellbid_expire
Vendor:
huawei.com
Name:
__qca
Vendor:
huawei.com
Name:
_dtm_trlnk_tracking_url
Vendor:
huawei.com
Name:
promoterID_expire
Vendor:
huawei.com
Name:
promoterID_uk
Vendor:
huawei.com
Name:
_fbp
Vendor:
huawei.com
Name:
adcell
Vendor:
huawei.com
Name:
cps_wi_uk
Vendor:
huawei.com
Name:
cps_id_uk
Vendor:
huawei.com
Name:
cps_wi
Vendor:
huawei.com
Name:
__Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN
Vendor:
.youtube.com
Name:
_fbp
Vendor:
.huawei.com
Name:
YSC
Vendor:
.youtube.com
Name:
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE
Vendor:
.youtube.com
Name:
GUID
Vendor:
.tradedoubler.com
Name:
IDE
Vendor:
.doubleclick.net
Name:
CMPS
Vendor:
.casalemedia.com
Name:
EH_0
Vendor:
.tradedoubler.com
Name:
CMID
Vendor:
.casalemedia.com
Name:
_gcl_aw
Vendor:
.huawei.com
Name:
uid
Vendor:
.fatmedia.io
Name:
test_cookie
Vendor:
.doubleclick.net
Name:
smc_ls_session
Vendor:
.huawei.com
Name:
VISITOR_PRIVACY_METADATA
Vendor:
.youtube.com
Name:
CMPRO
Vendor:
.casalemedia.com
Unclassified
We are in the process of classifying unclassified cookies together with the providers of the individual cookies.
Name:
GCL_AW_P
Vendor:
.googleadservices.com
Name:
HWWAFSESTIME
Vendor:
sgw-de.c.huawei.com
Name:
HWWAFSESID
Vendor:
ccpce-de.consumer.huawei.com
Name:
HWWAFSESTIME
Vendor:
img01.huaweifile.com
Name:
HWWAFSESTIME
Vendor:
itrinity-de.c.huawei.com
Name:
HWWAFSESTIME
Vendor:
ccpce-de.consumer.huawei.com
Name:
HWWAFSESID
Vendor:
celia-de.consumer.huawei.com
Name:
HWWAFSESTIME
Vendor:
iforum-de.c.huawei.com
Name:
HWWAFSESID
Vendor:
iforum-sg.c.huawei.com
Name:
HWWAFSESID
Vendor:
sgw-de.c.huawei.com
Name:
HWWAFSESID
Vendor:
itrinity-de.c.huawei.com
Name:
HWWAFSESTIME
Vendor:
celia-de.consumer.huawei.com
Name:
HWWAFSESTIME
Vendor:
iforum-sg.c.huawei.com
Name:
HWWAFSESID
Vendor:
img01.huaweifile.com
Name:
fingerprint
Vendor:
.tangooserver.com
Name:
20001_venusConversationIdConfig
Vendor:
celia-de.consumer.huawei.com
Name:
_lgc|usrid15
Vendor:
ban.tangooserver.com
Name:
HWWAFSESID
Vendor:
iforum-de.c.huawei.com
We use cookies on this website. To learn in details about how we use cookies, please read
our full Cookie Policy
.
Our cookie settings are by default "inactive" apart from the essential cookies.
To keep the current settings, please click “Save and Close”. To activate all non-essential cookie groups, please click “Accept Cookies”.
To manage cookies by category, simply click on the tabs to the left, and set your preference in the upper right corner; then click "Save and Close" below.
You can revisit and change your settings at any time.
More Information
Save and Close
Analytical Cookies
Advertising Cookies
Celebrate HUAWEI Store's 5th Anniversary: Enjoy 10% Off and Special Rewards *
Shop Now
Close
Privacy Questions
Welcome to the Huawei Privacy Questions Portal. Here, you can exercise your data privacy rights and reach out to us with any questions regarding the processing of your personal data. To get started, please select your country/region and the product or service related to your enquiry.
We store your data securely, adhering to all relevant legal and regulatory requirements, to ensure optimal security and performance. We process and retain your data for up to six (6) years from the time we receive it through this portal, unless the applicable law mandates a different retention period, either longer or shorter.
For enquiries not related to your personal data, such as issues with a defective product, suggestions for improvement, or other questions or concerns, please call our service hotline.
Click here
to find the hotline number for your country/region.
Please fill in the following form to contact us
Europe
Africa
Asia Pacific
Europe
Latin America
Middle East
North America
Please select your region.
United Kingdom
Algeria(الجمهورية الجزائرية الديمقراطية الشعبية‎‎)
Botswana
Congo
Egypt(مصر)
Ethiopia
Ghana
Kenya
Mauritius
Morocco(المملكة المغربية‎)
Namibia
Nigeria
SouthAfrica
Tanzania
Tunisia(الجمهورية التونسية‎)
Uganda
Zambia
Australia
Azərbaycan
Bangladesh
Burma
Cambodia
中国
中國香港
India
Indonesia
日本
Казахстан (Русский)
Қазақстан (Қазақша)
한국
Киргизия
Laos
Malaysia
Монгол
Nepal
New Zealand
Philippines
Singapore
Sri Lanka
中國臺灣
Точикистон
ประเทศไทย
Türkmenistan
Узбекистан
Việt Nam
Andorra
Österreich
Беларусь
Belgique
Belgique
Bosna i Hercegovina
България
Hrvatska
Cyprus
České
Danmark
Estonia
Suomi
France
Deutsch
საქართველო
Ελλάδα
Magyarország
Iceland
Italia
Ireland
Israel(ישראל)
Latvia
Lietuva
Liechtenstein
Luxembourg
Malta
Moldova
Северна Македонија
Nederland
Norge
Polska
Portugal
România
Российская Федерация
San Marino
Srbija
Slovensko
España
Slovenia
Sverige
Schweiz
Suisse
Türkiye
Україна
United Kingdom
Vaticano
Argentina
Bolivia
Brasil
Chile
Colombia
Costa Rica
Dominicana
Ecuador
El Salvador
Guatemala
Honduras
Jamaica
México
Nicaragua
Panamá
Paraguay
Perú
Uruguay
Venezuela
Bahrain(مملكة البحرين)
Jordan‎‎(المملكة الأردنّيّة الهاشميّة)
Jordan‎‎(المملكة الأردنّيّة الهاشميّة)
Kuwait(الكويت)
Lebanon(لبنان‎)
Lebanon(لبنان‎)
Levant(المشرق)
Levant(المشرق)
Oman(سلطنة عمان)
Oman(سلطنة عمان)
Pakistan
Qatar(قطر‎)
Qatar(قطر‎)
Saudi(العربية)
United Arab Emirates(اللغة العربية)
Canada
Please select your country.
Please select what your enquiry is about* *
Change
Huawei Mobile Services
Huawei ID, Health, Cloud, AppGallery, AppAdviser, Themes, Video, IAP, Music, Wallet, etc.
E-Commerce
Online shopping, forum.
Local Huawei Sales, Promotion and Repair Services
Presales, cashback, lottery, social media, official website, hotline, online chat, email, and on-site repair, etc.
Device
Terminal Device, EMUI, Mobile phone, Tablet, Wearable device(Watch/Band), PC, WiFi router, etc.
Continue
Issue type *
Change
After-sales service, Product faults, Recommendations, Queries, Complaints, etc.
Privacy issue inquiry
Privacy issue complaint
Execution of data subject rights
Data breach incident report
Other privacy issues
Contact DPO
Contact the designated representative
Continue
Change
I want to use my data privacy rights or to ask about the processing of my personal data
I have a HUAWEI ID:
If you have a HUAWEI ID,
Please click here
to use your rights.
I want to submit my privacy request using an online form
I don’t have a HUAWEI ID:
I want to submit my privacy request using an online form
I want to report a data breach.
If you suspect that your personal data has been unlawfully leaked, destroyed, changed, stored or transmitted due to a security breach on our side.
I want to contact the Data Protection Officer.
I want to object to wifi crowdsourcing
I have another question or request, not related to privacy.
e.g. recover password or change Huawei ID phone number or email address.
• For "Recover password" or "Change account " requests, please use the self-service function in your HUAWEI ID/Account center/Security center.
• If the self-service function does not resolve your issue, please
call service hotline
or submit your request by using the form below.
For more information about how we process your data and about your rights in relation to Huawei Mobile Services, please read the
privacy statements
of Huawei Mobile Services. For information about the processing of your data submitted via this portal, please refer to the
Statement About Customer Support and Privacy
.
Aspiegel SE, 3rd floor, Mespil Court, Mespil Road, Ballsbridge, Dublin 4, D04 E516, Ireland.
Huawei Services (Hong Kong) Co., Limited, Room 03, 9/F, Tower 6, The Gateway, No.9 Canton Road, Tsim Sha Tsui, Kowloon, Hong Kong
Continue
In order to help us process your request or to answer your questions, please describe your request, issue, or question in detail.
Enquire *
Please enter a valid email address.
Email *
Please fill in your Huawei ID account.
HUAWEI ID *
Email address or phone number used for registering HUAWEI ID. You can find it on your mobile device by going to Settings > HUAWEI ID
Verification Code *
Submit
In order to provide network location services, we may collect certain information about Wi-Fi routers detected by your device if you have enabled Location Services. This involves collecting and storing information such as, the MAC addresses of Wi-Fi routers as well as their corresponding locations, so we can use that information to estimate the location of the device (for the purpose of providing network location services). We only use this information for providing network location services and do not use it to identify the owners of the Wi-Fi access points. However, if you do not want information about your personal Wi-Fi router to be included in our crowdsourced database, you may opt out by adding text "_nomap" to the end of your Wi-Fi network's name.
Back
Leaving consumer.huawei.com
After clicking the link, you will enter a third-party website. Huawei is not responsible and has no control over this third party website.
Return
Continue
Sub-policy 9
https://www.adjust.com/terms/privacy-policy/:
English
日本語
Deutsch
Privacy policy
CCPA
Privacy policy
Last modified: October 2024
Adjust GmbH including all of its affiliates (collectively, "Adjust" or "We") respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy. With this privacy policy, we would like to inform you how we process your personal data.
The data controller according to art. 4 European General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR") is Adjust GmbH, Saarbrücker Str. 37a, 10405 Berlin, managing directors are Andrey Kazakov and Egor Lukomsky.
Responsible for data processing in contracts with your respective contractual partner:
●      Adjust GmbH, Germany
●      Adjust Software Ltd, United Kingdom
●      Adjust Inc., United States
●      Adjust K.K., Japan
●      Adjust Beijing, China
●      Adjust Brasil Licenciamento de Software Ltda., Brazil
If one of our subsidiaries is the data controller and the registered office is outside the EU, its EU Representative is Adjust GmbH, Saarbrücker Str. 37A, 10405 Berlin, Germany
If the data processing is subject to the UK GDPR and a UK Representative is required this is Adjust Software Ltd, 90 High Holborn, Holborn, London, WC1V 6LJ, United Kingdom
In case of any questions relating to data protection, please get in touch with us at
privacy@adjust.com
.
Our external Data Protection Officer is ePrivacy GmbH, represented by Prof. Dr. Christoph Bauer, Burchardstrasse 14, 20095 Hamburg. If you wish to communicate directly with our Data Protection Officer (because you have a particularly sensitive matter for example), please send your request to them by post. Please state in your request that your concern relates to the company Adjust GmbH.
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Website. This policy may change from time to time (see Changes to our Privacy Policy). If you are a California resident, please also review our California Resident Privacy Notice ("CCPA").
1. Collection and Use of Data
Term
Personal data is all information relating to personal and objective circumstances through which a person may be personally identified. This may for example entail information such as your name, address or other contact details such as phone number or e-mail address.
Intended Use
We base the processing of your data on the following legal bases:
●      Your consent, if you have given us such consent (art. 6 para. 1 lit. a) GDPR),
●      The initiation or execution of a contract with you (art. 6 para. 1 lit. b) GDPR),
●      The fulfilment of legal obligations (art. 6 para. 1 lit. c) GDPR),
●      The implementation of our legitimate interests (art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) GDPR)
When processing your data on the basis of art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) GDPR, we pursue the following legitimate interests:
●      To present and improve our website
●      To estimate the size of our target group and their user pattern
●      To save information about your preferences so that we may adapt our website to your individual interests
●      To speed up your search
●      To recognize you when you return to our website
Furthermore, with this information we will be able to ensure the stability and security of our website.
How We Use Your Information
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:
●      To present our Website and its contents to you
●      To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us
●      For marketing and advertising purposes
●      To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection
●      To notify you about changes to our Website or any products or services we offer or provide through it and to help us understand how the Website is being used (website analysis)
●      for other purposes that we specifically explain to you prior to collecting your information.
We may also use your information to contact you about goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you do not want us to use your information in this way, you may elect to unsubscribe and we will cease using your information in that manner.
Children Under the Age of 13
Our Website is not intended for children under 13 years of age. No one under age 13 may provide any personal information to the Website. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are under 13, do not use or provide any information on this Website or on or through any of its features/register on the Website, make any purchases through the Website, use any of the interactive or public comment features of this Website or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address or any screen name or user name you may use. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at Adjust GmbH, Saarbrücker Str. 37a, 10405 Berlin, Germany, via email at
privacy@adjust.com
.
This privacy policy and the CARU icon shown on our websites and online services, confirm that Adjust, Inc. is a valid licensee and participating member in the CARU Safe Harbor Program (“CARU Safe Harbor”).  To protect your privacy, we have voluntarily undertaken this privacy initiative.  CARU has reviewed and certified that we meet established online information collection and use practices on all Adjust’s websites and online services where this privacy policy is posted.
As part of the CARU Safe Harbor, we are subject to audits and frequent monitoring of our websites and online services and other enforcement and accountability mechanisms administered independently by CARU.
If you believe that we have not responded to your inquiry or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed, please contact CARU at:
CARU Safe Harbor
Attn: Director
1676 International Drive #550
McLean, Virginia 22102
InfoCaru@bbbnp.org
PLEASE NOTE: CARU is not a data controller or a data processor for Adjust, Inc. and cannot process personal data requests made pursuant to CCPA. Please direct your personal data request directly to Adjust, Inc, through the link in our privacy policy under “Your California Privacy Rights”.
From whom we receive your information
We receive the information from you (including about the devices you use). In addition, if we do not collect the personal data directly from you, we will also tell you the source of the personal data and, if applicable, whether it comes from publicly available sources.
Information We Collect About You
We collect several types of information from and about users who visit our Website via internet connection or through your device which you use to access our Website, including certain user details. Such information includes:
●      Traffic data
●      Location
●      Server logs
●      Resources on our website which you access and use
●      IP address, operating system and browser type
and information which is collected through cookies, web-beacons and other tracking technologies.
Furthermore, we are processing data with which you may be personally identified such as your name, postal address, e-mail address, phone number and any other identifier with which you may be contacted online or offline ('personal data') insofar as you provide us with this data in our online form. Keep in mind that we also handle correspondence and process data to that respect.
Technologies, which we use on this website
The technologies we use for this data processing may include:
●      Cookies (or browser cookies). We, and businesses we work with, require cookies for some features of our website. Cookies are small files that your browser places on your device in a designated directory. These cookies can be used to determine, for example, whether you have visited a website before. They are deleted after the end of your visit. Other cookies ("persistent cookies") are automatically deleted after a specified period, which may vary depending on the cookie. You can delete cookies at any time in the security settings of your browser and object to the use of cookies through your browser settings. Please note that disabling cookies may result in restrictions when using our website.
●      Web Beacons. Pages of our Website and our e-mails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags and single-pixel gifs) that permit Adjust, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an e-mail and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
●      Log files. Every time you access our Internet pages, your usage data is transmitted through the respective internet browser and stored in log files, the so-called server log files. The records stored in this case contain the following data: domain and location from which the user is accessing the website.
Information You Provide to Us
The information we collect on or through our Website may include:
●      Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Website. This includes information provided at the time of subscribing to our newsletter, subscribing to our service, or requesting further services. We may also ask you for information when you report a problem with our Website or the Adjust technology,
●      Records and copies of your correspondence (including e-mail addresses), if you contact us,
●      Details of transactions you carry out through our Website and of the fulfillment of your orders. You may be required to provide financial information before placing an order through our Website,
●      Details of Website searches and button clicks are also recorded.
You also may provide information to be published or displayed (hereinafter, "posted") on public areas of the Website, or transmitted to other users of the Website or third parties (collectively, "User Contributions"). Your User Contributions are posted on and transmitted to others at your own risk. Although you may set certain privacy settings for such information by logging into your account profile, please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. Additionally, we cannot control the actions of other users of the Website with whom you may choose to share your User Contributions. Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that your User Contributions will not be viewed by unauthorized persons.
Third-party Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Some third parties may use cookies alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use our website. The information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services. They may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content.
Automated decision making (including profiling)
Automated decision-making - including profiling - does not take place.
Requirement or Obligation to Provide Data
Unless this is expressly stated, the provision of your data is not required or obligatory.
Duration of Retention of Data
We store your data:
●      If you have consented to the processing, at the latest until you withdraw your consent,
●      If we need the data to carry out a contract, at most as long as the contractual relationship with you or statutory retention periods are running,
●       if we process the data for the fulfillment of a legal obligation, at most for as long as the legal obligation exists,
●      If we use the data on the basis of a legitimate interest, at most as long as your interest in deletion or anonymization does not prevail.
Disclosure of Your Information
We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.
We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this privacy policy:
●      To our subsidiaries and affiliates for the sole purpose of providing our services.
●      To contractors, service providers and other third parties we use to support our business:
●      Provider of web analysis tools,
●      Web hosting and web development providers,
●      Marketing and advertising service providers,
●      E-mail and newsletter provider,
●      Service provider for editing and translations,
●      CRM system service provider,
●      Cloud services,
●      Payment service provider,
●      Conference and Webinar Software,
●      Service provider for online surveys,
●      Service provider for chat software,
●      Social media platforms.
●      To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all of Adjust's assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by Adjust about our Website users is among the assets transferred.
●      To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it.
●      For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
●      With your consent.
We may also disclose your personal information:
●      To comply with any court order, law or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request,
●      To enforce or apply our
terms of use
and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes,
●      If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Adjust, our customers or others.
Unless otherwise stated herein, your personal data will be processed on our servers. If we have commissioned technical service providers, they will only process the data after having received express instructions and they are contractually obliged to guarantee adequate technical and organizational measures for data protection. Insofar as we refer to integrated services of other providers in this privacy policy, it can be assumed that personal data will be transmitted to the specified headquarters of these providers. These providers may be based in a so-called third country outside the European Economic Area.
Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:
●      Changing the browser settings. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this Website may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
●      Consent Banners (“CMP”). You can grant and manage your cookie and consent preferences via the consent banner provided. Please note that we base the setting or processing of personal data using cookies on your consent in accordance with art. 6 para. 1 lit. a) GDPR, sec. 25 para. 1 TTDSG. In the case of cookies, which are absolutely necessary to make the website available properly, we base the setting of cookies on sec 25 para. 2 No. 2 TTDSG or the processing of personal data on our legitimate interest in accordance with art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) GDPR to make our website available and to ensure this and its functionality and user-friendly design.
●      Opt-out. You may "opt out" of receiving marketing or promotional emails from us by following the instructions in those emails. If you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as emails about your accounts or our ongoing business relations
●      We do not control third parties' collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising. However, these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way. You can opt out of receiving targeted ads from, for example, members of the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI") on the NAI's
website
.
How we protect Your Data
●      We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration and disclosure. All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers behind firewalls. All transactions, regardless of their nature, are encrypted using SSL technology.
●      The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.
●      Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Website. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website.
●      Transfer between subsidiaries: We may transfer user and customer information to our affiliates and to third party providers for the sole purpose of providing our services.
Newsletter
If you subscribe to our newsletter, we will process your e-mail address and data to verify your subscription. You can cancel your subscription at any time by sending a message to us or by clicking the 'unsubscribe' button in every email.
Your rights according to the GDPR
As the data subject, you have the right of access (art 15 GDPR), the right to rectification (art 16 GDPR), the right to erasure of your personal data (art 17 GDPR), the right to restriction of and object to the processing of your personal data (art 18 GDPR and art. 21 GDPR) as well as the right to data portability (art 20 GDPR). Furthermore, you have the option to file a complaint against the processing of your personal data with  a supervisory authority (for example, the data protection authority responsible for us, which is the Berliner Beauftragte für Datenschutz und Informationsfreiheit at
https://www.datenschutz-berlin.de/
, Art. 77 GDPR).
If you have given your consent to the processing of your data, you can withdraw the given consent at any time (art.7 para.3 GDPR) by sending us an email to
privacy@adjust.com
.  The withdrawal of consent shall not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
You can object to the processing of your personal data insofar as we base the processing of your personal data on our legitimate interests. This is the case in particular if the processing is not necessary for the fulfilment of a contractual obligation to you, which we in each case present in the description of the functions which follow. In case of such objection, we kindly ask for an explanation of the reasons for the objection against the processing of your personal data. In the case of your justified objection, we will examine the situation and will either discontinue or adapt the data processing or point out to you our compelling legitimate reasons based on which we continue the processing your personal data.
Of course, you can object to the processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes at any time.
In this case, please send an e-mail to
privacy@adjust.com
.
Your California Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident, please review our
California Resident Privacy Notice
("CCPA") for information regarding your California privacy rights.
Transfer to Third Countries
If personal data is being transferred to countries outside the European Economic Area, we only transfer it to third countries where the EU Commission has confirmed an adequate level of protection or where we can ensure the careful handling of personal data by means of contractual agreements (Standard Contract Clauses) or other suitable guarantees, such as certifications or proven compliance with international security standards. Information on this is available from us upon request.
Data Privacy Framework
Adjust Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Adjust Inc. has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) Program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, Adjust Inc. commits to cooperate and comply with the advice of the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF. We are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC).
For complaints regarding DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms, you have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration. Further information can be found on the official DPF website.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, Adjust Inc. commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF should first contact Adjust Inc. at:
privacy@adjust.com
If you are an EU individual, where we transfer your personal data to third party servicer providers (see below) who perform services for us or on our behalf, we are responsible for the processing of that data by them and shall remain liable if they process your personal data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
Choice: If personal data covered by this Privacy Policy is to be used for a new purpose that is materially different from that for which the personal data was originally collected or subsequently authorized, or is to be disclosed to a non-agent third party in a manner not specified in this Policy, Adjust will provide you with an opportunity to choose whether to have your personal data so used or disclosed. Requests to opt out of such uses or disclosures of Personal Data should be sent to us at
privacy@adjust.com
2. Tracking Technologies on our Website
Google Analytics
We use the Google Analytics service of the provider Google Ireland Limited Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland on our website.
Google Analytics is a web analytics service that allows us to collect and analyze data about the behavior of visitors to our website. Google Analytics uses cookies for this purpose, which enable an analysis of the use of our website. This involves processing of personal data in the form of online identifiers (including cookie identifiers), IP addresses, device identifiers and information about interaction with our website.
Some of this data is information that is stored in the terminal device you are using. In addition, further information is also stored on your end device via the cookies used. Such storage of information by Google Analytics or access to information that is already stored in your terminal device only takes place with your consent.
Google Ireland will process the data collected in this way on our behalf in order to evaluate the use of our website by the users, to compile reports on the activities within our website and to provide us with further services associated with the use of our website and the use of the internet. In doing so, pseudonymous usage profiles of the users can be created from the processed data.
The personal data processed on our behalf to provide Google Analytics may be transferred to any country in which Google Ireland or Google Ireland's sub-processors maintain facilities. Please note the information in the section "Data transfer to third countries".
In addition to the option to reject Google Analytics in our Consent Banner, you can also prevent the collection of data generated by the cookie and related to your use of the website (including your IP address) to Google and the processing of this data by Google by downloading and installing the browser plugin available at the following link:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
.
We only use Google Analytics with IP anonymization enabled. This means that the IP address of the user is shortened by Google Ireland within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states of the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the IP address be transferred to Google on a server in the USA and shortened there. The IP address transmitted by the user's browser is not merged with other data. You can find Google's privacy policy here:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
.
We use the Google Analytics 4 variant, which allows us to track interaction data from different devices and from different sessions. This allows us to put individual user actions in context and analyze long-term relationships.
The data about user actions are stored for a period of 14 months and then automatically deleted. All other event data is stored for 2 months and are then automatically deleted. Thereby, the deletion of the data whose storage period has expired takes place automatically once a month.
Google Ads
We use the online advertising program Google Ads of Google Ireland, Limited Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland (“Google”) on our website, through which we place advertisements on the Google search engine. When you access our website via a Google ad, Google sets a cookie on your terminal device ("conversion cookie"). In the process, a different conversion cookie is assigned to each Google Ads customer, so that the cookies are not tracked across the websites of different Ads customers. The information obtained with the help of the cookie is used to create conversion statistics. This tells us the total number of users who clicked on one of our Google ads. However, we do not receive any information with which users can be personally identified. When using the service, a transfer of your data to the USA cannot be excluded. Please note the information in the section "Data transfer to third countries". You can find Google's privacy policy here:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
.
Google Remarketing
We also use the Google Analytics advertising features (remarketing) from Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland. This function enables us, in conjunction with the cross-device functions of Google, to display advertisements in a more targeted manner and to present users with ads that are tailored to their interests. Via the remarketing, users are shown ads and products for which interest has been identified on other websites in the Google network. The function allows us to link advertising target groups created via Google Analytics Remarketing with the cross-device functions of Google Ads. In this way, interest-based, personalized advertising messages that have been adapted to a user depending on previous usage and surfing behavior on an end device (e.g. cell phone) can also be displayed on another end device of the user (e.g. tablet or PC).
If you have given your consent, Google will link your web and app browsing history with your Google account for this purpose. In this way, the same personalized advertising messages can be placed on every end device on which you log in with your Google account. The aggregation of the collected data in your Google account is based solely on your consent, which you can give or withdraw at Google. For these linked services, data is then collected via Google Analytics for advertising purposes. To support the remarketing function, Google Analytics collects users' Google-authenticated IDs, which are temporarily linked to our Google Analytics data. This is used to define and create target groups for cross-device ad advertising.
Privacy policy of Google:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
Further information and setting options for personalized advertising at Google can be found here:
https://support.google.com/My-Ad-Center-Help/answer/12155451?hl=en&sjid=174251308182856932-EU
.
Google Signals
We use the Signals feature of Google Analytics, a service provided by Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland. Google Signals recognises individual users using different devices (so-called cross-device tracking). We only receive anonymous data in the form of a report that shows patterns in user behaviour. Google Signals helps us to better understand how visitors interact with our website and to show more meaningful and personalized ads to these visitors after leaving our website.
For this, session data is being processed and linked with website visitors that
• have a Google account;
• are logged in to their Google account when they access the corresponding website; and
• have turned on the “Ads personalization” feature in their Google account.
If you do not wish to be subject to the Signals feature, you can deactivate the “Ads personalization” feature in your Google account.
The privacy policy of Google can be found here:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Meta Pixel (formerly known as Facebook Pixel)
We use the "visitor action pixels" from Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland ("Meta") on our website. This allows user behavior to be tracked after they have been redirected to our website by clicking on a Facebook ad. This enables us to measure the effectiveness of Facebook ads for statistical and market research purposes. The data collected in this way is anonymous to us, i.e. we do not see the personal data of individual users. However, this data is stored and processed by Meta, which is why we are informing you, based on our knowledge of the situation. Meta may link this information to your Facebook account and also use it for its own promotional purposes, in accordance with
Facebook's Data Usage Policy
. You can allow Meta and its partners to place ads on and off Facebook. A cookie may also be stored on your computer for these purposes. You can object to the collection of your data by Meta pixel, or to the use of your data for the purpose of displaying Facebook ads in your account-settings. You can find Meta's privacy policy here:
https://de-de.facebook.com/privacy/policy/?entry_point=data_policy_redirect&entry=0
.
LinkedIn Insight Tag
The LinkedIn Insight Tag is a piece of lightweight JavaScript code that we have added to our websites to enable in-depth campaign reporting and to help us unlock valuable insights about our website visitors. The LinkedIn Insight Tag is offered by LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland. We use the LinkedIn Insight Tag to track conversions, retarget website visitors, and unlock additional insights about members interacting with our LinkedIn adverts. The LinkedIn Insight Tag enables the collection of metadata such as IP address information, timestamp, and events such as page views. All data is encrypted. The LinkedIn browser cookie is stored in a visitor's browser until they delete the cookie or the cookie expires. You can opt out of cookies from LinkedIn on your
LinkedIn settings page
and recommend you read their
Cookie Policy
for more information. ​​You can find LinkedIn's privacy policy here:
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
.
Marketing Cloud Account Engagement (formerly Salesforce Pardot)
Marketing Cloud Account Engagement is a B2B marketing automation tool by Salesforce, which we use to keep customers informed about upcoming events, product updates/ new features, etc. This marketing tool is embedded in our website for general marketing purposes, including e-mail, social media, digital ads, web management and analytics. For this marketing tool, we use cookies to identify you when you visit and re-visit our website. With this tool we track different data points when you are using our website in order to improve the website content we provide to you as well as to improve our marketing campaigns and make their content more relevant for you. For more information on Salesforce's privacy policy, you can find their privacy policy here:
https://www.salesforce.com/company/privacy/
.
Hotjar
Hotjar Ltd. Dragonara Business Centre, 5th Floor, Dragonara Road, Paceville St Julian’s STJ 3141, Malta, provides a service which analyses the online behavior of website users by combining analytics and feedback tools.
Hotjar will collect and process your IP address when you navigate through and interact with the contents of our website and to evaluate the use of Adjust Dashboard. The sole purpose for passively collecting this information is by means of the website analysis to improve your experience when using our website and Adjust Dashboard. Hotjar offers information on how users can stop the analysis:
https://www.hotjar.com/policies/do-not-track/
. You can find Hotjar's privacy policy here:
https://www.hotjar.com/legal/policies/privacy/
Drift
Drift Inc., 222 Berkeley Street, Suite 600, Boston, MA 02116, USA, is providing a conversation-driven marketing platform. We have implemented Drift’s chatbot tool on our website in order to engage and communicate with website visitors interested in our services. For this, Drift records conversation data, IP address and contact information. Drift's privacy policy can be found here:
https://www.drift.com/privacy-policy/
.
Microsoft Advertising
We use Universal Event Tracking (UET) on our website via the Microsoft Advertising service of Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited, One Microsoft Place, South County Business Park, Leopardstown, Dublin 18, Ireland. Via UET, Microsoft stores a cookie in the user's browser to enable an analysis of the use of our online offer. The prerequisite for this is that the user has reached our website via an advertisement from Microsoft Advertising. In this way, we and Microsoft can recognise that someone has clicked on an ad, has been redirected to our online offer and has reached a previously determined target page (conversion measurement). No IP addresses are stored in this process. No further personal information about the identity of the user is communicated either.
For more information on data protection at Microsoft, please refer to Microsoft's privacy statement at
http://privacy.microsoft.com/en/privacystatement
. Microsoft offers the opportunity to opt out under
https://account.microsoft.com/privacy/ad-settings/signedout?lang=en-US
.
6sense
We use 6sense, a marketing automation software on our website. The service is provided by 6sense Insights, Inc., 450 Mission Street, San Francisco, CA 94105, United States. 6sense enables us to identify and target B2B prospects who have shown interest in our services. This allows us to optimize and improve our marketing strategy.
The data shared with 6sense includes cookie and other online identifiers, names, email addresses, phone numbers, social media contact information, company names, customer status, industry and job descriptions, websites visited, location information, and commercial interests. We process this data based on your consent as well as based on our commercial marketing interests. You can find more information about the data processed by 6sense in their privacy policy at
https://6sense.com/privacy-policy/
.
G2
We use G2 Track Your Prospects, a marketing analytics service on our website. The service is provided by
G2.com
, Inc., 100 S. Wacker Drive, Chicago, IL 60606, United States. G2 allows us to identify and target B2B prospects who have shown interest in our services to optimize and improve our marketing strategy.
The data shared with G2 includes the data collected by Google Analytics as well as data about your activity on our website as well as on the G2 website, namely cookie and other online identifiers, information stored in your G2 profile, information about your industry, customer status, websites visited and website usage information, location information, and likely commercial interests. We process this data based on your consent as well as based on our commercial marketing interests. You can find more information about the data processed by G2 in their privacy policy at
https://legal.g2.com/privacy-policy
.
Appzi
We use Appzi, a website visitor feedback collection tool on our website. The service is provided by Appzi, Inc., 2035 Sunset Lake Road, Newark, DE 19702, United States. Appzi allows us to collect feedback from website visitors. The data collected by Appzi includes the feedback provided by website visitors as well as information about your system (non-precise location, device type, operating system, browser type, screen resolution, URL visited). We process this data based on your consent as well as based on our commercial marketing interests. You can find more information about the data processed by Appzi in their privacy policy at
https://www.appzi.com/privacy
.
Demandbase
We use Demandbase, an account-based marketing service, on our website. The service is provided by Demandbase, Inc., 222 2nd St., 24th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94105, USA. Demandbase enables us to identify and target B2B prospects who have shown interest in our services. This allows us to optimize and improve our marketing strategy.
The data shared with Demandbase includes contact details of our clients and prospects (first and last name, company name, title, email. address(es), phone number(s), business address.) and website traffic data collected via Demandbase Tag (IP address, cookie ID, HTTP header, website engagement information). We process this data based on your consent as well as based on our commercial marketing interests. You can find more information about the data processed by Demandbase in their privacy policy at
https://www.demandbase.com/privacy/.
3. Other Recipients
Cookiebot
We use the consent technology of Usercentrics A/S, Havnegade 39, 1058 Copenhagen, Denmark (hereinafter "Cookiebot") to obtain consent for the storage of certain cookies on your terminal device or for other actions requiring consent and to document and manage these in accordance with data protection laws. The purpose of the data processing is the analysis, management and proof of the consents granted, in order to comply with our obligation of a GDPR-compliant consent management.
When you access our websites, a connection is established to the servers of Cookiebot in order to obtain your consent and other declarations regarding the use of cookies. Cookiebot then stores a cookie in your browser in order to be able to assign the consents granted to you or their withdrawal. The data collected in this way is stored until you request us to delete it, delete the Cookiebot cookie yourself or the purpose for storing the data no longer applies. Mandatory legal storage obligations remain unaffected.
Among other things, your IP address (in anonymized form, the last 3 digits are set to 0), the date and time of your consent, our website URL, technical browser data, an encrypted anonymous key and the cookies you have allowed (as proof of consent) are processed.
The privacy policy of Cookiebot can be found here:
https://www.cookiebot.com/en/privacy-policy/
Gong
In our sales activities, we use the "Gong" service of Gong.io Inc., 265 Cambridge Ave, Suite 60717, Palo Alto, CA 94306, USA. We use Gong to record, transcribe and analyse video conferences between our sales staff and you. The service is used exclusively with your consent for the purpose of employee training. You will find Gong's Privacy Policy at
https://www.gong.io/privacy-policy
.
Facebook Lead Ads
We use Facebook Lead Ads from Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland. Users may submit their contact information to us through certain advertisements, which we then process for promotional and advertising purposes. For more information visit:
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
.
LinkedIn Lead Gen Forms
LinkedIn, meaning LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Irland, offers Ads that allow people to submit their contact and other information to us ("Lead Gen Forms").  We process the data transmitted to us for advertising purposes. You entered data will also be processed by LinkedIn. For more information visit:
https://linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
.
Amplitude
Amplitude is an analysis service of Amplitude Inc., 201 3rd Street, Suite 200, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA. This tool collects technical information, such as the type of your device (e.g., iPhone 7 or the operating system used (e.g., iOS 10.3). In addition, Amplitude tracks location data (e.g. country) and internal data (e.g. language, server upload time, session ID) that occur when using our Adjust Dashboard. Such events may, for example, be how long you were logged into our Dashboard and from which country. In other words, Amplitude helps us understand how you use our Dashboard so we can improve the experience. You will find additional information about the manner in which Amplitude processes data at:
https://amplitude.com/privacy
.
Rollbar
To better understand any possible errors in the source code of our dashboard, we share some data from our dashboard users with Rollbar, Inc., 665 3rd St Ste 150, San Francisco, California, 94107, USA. These data include the dashboard user's name, email address, and device information, such as a description of the error or bug the dashboard user experienced while using the dashboard. For further information please refer to Rollbar's privacy policy at
https://docs.rollbar.com/docs/privacy-policy
.
Pendo
Pendo is an analysis service of Pendo.io Inc. 301 Hillsborough Street, Suite 1900, Raleigh, NC 27603, USA that we use to evaluate the use of our Adjust Dashboard, generate reports on activities, analyze behavioral metrics and improve the experience. The tool collects the Adjust Dashboard user name, email-address, country and region as well as usage data when using our Adjust Dashboard. You can find more information in Pendo's privacy policy at
www.pendo.io/legal/privacy-policy/
.
Facebook Page
We operate a Facebook page (so-called "Fanpage") on Facebook, a service of Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd, 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2,
Meta collects and uses data to provide analytics services, known as "page insights," to site operators to help them gain insight into how people interact with their sites and the content associated with them. This data includes information about the types of content users view or interact with, or the actions they take, as well as information about the devices users use, such as IP addresses, operating system, browser type, language settings, cookie data.
We are jointly responsible with Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd. for the collection and processing of data of visitors to our Fanpage. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interest in improving the user experience when visiting our Fanpage, in effective promotional activities using social media and communication about specific products, and measuring and adjusting such activities., art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) DSGVO. We have therefore concluded a joint controller agreement with Meta regarding the processing of your data pursuant to Art. 26 DSGVO. The agreement with Meta also regulates in particular which security measures Meta must observe and that Meta must fulfill the data subject rights.
You can find more information about page insights as well as information on how to assert your data subject rights in the "
Information on page insights
". You can view the terms and conditions of the contract concluded with Meta
here
. You can find Meta's privacy policy here:
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/policy/
LinkedIn Page
We operate a LinkedIn page on LinkedIn, a service of LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland.
LinkedIn collects and uses data to provide analytics services, known as "page insights", to site operators to help them understand how people interact with their pages and with the content associated with them. This data includes information about the types of content that users view or interact with, or the actions they take, as well as information about the devices used by users, such as IP addresses, operating system, browser type, language settings, cookie data.
We are jointly responsible with the LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company for the collection and processing of information about visitors to our page. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interest in improving the user experience when visiting our LinkedIn Page, in effective promotional activities using social media and communication about specific products, and measuring and adjusting such activities, art. 6 para. 1 lit. f. GDPR. We have therefore concluded an agreement with LinkedIn on joint responsibility with regard to the processing of your data in accordance with art. 26 GDPR. In particular, the agreement with LinkedIn also regulates which security measures LinkedIn must observe and that LinkedIn must comply with the rights of data subjects.
You can find further information on the Page-Insights as well as instructions on how to assert your data subject rights in the privacy policy of LinkedIn (
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
). The terms of the agreement concluded with LinkedIn can be viewed here (
https://legal.linkedin.com/pages-joint-controller-addendum
).
4. Processing of data through the Adjust technology
We provide mobile analytics and attribution services to mobile app providers (our "Customers"). In connection with these services, we may process certain data from the users of these mobile apps (collectively the "End User" or "You"), as further described hereafter. We process the data upon instructions from our Customers and do not have any kind of direct relationship with the You as the End User.
Our SDK and APIs (collectively the "Adjust Technology") may process some of the following data from You as the End User:
●        IP address
●        Mobile identifiers such as the ID for Advertising for iOS (IDFA), Google Advertising ID or similar mobile identifiers
●        User Agent
●        Installation and first opening of an app on Your mobile device
●        Your interactions within an app (e.g. in-app purchases, registration)
●        Information regarding which advertisements You have seen or clicked on
●        For the Fraud product additionally: sensory data including touch events, counting text changes, accelerometer, gyroscope, battery, light sensor, device hardware specifications and operating system version
We use the aforementioned data for providing mobile analytics and attribution services to our Customers, and thereby allow our customers to measure their marketing performance, to match You to their campaigns and to understand how You engage with our Customers’ apps. Furthermore, we enable our Customers to measure Your interactions in their apps in real time in order to see how You engage over their full lifetime. The aforementioned data is therefore processed in order to analyze the performance of marketing campaigns and to provide performance reports to our Customers. We do not combine the data with any other data that would enable us to personally identify You. Any information processed via the Adjust Technology is owned and controlled by our Customer who has implemented the Adjust Technology into their mobile app.
We do not share or disclose the user data with anyone else except with our server providers and in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including national security or law enforcement requirements. We store the data as long as our Customers are using the Adjust Technology because we need it to provide our services to our Customers, if not requested otherwise by our Customers. In some cases, there is a transfer of data to third countries outside the European Union. This is done on the basis of statutory provisions that are intended to ensure an adequate level of protection for Your personal data. For more information, please contact us.
Customers who have
child-directed apps
must choose the appropriate product settings and must not share any personal data with Partners or any third parties. Customers must agree to the section in our
Terms and Conditions
accordingly.
5. Changes to Our Privacy Policy
It is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page. If we make material changes to how we treat our users' personal information, we will notify you through a notice on the Website home page. The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable e-mail address for you, and for periodically visiting our website and this privacy policy to check for any changes.
Sub-policy 10
https://aws.amazon.com/de/privacy/:
Wählen Sie Ihre Cookie-Einstellungen aus
Wir verwenden essentielle Cookies und ähnliche Tools, die für die Bereitstellung unserer Website und Services erforderlich sind. Wir verwenden Performance-Cookies, um anonyme Statistiken zu sammeln, damit wir verstehen können, wie Kunden unsere Website nutzen, und Verbesserungen vornehmen können. Essentielle Cookies können nicht deaktiviert werden, aber Sie können auf „Anpassen“ oder „Ablehnen“ klicken, um Performance-Cookies abzulehnen.
Wenn Sie damit einverstanden sind, verwenden AWS und zugelassene Drittanbieter auch Cookies, um nützliche Features der Website bereitzustellen, Ihre Präferenzen zu speichern und relevante Inhalte, einschließlich relevanter Werbung, anzuzeigen. Um alle nicht notwendigen Cookies zu akzeptieren oder abzulehnen, klicken Sie auf „Akzeptieren“ oder „Ablehnen“. Um detailliertere Entscheidungen zu treffen, klicken Sie auf „Anpassen“.
Akzeptieren
Ablehnen
Anpassen
Wir verwenden Cookies und ähnliche Tools (zusammen "Cookies") für folgende Zwecke.
Essenziell
Diese Cookies sind erforderlich, um unsere Website und Services bereitzustellen und können nicht deaktiviert werden. Sie werden in der Regel als Reaktion auf Ihre Aktionen auf der Website festgelegt, z. B. die Festlegung Ihrer Datenschutzeinstellungen, die Anmeldung oder das Ausfüllen von Formularen.
Leistung
Leistungs-Cookies stellen anonyme Statistiken darüber bereit, wie Kunden auf unserer Website navigieren, damit wir die Website-Erfahrung und -Leistung verbessern können. Zugelassene Dritte können Analysen in unserem Namen durchführen, die Daten aber nicht für ihre eigenen Zwecke verwenden.
Lesitungs-Cookies zulassen
Erlaubt
Funktional
Funktionale Cookies helfen uns dabei, nützliche Website-Funktionen bereitzustellen, Ihre Präferenzen zu speichern und relevante Inhalte anzuzeigen. Zugelassene Dritte können diese Cookies so einrichten, dass bestimmte Website-Funktionen bereitgestellt werden. Wenn Sie diese Cookies nicht zulassen, funktionieren einige oder alle dieser Services möglicherweise nicht ordnungsgemäß.
Funktionale Cookies zulassen
Erlaubt
Werbung
Diese Cookies können von uns oder unseren Werbepartnern über unsere Website gesetzt werden und uns helfen, relevante Marketinginhalte bereitzustellen. Wenn Sie diese Cookies nicht zulassen, werden Sie weniger relevante Werbung erleben.
Werbe-Cookies zulassen
Erlaubt
Das Blockieren einiger Arten von Cookies kann sich auf Ihre Erfahrung auf unseren Websites auswirken. Sie können Ihre Cookie-Einstellungen jederzeit ändern, indem Sie in der Fußzeile dieser Website auf Cookie-Einstellungen klicken. Um mehr darüber zu erfahren, wie wir und zugelassene Dritte Cookies auf unseren Websites verwenden, lesen Sie bitte unseren
AWS-Cookie-Hinweis.
Wir zeigen auf AWS-Websites und auf anderen Websites für Ihre Interessen relevante Werbung an, einschließlich kontextübergreifender verhaltensbezogener Werbung. Bei kontextübergreifender verhaltensbezogener Werbung werden Daten von einer Website oder App verwendet, um auf der Website oder App eines anderen Unternehmens für Sie zu werben.
Um kontextübergreifende verhaltensbasierte Werbung von AWS auf der Grundlage von Cookies oder ähnlichen Technologien nicht zuzulassen, wählen Sie unten „Nicht zulassen“ und „Datenschutzeinstellungen speichern“ oder besuchen Sie eine AWS-Website mit einem aktivierten, gesetzlich anerkannten Ablehnungssignal, wie z. B. Globale Datenschutzkontrolle. Wenn Sie Ihre Cookies löschen oder diese Website von einem anderen Browser oder Gerät aus besuchen, müssen Sie Ihre Auswahl erneut treffen. Weitere Informationen zu Cookies und ihrer Verwendung durch uns finden Sie in unserem
Hinweis zu AWS-Cookies
.
Kontextübergreifende Verhaltenswerbung
Zulassen
Nicht zulassen
Wenn Sie nicht alle anderen kontextübergreifenden Verhaltenswerbung von AWS-zulassen möchten,
, füllen Sie dieses Formular per E-Mail aus
.
Weitere Informationen darüber, wie AWS mit Ihren Daten umgeht, finden Sie im
AWS-Datenschutzhinweis
.
Wir speichern derzeit nur wichtige Cookies, da wir Ihre Cookie-Einstellungen nicht speichern konnten.
Wenn Sie Ihre Cookie-Einstellungen ändern möchten, versuchen Sie es später erneut über den Link in der Fußzeile der AWS-Konsole oder wenden Sie sich an den Support, wenn das Problem weiterhin besteht.
Überspringen zum Hauptinhalt
Amazon Web Services
Legal

Datenschutzhinweis
Get Started for Free
Create Free Account
Datenschutzhinweis
Die folgende Übersetzung dient ausschließlich Ihrer Information. Im Falle eines Konflikts oder eines Widerspruchs zwischen dieser übersetzten Fassung und der englischen Fassung (einschließlich infolge von Verzögerungen bei der Übersetzung) ist die englische Fassung maßgeblich.
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Malaysia
Deutsch
Español
Français
Italiano
Polish
Português
Ρусский
Türkçe
日本語
한국어
中文 (简体)
Der AWS Support für Internet Explorer endet am 07/31/2022. Unterstützte Browser sind Chrome, Firefox, Edge und Safari.
Weitere Informationen »