EMBER
Privacy Notice and Cookie Policy
Who we are and the type of data we collect from you
Welcome to our privacy notice and cookie policy.
We are E.P.H. Controls Limited (Company Registration Number: 261542) (“
Company
”) an Irish company whose registered address is situated at Sitecast Industrial Estate, Pouladuff, Co. Cork, Ireland and, as applicable, within the United Kingdom, our affiliated company is named EPH Controls Limited (Company Registration Number: 07162534) whose registered address is situated at 79 College Road, Harrow, HA1 1BD, England and we are the joint data processors under the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (“
GDPR
”).
This privacy notice is intended to advise you on how we collect and process information in compliance with the GDPR that may identify you (“personal data” in other words) when you use our website and/or sign up for our EMBER mobile application (“
Application
”).
We take our responsibilities under GDPR very seriously and you can contact us at the above address details by post, or you can contact our data protection representative at the following email address:
technical@ephcontrols.com
or, you can contact us via our Facebook page:
https://www.facebook.com/EPHEmber
In addition to the above, you can also contact us at the following Irish and UK telephone numbers respectively:
Republic of Ireland
: 00353 (0)21 434 6238
United Kingdom
: 0044 (0)1933 626396
The type of data we collect is:
a)
information that directly identifies you
. This may include your name, address, email address, username and password.
b)
information that indirectly identifies you
. We automatically receive and record information from your device or web browser when you interact with our website and the Application, so, for example your internet protocol (IP) address, mobile device ID, time zone setting, location data, language preference, operating system, platform, and links you have clicked on or shared with others, including through email and social media. We may also create a user ID that may similarly indirectly identify you. We may use this information to collect data about your activities on our sites and apps and on third-party sites, apps and platforms, such as Facebook. We may associate information that indirectly identifies you with your user account (if you have one) and other information we have collected about you.
c)
Location data
. We may collect geo-data, which tells us where you are, when we collect other information about you. We may also collect the language option or country you choose. We may link location data to other information we have collected about you.
d)
Profile data
. This may include your username and password and other information you give us (if you are a registered user), information you give us in connection with purchases or orders made by you, your interests, preferences, feedback and survey responses. We do not disclose email addresses to other users.
e)
Marketing and communications data
. This may include information about your subscriptions to our newsletters and your marketing preferences.
f)
Transaction and financial data
. We may collect or receive transactional and financial information relating to you when you buy something through our site and/or application (for example payment details).
Why we process your data, the lawful basis for processing your data and who we share it with
For people who view and interact with our website and Application, we process data:
to respond to your query when sent through our ‘contact us’ form
to sign up to our newsletter when you request subscription through our website
to receive one of our catalogues in the mail
when you register to receive our services via the Application
when you visit our website
The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interest in the administration and operation of our services as well as our legitimate interest in marketing and promoting our Company’s products and services. We always include an unsubscribe button in our communications, so you can opt out of receiving such communications at any time and you can delete the Application at any time you wish.
We share this data with our client relationship management system provider. They may only process this data for the purpose of providing us with their services, and no other purpose.
We will retain this data for as long as is legally permissible taking into account regulatory requirements and limitation periods for legal action, good practice and our own business purposes.
For our potential clients, we process data:
in order to market the services of our Company
to provide you with newsletters and/or brochures to which you have subscribed too, or ordered from us
The legal basis for the processing of this data is processing necessary for the purpose of the legitimate interests of our Company in promoting our services and/or products and we always include an unsubscribe button in our communications, so you can opt out of receiving such communications at any time.
We share information such as your name and email address with our newsletter services provider who sends out our newsletters. This provider is not permitted to use this data other than on our behalf.
We will retain this data for as long as is legally permissible taking into account regulatory requirements and limitation periods for taking legal action, good practice and our own business purposes.
For job applicants to the Company, we process data:
to recruit new employees
to ascertain their suitability for a specific role
The legal basis for this processing is processing necessary for the purpose of the legitimate interests of our Company in recruiting new staff. Please see the privacy notice in the job advertisement for further information about how we process applicant data.
We share the information you provide in your application with our contracted recruiter in order to make a shortlist of candidates. This recruiter is not permitted to use this data other than on our behalf. We may also send you emails about your application through our email service provider.
We will retain this data for as long as is legally permissible taking into account regulatory requirements and limitation periods for taking legal action, good practice and our own business purposes.
Transfers of data outside the European Economic Area
Your Personal Data may be transferred to, stored at, or accessed from a destination outside the European Economic Area (“
EEA
”) for the purposes of us providing our services or operating our website. It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or any of our suppliers. By submitting your personal data to us, you explicitly consent to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your personal data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
The safeguards in place with regard to the transfer of your personal data outside of the EEA are the entry by us into appropriate contracts with all transferees of such data.
Your rights relating to personal data
You have the following rights under the GDPR, in certain circumstances and subject to certain exemptions, in relation to your personal data:
right to access the data
- you have the right to request a copy of the personal data that we hold about you, together with other information about our processing of that personal data.
right to rectification
- you have the right to request that any inaccurate data that is held about you is corrected, or if we have incomplete information you may request that we update the information such that it is complete.
right to erasure
- you have the right to request us to delete personal data that we hold about you. This is sometimes referred to as the “right to be forgotten”.
right to restriction of processing or to object to processing -
you have the right to request that we no longer process your personal data for particular purposes, or to object to our processing of your personal data for particular purposes.
right to data portability
- you have the right to request us to provide you, or a third party, with a copy of your personal data in a structured, commonly used machine-readable format.
In order to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact us at the contact details at the start of this privacy notice.
If we are processing personal data based on your consent, you may withdraw that consent at any time. This does not affect the lawfulness of processing which took place prior to its withdrawal.
If you are unhappy with how we process personal data, we ask you to contact us so that we can rectify the situation. You may also lodge a complaint with Data Protection Commission, however, we do hope that if you first contact us direct, we can deal with your complaint in a manner that is fully to your satisfaction.
Requirement to process personal data
You may browse our website without providing us with any personal data and this will not affect your ability to view our website.  However, if you do not provide us with your information for the purposes described above, we cannot send your our newsletter or a brochure or respond to your queries sent through our contact us form, liaise with you generally or assess your suitability for a role within Company. Access to the Application itself always requires you to tick acceptance to our Terms and Conditions of Use and this Privacy Notice and Cookie Policy.
Automated decision-making and profiling
Please note that we do not use any personal data for the purpose of automated decision-making or profiling.
Cookies and how we use them
Cookies are small data text files that are sent from a server during a browsing session. Cookies are typically stored on your computer’s hard drive and are used by websites to simulate a continuous connection to that site.
The use of cookies automatically identifies your browser whenever you interact with a site. A “web beacon,” also known as a tag, pixel tag, or clear GIF, is used to transmit information back to a web server. When we talk about “cookies” in this privacy notice, we mean not just cookies, but web beacons and similar technologies.
Browsers and devices have tools that allow you to disable cookies on sites and apps. If you disable cookies you may not be able to access all the features of our services. We suggest that you keep our essential cookies (described below) active for a better user experience and to help us keep improving and developing our products and services.
We use what are called “essential cookies” to recognise you and remember you as a unique user. Cookies allow us to: serve you with content and ads; monitor traffic on our sites and apps; count and keep track of users who have seen particular ads and content; analyse your actions, see what you’re interested in and where you go online when you leave our site and application. By using your personal data in this way, we can improve our products and services and your experience of the same.
“Session cookies” remember you during your session on our site and application and they are deleted when you log out of the site and when you close your web browser.
“Analytics cookies” are used by us and by third parties who process data for us for data analytics purposes (for example Google Analytics) so that we can manage and improve the performance and design of our site and apps and for monitoring, auditing, research and reporting purposes.
“Consent cookies” may be used by consent management tools we employ to allow us to record your preferences about third party cookies described below, and to store and share your preference with us.
We may collect the following personal data through essential cookies: a unique ID assigned to your device; IP address; device and browser type; operating system; referring URLs; content viewed or other actions taken on our sites and apps; time and date of those actions; country and language selected.
You can decide who you will allow to set these third party cookies on your browser or device by going to your
consent preferences centr
e. You can change your mind and revisit your consent choices at anytime by returning there.
We hope that the above provides you with all the information you might require and thank you for visiting us.
We look forward to providing you with the very latest in innovation and technology.
EPH Controls