Privacy Policy
Version 1.2- June 26, 2024
EarMaster ApS cares about the privacy of individuals who visit our website at www.earmaster.com, use our EarMaster App and software, or purchase products in our online store. This Privacy Policy, in compliance with the EU’s GDPR, explains how EarMaster handles the information we obtain from and about our customers, visitors to our Sites, and users of our software. It also tells you about your rights and choices with respect to your personal information, and how you can contact us if you have questions or concerns. Your use of our services and products is subject to this Privacy Policy.
1. How EarMaster Collects Information
We can obtain personal information relating to you from the sources described below.
Where applicable, we indicate whether and why you must provide us with Personal Information, as well as the consequences of failing to do so. If you do not provide personal information when requested, you may not be able to benefit from our services and products if that information is necessary to provide you with the service or if we are legally required to collect it.
i. Personal Information Provided by You
Registration, Orders, and Other Information You Provide
We collect your information, including name, postal address or email address, when you complete an order form, register to use our services, and request that we contact you or provide additional information to you.
Communications
If you contact us directly, such as to request information or access to the services, or for Customer Support, we may receive additional information about you, such as your contact information and the contents of your communication. Besides we may receive additional information when you complete a form on our Sites (see i, ii and iii).
Payment Information
If you pay for access to our services and products, we may collect payment information that you provide, such as bank account information and other information necessary to transfer funds.
ii. Information We Collect When You Use the Services
Device Information
We receive information about your device, including IP address, web browser type, operating system version, mobile device model, device manufacturer and model, language codes, your Internet Service Provider (ISP), unique device identifiers.
Usage Information
We automatically receive information about your interactions with our website, like the pages and other content you view, or the dates and times of your interactions.
Location Data
We may infer your location from the information we collect (for example, your IP address indicates the general geographic region from which you are connecting to the Internet). We may use location information to provide you with features, notifications, marketing, or other content that is influenced by your location, such as showing you the services in your local language or displaying prices in a specific currency or with specific tax rates.
Cookies and Similar Technologies
A cookie is a text-only string of information that a website transfers to the cookie file of the browser on your computer or mobile device. When you use our website, we and our third-party service providers may collect information from you through cookies, web beacons, web server logs, and similar technologies. We may use both session cookies and persistent cookies. By using our services, you consent to the placement of cookies, beacons, and similar technologies in your browser and on emails in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you disable cookies on your browser, some parts of our services may not work fully.
We work with analytics providers such as Google Analytics, which use cookies and similar technologies to collect and analyze information about the use of the Services and report on activities and trends. Google Analytics may also collect information regarding the use of other websites, apps, and online resources. You can learn about Google’s practices by going to
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
, and opt out of them by downloading the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on, available at
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
.
Our services and products may include links, features or components supplied by third parties, such as the Facebook “Like” button or other interactive tools. Such third-parties may have information practices different than those set forth herein and their use of cookies and similar technologies is not covered by this Privacy Policy. We do not have access to or control over such third parties and encourage you to consult the privacy notices provided by those third parties.
iii. Information We Obtain From Third Parties
We may receive information about you from our third-party partners, such as business or marketing partners. We may combine this information with the other information we collect about you to provide more useful information to you regarding our services. This information may include, for example, your name, address, and billing information.
2. How EarMaster Uses Information
EarMaster will use information, including Personal Information, for the following purposes:
Providing Services
We use your information to provide, enhance, improve, and personalize our services.
Facilitating Transactions
We use your payment information to facilitate your transactions and payments.
Analytics
We will use your information to understand and analyze how you use our services.
Marketing
We may use your information to contact you about EarMaster’s products and services:
via opt-in services such as our Newsletter or similar
via automated emails for a limited period of time as part of an interaction with our website, such downloading the free version of EarMaster
to send you critical information about the product
Communications
EarMaster will use your information to communicate with you, including to respond to your inquiries and to send emails to an email address you provide to us for customer-service or technical-support purposes.
3. How EarMaster Discloses Information
Service Providers
We may share your information with our resellers and other third parties that perform services on our behalf after being rightfully appointed to do so.
As Required by Law and Similar Disclosures
We may disclose information about you: (i) if we are required to do so by law, regulation, or legal processes, such as a court order or subpoena; (ii) in response to requests by government agencies, such as law enforcement authorities; (iii) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect against or respond to physical, financial or other harm, injury, or loss of property; or (iv) in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual unlawful activity.
Consent
EarMaster may further disclose your Personal Information with your explicit consent.
4. Data Retention
We process personal information data in such a way that the highest possible privacy of your personal data is met. Your personal information is kept on our servers and hardware backups in accordance with our security procedures which follow the European Union's legislation for the handling of personal data (GDPR). Your personal data is kept in our system until you have sent us an explicit request to delete them.
5. Our Commitment to Security
Using authentication and authorization procedures, we ensure as much as possible that unauthorized individuals have no access to your personal data or use services that are exclusive to you.
Unfortunately, transferring data over the Internet cannot be 100% secure. Consequently, despite our best efforts to protect personal data, EarMaster cannot assure or guarantee the security of the information transmitted by the user. Any information you transmit is done at your own risk.
6. Your Rights and Choices
Modification or Deletion of Your Personal Information
You can update, correct or delete the personal information we save about you (e.g., your email address) by requesting it in writing at
info@earmaster.com
.
To opt-out of receiving our newsletters or marketing emails, you can follow the unsubscribe instructions included in the emails communications you receive or contact us at the above email address.
Please note that we have the right to reject deletion requests that are unduly burdensome or repetitive or that cannot be honored because of legal obligations or ongoing disputes, or where retention is necessary to enforce our agreements or protect our or another party’s rights, property, safety, or security.
Transcript of Your Personal Information
You have the right to obtain a transcript of all your personal information that we have in our files. To do so, please make a written request sent by registered postal mail to EarMaster’s
Data Protection Officer (DPO)
:
EarMaster ApS
Att: Data Protection Officer
Egaa Havvej 21, 1.
DK-8250 Egaa
Denmark
7. How to Contact Us
General Requests
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or its implementation, you may contact EarMaster by email (
info@earmaster.com
) or at the following address:
EarMaster ApS
Egaa Havvej 21, 1.
DK-8250 Egaa
Denmark
Contact Our Data Protection Officer
EarMaster’s Data Protection Officer (DPO) is the person responsible for supervising the handling of personal information throughout our services and products. Our DPO is Hans Lavdal Jakobsen. He may be contacted by email (
hans@earmaster.com
) or at the following address:
EarMaster ApS
Att: Data Protection Officer
Egaa Havvej 21, 1.
DK-8250 Egaa
Denmark
8. Updates to this Privacy Policy
We will post any adjustments to this Privacy Policy on this page, and the revised versions will be effective when they are posted. Upon updating our privacy policy, we will also change its version number in order to keep track of which terms each user has been agreeing to. We may ask you to review and accept a newer version of our privacy policy in the future if the continued use of our products and services requires it.
The changes to this Privacy Policy will be notified by email to the administrators of EarMaster Cloud school accounts, who will be required to actively accept or reject them next time they connect to their Admin Dashboard at https://cloud.earmaster.com.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Many websites and apps use Google services to improve their content and keep it free. When they integrate our services, these sites and apps share information with Google.
For example, when you visit a website that uses advertising services like AdSense, including analytics tools like Google Analytics, or embeds video content from YouTube, your web browser automatically sends certain information to Google. This includes the URL of the page you’re visiting and your IP address. We may use the IP address, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also
set cookies on your browser
or read cookies that are already there. Apps that use Google advertising services also share information with Google, such as the name of the app and a unique identifier for advertising.
Google uses the information shared by sites and apps to deliver our services, maintain and improve them, develop new services, measure the effectiveness of advertising, protect against fraud and abuse, and personalize content and ads you see on Google and on our partners’ sites and apps. See our
Privacy Policy
to learn more about how we process data for each of these purposes and our
Advertising
page for more about Google ads, how your information is used in the context of advertising, and how long Google stores this information.
Our
Privacy Policy
explains the legal grounds Google relies upon to process your information — for example, we may process your information with your consent or to pursue legitimate interests such as providing, maintaining and improving our services to meet the needs of our users.
Sometimes, when processing information shared with us by sites and apps, those sites and apps will ask for your consent before allowing Google to process your information. For example, a banner may appear on a site asking for consent for Google to process the information that site collects. When that happens, we will respect the purposes described in the consent you give to the site or app, rather than the legal grounds described in the Google Privacy Policy. If you want to change or withdraw your consent, you should visit the site or app in question to do so.
Ad personalization
If ad personalization is turned on, Google will use your information to make your ads more useful for you. For example, a website that sells mountain bikes might use Google's ad services. After you visit that site, you could see an ad for mountain bikes on a different site that shows ads served by Google.
If ad personalization is off, Google will not collect or use your information to create an ad profile or personalize the ads Google shows to you. You will still see ads, but they may not be as useful. Ads may still be based on the topic of the website or app you're looking at, your current search terms, or on your general location, but not on your interests, search history, or browsing history. Your information can still be used for the other purposes mentioned above, such as to measure the effectiveness of advertising and protect against fraud and abuse.
When you interact with a website or app that uses Google services, you may be asked to choose whether you want to see personalized ads from ad providers, including Google. Regardless of your choice, Google will not personalize the ads you see if your ad personalization setting is off or your account is ineligible for personalized ads.
You can see and control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your
ad settings
.
How you can control the information collected by Google on these sites and apps
Here are some of the ways you can control the information that is shared by your device when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services:
Ad Settings
helps you control ads you see on Google services (such as Google Search or YouTube), or on non-Google websites and apps that use Google ad services. You can also
learn how
ads are personalized, opt out of ad personalization, and block specific advertisers.
If you are signed in to your Google Account, and depending on your Account settings,
My Activity
allows you to review and control data that’s created when you use Google services, including the information we collect from the sites and apps you have visited. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Many websites and apps use Google Analytics to understand how visitors engage with their sites or apps. If you don’t want Analytics to be used in your browser, you can
install the Google Analytics browser add-on
. Learn more about
Google Analytics and privacy
.
Incognito mode in Chrome
allows you to browse the web without recording webpages and files in your browser or Account history (unless you choose to sign in). Cookies are deleted after you've closed all of your incognito windows and tabs, and your bookmarks and settings are stored until you delete them. Learn more about
cookies
. Using Incognito mode in Chrome or other private browsing modes does not prevent the collection of data when you visit websites that use Google services, and Google may still collect data when you visit websites using these browsers.
Many browsers, including Chrome, allow you to block third-party cookies. You can also clear any existing cookies from within your browser. Learn more about
managing cookies in Chrome
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語