Rue des Vignerons privacy policy
1. GENERAL
Rue des Vignerons SAS (headquartered at 19, place de la Bourse, 31000, Toulouse, France), in its capacity as data controller, attaches great importance to protecting and respecting your privacy. The purpose of this policy is to inform you of our practices regarding the collection, use and sharing of information that you may provide to us via our platform (the "Solution") accessible from the
www.ruedesvignerons.com/en
website or our mobile applications.
This policy (together with our
General Terms of Use
and any documents referred to therein, as well as our
Cookies policy
) sets out how we handle the personal data that we collect and that you provide to us. We invite you to read this document carefully to learn about and understand our practices regarding the processing of your personal data.
2. INFORMATION COLLECTED
We may collect and process the following data:
2.1. Information you send us directly
When using our Solution, you may transmit information to us, some of which may identify you ("Personal Data"). This is notably the case when you fill in forms (such as the registration form), when you take part in one of our games, competitions, promotional offers, studies or surveys, when you contact us - whether by telephone, e-mail or any other means of communication - or when you inform us of a problem.
This information includes the following data:
2.1.1. Data required for the reservation service we provide on our Solution. This data includes your first and last name, e-mail address, gender, telephone number and password (for the creation of a personal account). This information is mandatory. Otherwise, Rue des Vignerons will not be able to provide you with the services offered by our Solution and you will not be authorized to create an account on our Solution;
2.1.2. A copy of all reservations made and reviews posted on our Solution;
2.1.3. Data we may ask you to provide when you report a problem with our Solution, such as the purpose of your support request;
2.1.4. Data relating to your location where you have consented to us collecting and processing such data;
2.2. Data we collect automatically
2.2.1. In the event that you connect to our services using the social network functionalities made available to you, Rue des Vignerons will have access to some of the data (identifier, surname, first name and email) of your account on the said social network in accordance with the general conditions of use of the social network concerned.
2.2.2. During each of your visits, we may collect, in accordance with applicable legislation and with your consent, where applicable, information relating to the devices on which you use our services or the networks from which you access our services, such as in particular your IP addresses, connection data, types and versions of Internet browsers used, types and versions of your browser's plugins, operating systems and platforms, data concerning your browsing on our Solution, including your browsing on the various URL pages of our Solution, the content you access or consult, the search terms used, download errors, the duration of consultation of certain pages, the advertising identifier of your device, interactions with the page as well as any telephone number used to contact us. One of the technologies we use to collect this information is the use of cookies (for more information, please refer to our Cookie Policy).
Upon proof of your identity and if the conditions for exercising these rights are met, you may exercise your right of access, right of rectification, right of deletion, right to limit processing, right of opposition, right to lodge a complaint with the CNIL and your right to define the fate of your data after your death by writing to DataNeo (cnil@dataneo.frou DataNeo - 6-8-10, rue Troyon - 92310 Sèvres) or by contacting us directly (see article 11 below).
2.3. How long we keep your data
2.3.1. With the exception of the categories of Personal Data referred to in article 2.3.2. below, your Personal Data is archived at the end of the following periods:
- 5 years after your last use of our Solution
- In the event of the creation of a personal account, 1 year after the closure of your account.
2.3.2. The following categories of Personal Data may be stored for different periods:
- Content created by you on our Solution (such as comments, reviews and ratings) is anonymous and remains visible on our Solution for an unlimited period of time.
3. USE OF COLLECTED DATA
We use the data we collect in order to:
3.1 perform contracts concluded between you and us or between us and you and provide you with the information and services requested; this processing is necessary for the performance of our respective contractual obligations.
3.2 send you information about our services (such as booking confirmations) by e-mail, SMS or any other means of communication; this processing is necessary for the performance of our respective contractual obligations and/or is carried out with your consent.
3.3 enable you to personalize your profile on our Solution; this processing is carried out on the basis of your consent.
3.4 give you access to and enable you to communicate with our customer service department; this processing is (i) necessary for the performance of our respective contractual obligations, (ii) carried out with your consent and/or (iii) necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
3.5 to ensure compliance with (i) applicable law, (ii) our terms and conditions of use, and (iii) our privacy policy. In the event of non-compliance on your part, we may suspend your account on our Solution; this processing is (i) necessary for the performance of our respective contractual obligations, (ii) carried out with your consent and/or (iii) necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
3.6 to send you, in accordance with applicable legal provisions and with your consent where required by law, marketing, advertising and promotional messages and information relating to the use of our Solution, booking procedures, or to suggest and advise you of goods or services that may be of interest to you. We may also use your data to send you advertising messages that may be of interest to you on social networking platforms or third-party sites. If you would like more information on this subject, we invite you to read the contractual documents of these platforms; this processing is based on your consent and/or our legitimate interest (providing you with relevant information).
3.7 to inform you of changes to our Solution; this processing is necessary for (i) the performance of our respective contractual obligations, (ii) compliance with our legal obligations and/or (iii) the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
3.8 to manage our Solution and carry out internal technical operations in the context of problem solving, data analysis, tests, research, analysis, studies and surveys; this processing is based on our legitimate interest (to ensure the security of our Solution and to improve its characteristics).
3.9 improve and optimize our Solution, in particular to ensure that the display of our content is tailored to your device; this processing is based on our legitimate interest (providing you with relevant content).
3.10 enable you to use the interactive features of our services if you so wish; this processing is necessary for the performance of our respective contractual obligations and/or carried out with your consent.
3.11 to help us maintain a safe and secure environment on our Solution; this processing is (i) based on our legitimate interest (ensuring the security of our Solution), (ii) necessary to comply with our legal obligations and/or (iii) necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
3.12 to evaluate the effectiveness of the advertising messages we send and to adapt them to our Users; this processing is based (i) on our legitimate interest (to measure and optimize the effectiveness of our campaigns) and/or (ii) on your consent.
4. RECIPIENTS OF THE INFORMATION COLLECTED
4.1. As part of the use of our Solution, some of your information is transmitted to the wineries as part of the reservation process (for example, we communicate your telephone number, email address, postal code, first and last name to the winery(s) to which you are going following a reservation).
4.2. We also work closely with third-party companies who may have access to your Personal Data, and in particular with :
subcontractors we use for technical services, or suppliers of analytical solutions.
4.3. We share your data with the third parties mentioned in 4.2. above only in the following cases:
4.3.1. When we use a service provider as part of the performance of any contract entered into between you and us or in order to provide or improve our Solution;
4.3.2. As part of the reservation process, in order to provide the services requested, we may need to pass on some of your Personal Data, such as your first name, surname, cell phone number, e-mail address or zip code, to a winery;
4.3.3. We publish the reviews you write as part of our review system on our Solution. These reviews, which contain your first name, are visible to all visitors to our Solution;
4.3.4. When we use search engine and analytics providers to improve and optimize our Solution;
4.3.5. When you expressly request it (for example when you use authentication methods provided by social networks);
4.3.6. When we disseminate, on the websites of our commercial partners, certain parts of our Solution (including the notices you have posted) via APIs or widgets;
4.3.7. When we are legally obliged to do so or if we believe in good faith that it is necessary to (i) respond to any claim against Rue des Vignerons, (ii) comply with any judicial request, (iii) enforce any contract entered into with our Users, such as the General Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy (iv) in the event of an emergency involving public health or the physical integrity of a person, (v) as part of inquiries and investigations, or (vi) in order to guarantee the rights, property and safety of Rue des Vignerons, its Users and more generally any third party;
4.3.8. In the event that we sell or acquire a business or assets, in which case we reserve the right to share your Personal Data with the potential seller or buyer of such business or assets.
4.3.9. If Rue des Vignerons or all or part of its assets are purchased by a third party, the data in our possession will, if applicable, be transferred to the new owner.
4.3.10. In accordance with applicable law and with your consent where required, we may aggregate data about you that we receive or send to our business partners, including all or part of your Personal Data and information collected through cookies. This aggregated information will only be used for the purposes described above.
4.3.11. We draw your attention to the fact that if you decide to allow us to access some of your information, in particular your Personal Data, through connection services provided by our commercial partners, their privacy policies are also enforceable against you. We have no control over the collection or processing of your data by our business partners on their own platforms.
5. TARGETED ADVERTISING, EMAILS AND SMS WE SEND YOU
In accordance with applicable legislation and with your consent where required, we may use the data you provide to us on our Solution for marketing purposes (for example to (i) send you our newsletters, (ii) send you invitations to our events or any other communication likely to be of interest to you and (iii) display targeted advertising on social media platforms or third-party sites).
With regard to promotional emails: You may withdraw your consent at any time by (i) unchecking the relevant box in your account, (ii) clicking on the unsubscribe link provided in each of our communications or (iii) by contacting us as described in article 11 below.
With regard to targeted advertising:
On social networking platforms (e.g. Facebook, Instagram): you may object to this processing at any time by configuring the settings relating to advertising in your account ;
On third-party sites: you can refer to our
Cookies Policy
to understand how to withdraw your consent.
6. YOUR PERSONAL DATA RIGHTS
6.1. You have the right to receive a copy of your Personal Data in our possession ("right of access").
6.2. You may also request the deletion of your Personal Data and the rectification of erroneous or obsolete Personal Data ("right of deletion and right of rectification"). Please note that we may retain certain information about you where we are required to do so by law or where we have a legitimate reason to do so. This is the case, for example, if we believe that you have committed fraud or violated our General Terms of Use and we wish to prevent you from circumventing the rules applicable to our Solution.
6.3. You also have the right to object at any time, for reasons relating to your particular situation, (i) to the processing of your Personal Data for direct marketing purposes or to processing carried out on the basis of our legitimate interest ("right to object").
6.4. You have the right to limit the processing of your Personal Data ("right to limitation"). Please note that this right only applies if (i) you contest the accuracy of your Personal Data during the period of time required for us to verify its accuracy; (ii) in the event of unlawful processing by us and you request a restriction of their use rather than erasure; (iii) we no longer need the Personal Data for the purposes of processing but they are still necessary to you for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims; (iv) in the event of the exercise of your right to object for the duration of the verification as to whether the legitimate grounds we pursue prevail over yours.
6.5. You have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority or to obtain redress from the competent courts if you consider that we have not respected your rights.
6.6. You also have the right to the portability of your data, i.e. the right to receive the Personal Data you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and the right to transmit this data to another data controller ("right to portability").
6.7. You also have the right to define directives relating to the fate of your Personal Data after your death.
6.8. To exercise these rights, you may contact our Data Protection Officer in accordance with the procedures set out in article 11 below.
7. COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES
To find out more, see our
Cookies Policy
.
8. CONFIDENTIALITY OF YOUR PASSWORD
You are responsible for the confidentiality of the password you have chosen to access your account on our Platforms.
You undertake to keep this password secret and not to communicate it to anyone.
9. LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES AND SOCIAL NETWORKS
Our Solution may occasionally contain links to the websites of our partners or third-party companies. Please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we decline any responsibility for the use made by these sites of the information collected when you click on these links. We invite you to read the privacy policies of these sites before sending them your Personal Data.
10. CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
We may change this privacy policy from time to time. When this is necessary, we will inform you and/or ask for your agreement. Please check this page regularly for any changes or updates to our privacy policy.
11. CONTACT
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or any requests relating to your personal data, you can contact us by :
- sending an e-mail to our Data Protection Officer at dpo@ruedesvignerons.com
- filling in this
online form
- or by sending us a letter to the following address Rue des Vignerons SAS - A l'attention du Délégué à la Protection des Données - 19 place de la Bourse - 31000 Toulouse - France
Version updated on 10/05/2023