Privacy Notice
Last Updated: November 30, 2023
This Privacy Notice explains how we collect, use, disclose and otherwise process your personal data in connection with our Services.
Who We Are
Tablet Hotels (“
Tablet
”, “
we
”,
		“
us
”, or “
our
”).
Our Services
When we use the term “Services,” we are referring only to the products and services we offer through platforms, including without limitation, our
		website, www.tablethotels.com, and our mobile applications.
This Privacy Notice does not cover or address, for example:
Any of Tablet’s other product or service offerings, including other websites and mobile applications that do not post or link to this
			Privacy Notice. To learn more about Tablet’s personal data practices relating to these other product or service offerings, please review their respective privacy notices.
Personal data and privacy practices relating to Tablet job applicants, employees or other personnel.
Privacy practices of our hotel partners.
In addition, we may provide additional or supplemental privacy notices to individuals for specific promotions, products, or services that we offer, at the time
		that we collect any additional personal data.  These supplemental privacy notices will govern how we may process the information in the context of the specific promotion, product, or
		service.
Customer Data
Data protection laws sometimes differentiate between “controllers” and “processors” of personal data. A “controller”
		determines the purposes and means (or the why and the how) of processing personal data. A “processor,” which is sometimes referred to as a “service provider,”
		processes personal data on behalf of a controller subject to contractual restrictions.
As part of our business relationship with our customers, such as our hotel partners, we are often asked to receive, gather, store, analyze, or otherwise
		processing information, which may include personal data, on behalf of our customers. We refer to this type of information and personal data as “customer data.”  When we
		process customer data, we generally act as a processor. This means we process customer data on behalf of our customers subject to restrictions set forth in our contracts with them. When
		you book a hotel through Tablet, for example, you are directing us to share your details with the hotel to facilitate the booking.
This Privacy Notice does not cover or address how we or our customers process customer data in connection with our role as our customers’ processor.
		Instead, this Privacy Notice only covers our processing of personal data in our capacity as a controller. In addition, we are generally not permitted to respond to individual requests
		relating to customer data. As a result, we recommend referring to the privacy notice of the business with which you have a relationship (e.g., a hotel) for information on how they engage
		processors, like us, to process customer data on their behalf.
Region-Specific Disclosures
Depending on your country, province or state of residence, certain rights may apply to you. Please refer below for disclosures that may be applicable to
		you:
If you are located in the EU, please click
here
for European-specific privacy
			disclosures.
If you are a resident of the State of California, Nevada, or Virginia in the United States, please click
here
for additional U.S.
			state-specific privacy disclosures.
What is Personal Data?
When we use the term “personal data” in this Privacy Notice, we mean information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of
		being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, to a person or household.  It does not include aggregated or de-identified information that is maintained
		in a form that is not reasonably capable of being associated with or linked to a person.
1. Our Collection of Personal Data .
We collect personal data about you in a variety of ways. Sometimes we collect personal data automatically when you interact with the Services, and sometimes we
			collect the personal data directly from you. At times, we may collect personal data about you from other sources and third parties, even before our first direct interaction. We may link or
			combine your activities and information collected from you on our website and mobile applications with information we have collected from you offline (e.g., at an event), information we
			receive from third parties, as well as information we collect automatically through tracking technologies (as discussed in our Cookie Notice located at the bottom of our homepage).
1.1.  Information You Provide to Us,
or we may collect from you in connection with our Services
		may include:
Contact Information
, such as your name, telephone numbers, email address, and billing and mailing address.
Content You Choose to Upload to Our Websites or Mobile Applications
, such as text and images along with the metadata
				associated with the files you upload.
Feedback or Correspondence
, such as information you provide when you contact us with questions, feedback, or otherwise
				correspond with us online.
Marketing Information
, such as your preferences for receiving communications about our activities, events, and
				publications, and details about how you engage with our communications.
Profile Information
, such as your username and password that you may set to establish an online account with us, your
				photograph, personal bio, your interests, travel preferences, activities, lifestyle preferences, and favorite hotels or destinations.
Payment Information
, such as credit or debit card details and billing address. Payments may be processed by
				third-party payment processors.  Please refer to the applicable processor’s terms and privacy notice for more information about how payment information is processed and
				stored.
Publicly Available Information
, including comments describing support for and experience with our websites or mobile
				applications and information that you or others publish on social media, testimonials, blogs or other forums, such as tweets, comments, photographs, or video or audio content.
Transaction Information
based on your activities on our website, such as details about reservations you make
				through Tablet or your travel plans.
Registration Information
, details about your participation in loyalty or awards programs (such as hotel rewards
				programs) and applicable membership numbers.
1.2  Information We Collect From Third Parties
.  We may collect information from third parties.
		 For example, if you make a hotel booking through Tablet, the hotel will notify us if you did not complete your stay.  We may verify this information with a service provider
		or combine your information with information we collect from other companies. We may receive the same categories of personal data as described above from the following sources and
		third parties:
Our Affiliates
. We may receive information about you from our affiliates, so that information you provide to one
				affiliate may be used by us to provide you Services, communicate with you, or provide you advertisements or other personalized content.
Hotel Partners
. If you make a hotel booking through Tablet or through one of our hotel partners directly, we may
				receive information from our hotel partner, such as your reservation details.
Service Providers
. Our service providers that perform services on our behalf, such as our call center operations
				vendors, identity verification providers, payment processors, third party dealers that deliver products and services on our behalf, and analytics providers.  For example, we may
				receive personal data from our service providers that conduct call center support, marketing, or analytics activities.
Business / Promotional Partners
. Our business and promotional partners whom we partner with to provide our contests,
				sweepstakes or other joint promotional activities or co-branded services may collect personal data in connection with these activities and may share some or all the information with
				us.
Social Networks
. When you interact with the Services through various social media networks, such as when you
				“Like” us on Facebook or when you follow us or share our content on Facebook, Pinterest, Twitter, Instagram, YouTube, LinkedIn or other social networks, we may receive some
				information about you that you permit the social network to share with third parties.  The data we receive is dependent upon your privacy settings with the social network.
				 You should always review and, if necessary, adjust your privacy settings on third party websites and social media networks and services before linking or connecting them to the
				Services.
Other Third Parties and Publicly Available Sources
. From time to time, we may receive information about you from third
				parties.  For example, we may obtain information from our marketing partners or from third parties to enhance or supplement our existing user information.  Where permitted by
				applicable law, we may also collect information about you that is publicly available, including contact information and travel interest information.  We may combine this
				information with the information we collect from you directly.
1.3   Business Representatives Data Collection Practices.
We also may collect professional personal data about
			representatives of third-party businesses, including representatives of our business, hotel, and enterprise customers and our hotel and other business partners, in connection with our
			Services and the operation of our business, which may include.
Contact Information
: Including full name, email address, mailing address and telephone number.
Professional Information
: Including job title, job function, company name and characteristics, professional
				background, and nature of the relationship with us.
Tax and Payment Information
: Including a personal tax identification number, bank account information, and payment
				information where the individual is a representative of a sole proprietor or similar legal structure that uses personal tax and account information in lieu of separate business
				information.
Contract Information
: Including any information relating to our contractual relationship.
Inquiry Information
: Including the contents of emails, texts, and other communications and, where permitted by law,
				recordings of calls with us.
Feedback Information
: Including information provided in response to surveys we may conduct with customers or business
				partners, or unsolicited feedback received regarding our services and business.
If you engage in our Services or interact with us through your employer, company or organization, we may receive the above information from the
			company.
1.4   Information Collected Automatically.
We, our service providers,
		and other third parties may automatically collect information about you, your computer or mobile device, and activity occurring on or through our websites and mobile applications.
		 The information that may be collected automatically includes:
Device Data
, such as your device’s hardware, model and screen resolution, your browser type, device identifier
				(e.g., Google Advertising ID or Apple ID for Advertising), your IP address and general location information such as city, state, or geographic area.
Online Activity Data
, such as pages you viewed, how long you spent on a page, navigation paths between pages,
				information about your activity on a page, links you click, access times, and length of access; the website that referred you to Tablet, if applicable, and whether you opened our email
				and how long you had it open.
Location Information
.  If you have enabled location services on your phone and agree to the collection of your
				location when prompted in the Tablet mobile application, Tablet will collect your location information when you use the mobile applications; for example, to locate restaurants and
				hotels near you.  If you do not want Tablet to collect this information, you may decline the collection of your location when prompted or adjust the location services settings on
				your device.
For information about our and our third-party partners’ use of cookies and related technologies to collect information automatically, and the choices you
			have in relation to its collection, please see our
Cookie
				Notice
.  Please see the “Your Choices About Online Ads” section of the Cookie Notice for information about how to exercise choice
			regarding the use of browsing behavior for purposes of targeted advertising.
2. Our Use of Personal Data
We may use your personal data for the following purposes and as otherwise described in this Privacy Notice or at the time of collection:
To Facilitate Your Hotel Booking
, including to collect your name, payment card information and other details and
				provide this information to the hotel or hotel’s service provider.
To Operate Our Services, Including to:
make hotel reservations and communicate with you about your reservations;
establish and maintain your account and user profile on our websites or mobile applications;
provide services and customer support you request;
personalize your experience and customize content on the Services relevant to your interests;
resolve disputes and troubleshoot problems.
To Communicate With You
, including to:
inform you about our services, updates, and promotional offers based on your communication preferences;
send you announcements, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
respond to your requests, questions and feedback;
send you marketing communications.
For Compliance, Fraud Prevention, and Safety
, including to:
prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities such as negligence, breach of contract or fraud, and enforce our Terms of Use and other
				notices;
audit compliance with our notices and contractual obligations;
protect our, your or others’ rights, privacy, safety or property (including by making and defending legal claims);
enforce the terms and conditions that govern our websites and mobile applications;
protect, investigate and deter against fraudulent, harmful, unauthorized, unethical or illegal activity.
For Research and Development
.  We analyze use of our websites and mobile applications to analyze, improve our
				websites and mobile applications, and to develop new products and services, including by studying user demographics and use of our websites and mobile applications.
To Display Advertisements
.  We work with advertising partners to display advertisements across the web.
				 These advertisements are delivered by our advertising partners and may be targeted based on your use of Tablet or your activity elsewhere online.  To learn more about your
				choices in connection with advertisements, please see the “Your Choices About Online Ads” section of our Cookie Notice.
To Comply With Law
.  We use your personal data as we believe necessary or appropriate to comply with applicable
				laws, lawful requests, and legal process, such as to respond to subpoenas or requests from government authorities.
With Your Consent
.  In some cases, we may specifically ask for your consent to collect, use or share your
				personal data, such as when required by law.
To Create Anonymous, Aggregated or De-Identified Data
.  We may create anonymous, aggregated or de-identified
				data from your personal data and other individuals whose personal data we collect.  We may use this anonymous, aggregated or de-identified data and share it with third parties for
				our lawful business purposes, including to analyze and improve our website and mobile applications, analyze user demographics and use of the websites and mobile applications, and
				promote our business.
For purposes disclosed at the time you provide your personal data or as otherwise set forth in this Privacy Notice
.
We may provide additional privacy disclosures where the scope of the inquiry/request and/or personal data we require fall outside the scope of this Privacy
			Notice.  In that case, the additional privacy disclosures will govern how we collect, use and disclose the information you provide at that time.
3. Our Disclosure of Personal Data
We may disclose your personal data in the following circumstances or as described in this Privacy Notice:
Affiliates
.  We may share your personal data with our corporate parent, subsidiaries, and affiliates.
Hotels
.  We may share your personal data with the hotels where you make bookings through Tablet (or the
				hotels’ service providers and/or channel partners and/or 3rd party travel agencies with access to hotels inventory),; the hotels’ privacy notices and those of their
				3rd party partners such as
Booking.com
’s
privacy
				statement govern their handling of your information; our Privacy Notice does not govern the hotels’ privacy
				practices.
Service Providers
.  We may employ third party service providers to perform services on our behalf such as,
				couriers or shippers, credit card processors, marketing or research providers, web hosting and email service providers, and other data processors.
Online Advertising Partners
. We may also share personal data with advertising networks or permit these partners to
				collect information from you directly on our websites to facilitate online advertising, such as search engines and social network advertising providers to serve targeted ads to you or
				to groups of other users who share similar traits, such as likely commercial interests and demographics, on third-party platforms.  For more information, including how to opt out
				of interest-based advertising, please see our Cookie Notice.
Other Users of Our Services and The Public
.  We may provide functionality that enables you to disclose personal
				data to other users of Tablet or the public.  For instance, you may maintain a user profile with information about yourself that you can make available to other users or the
				public.  You may also be able to submit content to Tablet (such as comments, reviews, and photos), and we will display your name, username, and a link to your user profile along
				with the content you submit.
Professional Advisors
.  We may disclose your personal data to professional advisors, such as lawyers, bankers,
				auditors and insurers, in the connection with the professional services that they render.
For Compliance, Fraud Prevention and Safety
.  We may share your personal data for the compliance, fraud
				prevention and safety purposes described above.
Business Transaction or Reorganization
.  We may disclose or transfer your personal data in connection with or
				during the negotiation of a financing, merger, acquisition, dissolution or similar corporate event, or the sale of all or some of Tablet’s assets. The information that Tablet has
				collected, including personal data may be transferred as a business asset. Personal data may also be disclosed in the event of insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership, in compliance
				with applicable law.
Legal Obligations or Rights
.  We may disclose personal data to third parties, such as legal advisors and law
				enforcement:
in connection with the establishment, exercise, or defense of legal claims;
to comply with laws or to respond to lawful requests and legal process;
to protect the rights and property of Tablet, our agents, customers, and others, including to enforce our agreements, notices, and our Terms
				of Use;
to detect, suppress, or prevent fraud;
to reduce credit risk and collect debts owed to us;
to protect the health and safety of us, our customers, or any person; or
as otherwise required by applicable law.
With Your Consent or At Your Direction
. We may disclose personal data about you to certain other third parties with
				your consent or at your direction.
4. Choices and Control Over Your Data
Depending on the jurisdiction in which you are located, you may be able to submit the following requests:
Access and Amend Your Information
.  You can access your personal data in your account.  You can change at
				any time your preferences for receiving or not receiving our emails and e-newsletters.  If you wish to modify your personal data or close your account, you can do so by contacting
				us as indicated in the “Contact Information” section below.  Once your account is closed, however, you will not be able to use many of the services available on our
				websites and mobile applications, unless you re-register.
Cookies and Browser Web Storage
.  We may allow service providers and other third parties to use cookies and
				similar technologies to track your browsing activity over time and across Tablet and third-party websites.  Please see our Cookie Notice for more information on the choices and
				controls you may have with cookies and similar technologies.
Targeted Online Advertising
.  Please refer to our Cookie Notice to learn more about how we work with third party
				partners to collect data through tracking technologies for various purposes, including analytics, advertising, and to understand your choices.
Opting Out of Marketing Communications
.  You may opt out of receiving marketing-related emails from us or change
				the volume of marketing-related emails you receive from us by following the update settings or unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of the email or by changing your preferences in
				the email preference center accessible through your account settings.  You may continue to receive service-related and other non-marketing emails from us.
Opting Out of Location Tracking
.  If you initially consented to the collection of geo-location information
				through the Tablet mobile application, you could subsequently stop the collection of this information at any time by changing the preferences on your mobile device.  Please note,
				however, that if you withdraw consent to Tablet’s collection of location information, you may no longer be able to use some Tablet features.
5. Third Parties
Tablet may contain links to other websites, mobile applications, and other online services operated by third parties.  These links are not an endorsement of,
			or representation that we are affiliated with, any third party.  Different rules may apply to other websites, mobile applications, or online services.  This Privacy Notice does
			not apply to, and we are not responsible for, any personal data practices of third-party websites and online services or the practices of other third parties. Tablet does not control the
			privacy notices of third parties.  We encourage you to review the privacy notices of the websites, mobile applications, or online services that you use or visit.
6. International Data Transfers
We are headquartered in the United States and have service providers in other countries, and your personal data may be transferred to the United States
			or other locations outside of your state, province, or country where privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your state, province, or country.
7. Children’s Personal Data
Tablet is not directed to, and we do not knowingly collect personal data from, anyone under the age of 16.  If we learn that we have collected personal
			data of a child under the age of 16, we will promptly delete such information.  If a child under the age of 16 has provided personal data to us, we encourage the child’s
			parent or guardian to contact us to request that we remove the personal data from our systems.
8. Updates To This Privacy Notice
We may amend this Privacy Notice at any time by posting the amended terms on this website.  In addition, we will notify you of material changes,
such
			as
			with an alert on the Tablet website or a communication to you via email (at the e-mail address specified in your account). All changes
			shall be effective from the date of publication unless otherwise provided.
9. Contact Information
Should you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Notice, please contact us at
privacy@tablethotels.com
or the following address:
Tablet Inc.
6 West 18th Street, 5th Floor
New York, NY 10011 USA
ADDITIONAL EUROPEAN PRIVACY DISCLOSURES
The information provided in this “Additional European Privacy Disclosures” section applies only to individuals located in Europe.
1.  Personal Data
References to “personal data” in this Privacy Notice are equivalent to “personal data” governed by European data protection
			legislation.
2.
Controller and Processor
Tablet is a controller with respect to the personal data we collect to create and maintain consumers’ Tablet accounts or memberships, or
				when we interact with consumers about Tablet’s own services.
Tablet is a processor and service provider to hotels in facilitating your bookings.  When you book a hotel through Tablet, you also direct
				us to share your details with the hotel to facilitate the booking.  You should refer to the hotel’s privacy notice for information about the hotel’s privacy practices
				because this Privacy Notice does not govern the hotel’s handling of your information.
3.
EU Representative
.
VeraSafe has been appointed as Tablet’s
			representative in the European Union for data protection matters, pursuant to Article 27 of the General Data Protection Regulation of the European Union.  VeraSafe can
			be contacted on matters related to the processing of personal data using one of the following methods:
via web form:
https://www.verasafe.com/privacy-services/contact-article-27-representative
via telephone at:  +420 228 881 031
4.
Legal Bases for Processing
.
We use your personal data only as
		permitted by law.  Our legal bases for processing the personal data described in this Privacy Notice are described in the table below.
Processing Purpose
(click link for details)
Details regarding each processing purpose listed below are provided in the section above titled “How we use
							your personal data”.
Legal Basis
To facilitate your hotel bookings
We process personal data to facilitate your hotel booking - including by providing your name, payment card information and other reservation details
							to the hotel where you book your stay – as a processor, on the basis of our agreement with the hotel.
To operate our websites and mobile applications
Processing is necessary to perform the contract governing our provision of services or to take steps that you request prior to signing up for Tablet.
							 If we have not entered into a contract with you, we process your personal data based on our legitimate interest in providing the services you access and
							request.
To communicate with you
For research and
								development
To display
								advertisements
For compliance, fraud prevention and safety
To create anonymous, aggregated or de-identified data
These activities constitute our legitimate interests.  We do not use your personal data for these activities where our interests are overridden
							by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law).
To comply with law
Processing is necessary to comply with our legal obligations.
With your consent
Processing is based on your consent.  Where we rely on your consent you have the right to withdraw it any time in the manner indicated when you
							consent or on our websites and mobile applications.
5.  Use for New Purposes .
We may use your personal data for reasons not described in this Privacy Notice where permitted by law
			and the reason is compatible with the purpose for which we collected it.  If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and explain the
			applicable
			legal basis.
6. Sensitive Personal Data .
We ask that you not provide us with any sensitive
			personal data (e.g., information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religion or other beliefs, health, biometrics or genetic characteristics, criminal background or
			trade union membership) on or through our websites and mobile applications, or otherwise to us.  If you provide us with any sensitive personal data to us when you use Tablet, you must
			consent to our processing and use of such sensitive personal data in accordance with this Privacy Notice.  If you do not consent to our processing and use of such sensitive personal
			data, you must not submit such sensitive personal data through our websites and mobile applications.
7.  Retention .
We retain personal data for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which we collected it, including
			for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements, to establish or defend legal claims, or for fraud prevention purposes.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm
			from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the
			applicable legal requirements.
8.   Your Rights .
European data protection laws give you certain rights regarding your personal data.  If you are located within the Europe, you may ask us to take the
			following actions in relation to your personal data that we hold:
Access
.  Provide you with information about our processing of your personal data and give you access to your
				personal data.
Correct
.  Update or correct inaccuracies in your personal data.
Delete
.  Delete your personal data.
Transfer
.  Transfer a machine-readable copy of your personal data to you or a third party of your choice.
Restrict
.  Restrict the processing of your personal data.
Object
.  Object to our reliance on our legitimate interests as the basis of our processing of your personal data
				that impacts your rights.
You may submit these requests by email to
privacy@tablethotels.com
or our postal address
			provided above.  We
			may request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and process your request.  Applicable law
			may require or permit us to decline or limit your request.  If we decline your request, we will tell you why, subject to legal restrictions.  If you would like to submit a
			complaint about our use of your personal data or our response to your requests regarding your personal data, you may contact us or submit a complaint to the data protection regulator
			in
			your jurisdiction.  You can find your data protection regulator here.
9. Cross-Border Data Transfer
If we transfer your personal data out of Europe to a country not deemed by the European Commission to provide an adequate level of personal data protection, the
			transfer will be performed:
Pursuant to the recipient’s compliance with standard contractual clauses, EU-US Privacy Shield (or Swiss-US Privacy Shield, as
				applicable), or Binding Corporate Rules
Pursuant to the consent of the individual to whom the personal data pertains.
As otherwise permitted by applicable European requirements.
You may contact us if you want further information on the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your personal data out of Europe.
ADDITIONAL U.S. PRIVACY DISCLOSURES
Last Updated: November 30, 2023
1. Scope of Disclosures
For Nevada Residents
: Chapter 603A of the Nevada Revised Statutes permits Nevada residents to opt out of future sales of certain covered
			information that a website operator has collected or will collect about the resident. To submit such a request, please email privacy@tablethotels.com
For California and Virginia Residents
: These Additional U.S. Privacy Disclosures (the “
U.S. Privacy
			Disclosures
”) supplement the information contained in our Privacy Notice regarding the Tablet websites, products and service offerings, mobile applications
			and services that post or link to these U.S. Privacy Disclosures and apply solely to individual residents of the State of California and Virginia (“
data
			subjects
” or “
you
”).
These U.S. Privacy Disclosures provide additional information about how we collect, use, disclose and otherwise process personal data of individual residents of
			the State of California and Virginia, either online or offline.
Unless otherwise expressly stated, all terms in these U.S. Privacy Disclosures have the same meaning as defined in our Privacy Notice.
2. Personal Data Disclosures
Personal Data
We collect various categories and types of personal data from a variety of sources and for a variety of purposes. We also disclose personal data to a number of
			recipients. Please review the Our Collection of Personal Data, Our Use of Personal Data, and Our Disclosure of Personal Data sections of our Privacy Notice to learn more. While we do
			not
			“sell” personal data in the traditional sense, we do, however, sell or share personal data for the purpose of displaying advertisements that are selected based on personal
			data
			obtained or inferred over time from an individual’s activities across businesses or distinctly branded websites, applications, or other services (otherwise known as
			“targeted
			advertising” or “cross-context behavioral advertising”).
Sensitive Information
The following personal data elements we collect may be classified as “sensitive” under certain privacy laws (“sensitive
			information”):
Account name and password;
Credit/debit card number plus expiration date and security code (CVV);
Precise geolocation data.
As described in our Privacy Notice, we use account name and password, as well as payment card information, to provide certain of our products and services. We
			also use precise geolocation data to provide our Services with geolocation capabilities.
We do not sell sensitive information, and we do not process or otherwise share sensitive information for the purpose of targeted advertising.
Deidentified Information
We may at times receive, or process personal data to create, deidentified information that can no longer reasonably be used to infer information about, or
			otherwise be linked to, a particular individual or household. Where we maintain deidentified information, we will maintain and use the information in deidentified form and not attempt
			to
			reidentify the information except as required or permitted by law.
3.   Your Privacy Rights
Depending on your state of residency and subject to certain legal limitations and exceptions, you may be able to exercise some or all of the following
			rights:
The Right to Know
The right to confirm whether we are processing personal data about you and, under California law only, to obtain certain personalized details about
						the personal data we have collected about you, including:
The categories of personal data collected;
The categories of sources of the personal data;
The purposes for which the personal data were collected;
The categories of personal data disclosed to third parties (if any), and the categories of recipients to whom this personal data
							were disclosed;
The categories of personal data sold (if any), and the categories of third parties to whom the personal data were sold; and
The categories of personal data shared for targeted advertising purposes (if any), and the categories of recipients to whom the
							personal data were disclosed for these purposes.
The Right to Access & Portability
The right to obtain access to the personal data we have collected about you and, where required by law, the right to obtain a copy of the personal
						data in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format that allows you to transmit the data to another entity without hindrance.
The Right to Correction
The right to correct inaccuracies in your personal data, taking into account the nature of the personal data and the purposes of the processing of
						the personal data.
The Right to Request Deletion
The right to request the deletion of personal data that we maintain about you, subject to certain exceptions.
The Right to Opt Out of Sales or Sharing for Targeted Advertising Purposes
The right to direct us not to sell or share personal data for certain targeted or cross-context behavioral advertising purposes.
The Right to Non-Discrimination
The right not to receive retaliatory or discriminatory treatment for exercising any of the rights described above.
However, please note that if the exercise of the rights described above limits our ability to process personal data (such as in the case of a
						deletion request), we may no longer be able to provide you our products or services or engage with you in the same manner.
In addition, the exercise of the rights described above may result in a different price, rate, or quality level of product or service where that
						difference is reasonably related to the impact the right has on our relationship or is otherwise permitted by law.
4. How to Exercise Your Privacy Rights
To Exercise Your Privacy Rights
Please subject a request by:
Filling out our
online
					form
;
Calling 1-888-971-3804; or
Emailing
privacy@tablethotels.com
with the subject line, “U.S.
				Data
				Subject
				Request.”
We will need to verify your identity and confirm you are a resident of a state that offers the request right(s) before processing your request. In order to verify
			your identity, we will generally either require the successful login to your account or the matching of sufficient information you provide us to the information we maintain about you
			in
			our systems. As a result, we require requests to include name, email address, and state of residency. Although we try to limit the personal data collected in connection with a request
			to
			exercise any of the above rights, certain requests may require us to obtain additional personal data from you. In certain circumstances, we may decline a request, particularly where we
			are
			unable to verify your identity or locate your information in our systems, or where you are not a resident of one of the eligible states.
To Exercise the Right to Opt Out of the Selling or Sharing of Personal Data for Targeted Advertising Purposes
We may sell or share personal data (including Identifiers, Commercial Information, Internet/Network Information, and Inferences) to certain third-party ad
			networks, social networks and advertising partners to deliver targeted advertising (also known as “cross-context behavioral advertising”) and personalized content to you on
			our
			Services, on other sites and services you may use, and across other devices you may use, as well as to provide advertising-related services such as reporting, attribution, analytics,
			and
			market research.
The third parties to whom we sell or share personal data may use such information for their own purposes, in accordance with their own privacy statements, which
			may include reselling or sharing this information to additional third parties.
To facilitate these targeted advertising purposes, we and our third-party providers use cookies and related technologies to collect personal data about users of
			our Services. To exercise your right to opt-out as it relates to the use of cookies and related technologies that involve the sale of personal data or the use of personal data for
			targeted
			advertising purposes on our Services, please click the link at the bottom of our homepage to adjust your cookie preferences.
Please note these cookie options may be unchecked or opted out by default. In addition, this opt-out tool is device and browser specific, so you will need to
			change your preferences on each device and browser you use to interact with the Site or Service you are visiting.
You can also opt out of cookie-based sales by businesses that participate in the DAA’s CCPA Opt-Out Tool by visiting
https://www.privacyrights.info/
.
			In addition, you may follow the other steps set forth in our Cookie Notice to further exercise control over cookies and related technologies. Lastly, you may exercise your
			non-cookie-related rights by following the instructions provided at the beginning of this “How to Exercise Your Privacy Rights” section.
Authorized Agents
In certain circumstances, you are permitted to use an authorized agent to submit requests on your behalf through the designated methods set forth
			above where we can verify the authorized agent’s authority to act on your behalf. In order to verify the authorized agent’s authority, we generally require evidence of
			either
			(i) a valid power of attorney or (ii) a signed letter containing your name and contact information, the name and contact information of the authorized agent, and a statement of
			authorization for the request. Depending on the evidence provided and your state of residency, we may still need to separately reach out to you to confirm the authorized agent has
			permission to act on your behalf and to verify your identity in connection with the request.
Appealing Privacy Rights Decisions
Depending on your state of residency, you may be able to appeal a decision we have made in connection with your privacy rights request. All appeal requests should be
			submitted by emailing us at
privacy@tablethotels.com
with the subject
			line, “Privacy Request Appeal.”
Minors Under Age 16
We do not sell the personal data of consumers we know to be less than 16 years of age. Please contact us at
privacy@tablethotels.com
to inform us if you, or your minor child, are under the age of 16.
5.   California-Specific Privacy Disclosures
The following disclosures only apply to residents of the State of California:
Personal Data Collection
In the last 12 months, we may have collected the following categories of personal data:
Identifiers
, such as name, email address, telephone number, address, zip code, account username and password, or other
				similar identifiers.
California Customer Records
(Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)), such as driver’s license
				information, credit/debit card information, bank account information or other payment information.
Protected Classification Characteristics
, such as age.
Commercial Information
, such information about products or services purchased or considered, whether you used a
				particular coupon code or promotion, information about the hotel for which you booked a reservation, reservation details, and information about your use of the Services.
Internet/Network Information
, such as your browsing history, log and analytics data, search history and information
				regarding your interaction with our website and platform.
Geolocation Data
, such as information about your physical location collected from geolocation features on your device,
				including your IP address and GPS (e.g., latitude and/or longitude).
Sensory Information
, such as pictures you provide or upload in connection with the Services, and the content and audio
				recordings of phone calls between you and Tablet and/or you and our service providers, that we record where permitted by law.
Professional/Employment Information
, such as job title, department, employer or business.
Other Personal Data
, such as information and content you upload or post to the Services and other information you submit
				to us, including inquiry, feedback and communication information when you contact us, and your profile information.
Inferences
, including information generated from your use of the Services reflecting predictions about your interests and
				preferences.
For more information about our collection of personal data, the sources of personal data, and how we use this information, please see the Our Collection of
			Personal Data and Our Use of Personal Data sections of our Privacy Notice.
Disclosure of Personal Data
As described in the Our Disclosure of Personal Data section of our Privacy Notice, we disclose personal data with a variety of third parties for business
			purposes or we may sell or share your personal data to third parties for targeted advertising purposes, subject to your right to opt out of selling or sharing (see “How to
			Exercise Your Privacy Rights” above).
In the previous 12 months, we have sold or shared for targeted advertising purposes all of the categories of personal data we collect, explained above, to third
			parties.
Data Retention
We retain personal data only for as long as is reasonably necessary to fulfill the purpose for which it was collected. However, if necessary, we may retain
			personal data for longer periods of time, until set retention periods and deadlines expire, for instance where we are required to do so in accordance with legal, tax and accounting
			requirements set by a legislature, regulator or other government authority.
To determine the appropriate duration of the retention of personal data, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk
			of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of personal data and if we can attain our objectives by other means, as well as our legal, regulatory, tax, accounting and other applicable
			obligations.
Therefore, we retain personal data for as long as the individual continues to use our services for the purposes explained in the Our Use of Personal Data section
			in our Privacy Notice. When an individual discontinues the use of our services, we will retain their personal data for as long as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, to
			resolve
			disputes and defend claims, as well as, for any additional purpose based on the choices they have made, such as to receive marketing communications. In particular, we will retain call
			recordings, the personal data supplied when joining our services, including complaints, claims (for insurance products) and any other personal data supplied during the duration of an
			individual’s contract with us for the services until the statutory limitation periods have expired, when this is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal
			claims.
Once retention of the personal data is no longer necessary for the purposes outlined above, we will either delete or deidentify the personal data or, if this is
			not possible (for example, because personal data has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store the personal data and isolate it from further processing until
			deletion or
			deidentification is possible.
Notice of Financial Incentives
We offer various programs, promotions and other financial incentives that may result in differences in our prices or services offered to consumers. For
			example:
Discounts, coupons or other benefits in connection with a contest or sweepstakes or similar promotions;
Rewards or coupons when you refer a friend to use our service;
Loyalty and member programs, where you earn or receive certain rewards or benefits; or
Discounts, coupons, cash back, and other special offers for making reservations with our hotel partners.
To obtain access to certain of these programs and other offerings, we may collect and retain personal data, such as, but not limited to name, contact
			information, billing information, and account information. We may sell or share personal data with our business and marketing partners who may use this information to send you
			promotional
			communications and targeted advertising.
We have determined that the value of these programs and other incentives are reasonably related to the value of the personal data we receive and otherwise process
			in connection with these programs and offerings, based on our reasonable but sole determination. We estimate the value of the personal data we receive and otherwise process in
			connection
			with these programs and offerings by considering the expense we incur in collecting and processing the personal data, as well as the expenses related to facilitating the program or
			offering.
The material aspects of any financial incentive will be explained and described in its program terms or in the details of the incentive offer. Participating in
			any financial incentive program is entirely optional and participants may withdraw from the program at any time. To opt-out of the program and forgo any ongoing incentives, please
			follow
			the instructions in the program’s terms and conditions or contact us using the contact information below.  Participating individuals may also opt out of receiving marketing
			communications by following the instructions set forth in the Choices and Control Over Your Information section of our Privacy Notice.
6. Updates to These U.S. Privacy Disclosures
We will update these U.S. Privacy Disclosures from time to time. When we make changes to these U.S. Privacy Disclosures, we will change the “Last
			Updated” date at the beginning of these U.S. Privacy Disclosures. If we make material changes to these U.S. Privacy Disclosures, we will notify you by email to your registered
			email
			address, by prominently posting on our online services, or through other appropriate communication channels. All changes shall be effective from the date of publication unless
			otherwise
			provided in the notification.
7. Contact Us
If you have any questions or requests in connection with these U.S. Privacy Disclosures or other privacy-related matters, please send an email to
privacy@tablethotels.com
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.verasafe.com/privacy-services/contact-article-27-representative:
Home
Public Resources
Contact an Organization Participating in the Data Protection Representative Program
This page is available in multiple languages
English
Čeština
Deutsch
Español
Français
Nederlands
Polski
Your Inquiry
* Indicates required field
Name of the VeraSafe Client Your Inquiry Is Directed To
*
HTML
Note: We can only handle inquiries related to foreign organizations that have actually appointed VeraSafe to act as their Data Protection Representative. We have no way to prevent an organization from falsely claiming that VeraSafe is their Data Protection Representative.
Provide a Detailed Description of Your Inquiry
*
Your First Name
*
Your Last Name
*
Your Email Address
*
Any Other Contact Information You Wish to Share
We will process your personal data as described in our
Privacy Policy
Submit
If you are a human seeing this field, please leave it empty.
A quick summary of how your inquiry will be handled:
As you’re likely aware, the purpose of this form is to help make it easier for you to get in touch with non-EU and/or non-UK organizations that process your personal data. Given that, any data you submit on this form will be transferred to the foreign organization that you identify in the “Name of the organization that your inquiry relates to” field, above, with the aim of helping resolve your concern. Note that you likely won’t hear any response to your inquiry from VeraSafe directly. Unless the foreign organization specifically authorizes us to respond to you directly, the foreign organization will be fully responsible for handling your inquiry on their own, without any involvement from VeraSafe. In our role as a representative working on behalf of foreign organizations, we can facilitate communication between you and the foreign organization but we don’t have any way to resolve your inquiry ourselves. We want to help you, but we have no power to force any foreign organization to respond to your inquiry, even if we (you and us) both think they should.
Since VeraSafe has a legal obligation to relay your inquiry to the foreign organization you identify above, your rights to request that we not use your data for this purpose are quite limited. Likewise, please be aware that we have a legal obligation to document how we handle your inquiries, which may prevent us from erasing your personal data upon your request. If you do not want VeraSafe to process your personal data, you must not submit such personal data to us in any way. You can always direct your concern to the foreign organization directly (instead of VeraSafe), and you have no obligation to send your inquiry to VeraSafe.
Examples of inquiries that are not likely to be accepted using this form:
Customer service issues
Inquiries that don’t provide enough information or context
Complaints that involve any threats, abusive language, or delivering legal notices
Requests for legal advice
Issues un-related to data protection
Inquiries directed to organizations that have not appointed any VeraSafe entity or affiliate as their Data Protection Representative
Examples of inquiries that are likely to be accepted using this form:
Substantive privacy concerns
Inquiries from regulatory agencies
Requests to exercise privacy rights
Sub-policy 1
https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.privacyrights.info/&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1710791473700389&usg=AOvVaw1vGqHzBfKWj6s6E9EIkC2X:
Redirect Notice
The page you were on is trying to send you to
https://www.privacyrights.info/
.
If you do not want to visit that page, you can
return to the previous page
.