1
2
3
4
5
Previous
Next
Mobile Apps Developers Orange County
#1 PhoneGap App Development Company in Orange County
Mobixed is focused on Mobile application development, a spinoff company from B3NET. We bring over 16 years of web application development experience, and over 3 years of mobile development. Based out of Orange County, California, we developed over 85 mobile apps that are now currently sold in iTunes and Google Play . Creating a successful mobile app for you requires product management, UI/UX design and code development experience to get to your market successfully. Mobixed has the experience and expertise to do that for you. Call us now for a no obligation consulting at 949.751.6109
Our Mobile Application Development Services include:
GUI (Graphic User Interface)
Native iOS App Development
Native Android App Development
Cordova PhoneGap
Concept Development
Prototypes
Custom Servers and API integrations
Web Services
Geo-fencing
Marketing Plans
Monetization Strategies
App analytics
Call us now for a Free Quote –
(949) 751-6109
Advanced Mobile Strategy
At Mobixed, we analyze your business roles and models. We study your target market, goals and call to actions, before we get down to frame out the perfect strategy to take your mobile app to the next level.
UX and UI Design Focus
A great app template needs to provide users with a free flow functionality that makes interaction visually appealing. UI and UX designs give smooth user experience to make users want to come back again.
Unrivaled Quality Driven Expertise
Mobixed was founded by very successful web development entrepreneurs. Our 16 years + quality driven expertise ensure you to stay ahead of the competition. We are a process driven company with solid years of coding experience.
Engineered Support
We build, test and launch applications with Agile Application Development Methodologies. Our apps are guaranteed to run smoothly across platforms like iOS and Android  to accelerate your business returns.
iOS Application Development
Apple remains to be one of the leading brands in the US market with approximately 63.2 million iPhone users in the United States alone. We will offer your customers an enjoyable mobile experience by developing an application that is user centric, on the world’s most advanced operating system.
Mobixed team of specialized iOS designers and app engineers will provide you with agile mobile application development solution on the latest mobile operating system such as iOS 7 and 8.  We have developed over 150 mobile apps for iTunes store.
iOS Expertise:
Integration of iOS features such as Apple Touch ID, Apple Pay,etc API integration of iPhone apps
Application server development combined with iBeacon and Bluetooth development
Geo Fencing
NFC Integration
Call us now for a Free Quote –
(949) 751-6109
View Projects
Android Application Development
Over 76 million people in the United States alone and more than one billion users worldwide, use Android. Your business could be needing the power of this one app to reach potential targets worldwide. Our team of  specialized Android app developers and designers, come together to figure out how to mirror your business in the rapidly growing Android world. We deliver the best and updated application solution for the latest Android version of 5.0 – 5.0.2.That is what we are engineered to do!
Android Expertise:
Custom GUI
Android Software Development Kit or SDK
3D Graphics
Open GL
Android Media APIs
Geo Fencing
NFC Integration
Android Security Architecture
App launch in stores (Google Play and Amazon)
Monetization and Marketing strategies
Call us now for a Free Quote –
(949) 751-6109
View Projects
PhoneGap Application Development
PhoneGap app development has a list of users longer than you can imagine. But, take a look to see if you can recognize some of these top Apache Cordova users who prefer PhoneGap for their cross platform mobile application development solution – Wikipedia, Facebook, Microsoft, Salesforce, Adobe, IBM. PhoneGap is an open source application framework, used to create hybrid apps for cross platform mobile operating system, with the help of JavaScript, HTML5 and CSS3. Our Mobixed team of specialized app developers brings to you hands on experience to build apps (be it a business app or a gaming app) that provide seamless operation across any mobile platform like Android, iPhone etc using a single code base. We have expertise to work on versatile projects!
PhoneGap Mobile Application Expertise:
Customized cross platform PhoneGap app development
Re-design and re-architecture build up of existing application
PhoneGap plug-in development
Easy access to native APIs such as contacts, accelerometer, camera, geo-location, compass, media,file,network, storage, notification and more.
Experts in app development using HTML5, CSS3, Jquery and JavaScript
Extensive testing and transportation of apps across different mobile operating platforms like iPhone and Android
Call us now for a Free Quote –
(949) 751-6109
Contact Us
Contact information
Mobixed LLC.
8992 Preston Rd, Ste 110-114,
Frisco
,
TX 75034
1570 E. Edinger Ave, #5
Santa Ana, CA 92705
949.751.6109
info (at) mobixed (dot) com
iPhone
Android
PhoneGap
iPhone
[Select all]
iPhone
Android
PhoneGap
500
Characters Remaining :
Help us fight spam by completing the following
Mobixed will not sell, rent or distribute your email address or phone number to any 3rd party. Information supplied will be used only for proposal Request.