CREATE
PRESENT
CLASSROOM
HANGOUT
PRODUCTS
PRICING
Voki Privacy Policy
We do not use your personal information for any purpose other than providing you with the Voki service you signed up for, and we do not transfer your information to any third party except as required in order to provide that service. The following policy describes in further detail what information we collect, why we collect it, how we use the information, and the choices you have thereafter. Any capitalized terms used within this Privacy Policy and not defined will have the same meaning as they do in our
Voki Terms and Conditions of Use
.
1. INFORMATION COLLECTED AND HOW WE COLLECT IT
When you use Voki, we may collect personal information from you when you provide it to us. For example, this may happen when you register to use our services, when you communicate with us for purposes of customer/technical support, when you answer one of our surveys. We may also collect your contact information should you ask to be included in our mailing lists or express an interest in hearing more about our offerings.
IT SHOULD BE STRESSED THAT WE DO NOT KNOWINGLY COLLECT OR SOLICIT PERSONAL INFORMATION FROM ANYONE UNDER THE AGE OF 13. OUR VOKI BASIC VERSION AND OUR PAID VERSION ARE AIMED FOR USE BY TEACHERS IN CLASSROOM SETTINGS AND ALLOW FOR THE CREATION OF STUDENT SUB-ACCOUNTS THAT DO NOT REQUIRE INDIVIDUAL REGISTRATION OR IDENTIFICATION OR CONTACT INFORMATION. IF YOU ARE UNDER 13, PLEASE DO NOT ATTEMPT TO CONTACT US OR SEND ANY OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION, INCLUDING YOUR NAME, ADDRESS, TELEPHONE NUMBER, OR EMAIL ADDRESS. PLEASE NOTIFY US IF YOU BECOME AWARE THAT WE HAVE NONETHLESS BEEN PROVIDED INFORMATION OF A MINOR UNDER THE AGE OF 13 WITHOUT PERMISSION OF THEIR GUARDIAN. IN THE EVENT THAT WE LEARN THAT WE HAVE COLLECTED PERSONAL INFORMATION FROM A CHILD UNDER THE AGE OF 13, WE WILL DELETE THAT INFORMATION AS QUICKLY AS POSSIBLE. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under the age of 13, please contact us at
support@voki.com
.
Additionally, when you visit our website, our web server automatically collects and aggregates information regarding your visit. This information includes your browser type, operating system, the Voki pages that you access and the date and time of your visit. Our mobile application also  collects certain information from our users automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device used, mobile operating system, the type of Internet browsers used, information about the way Voki is used, system and application software and peripherals that is gathered periodically to facilitate the provision of software updates, product support and other services (if any) related to Voki. All of this information is collected in aggregate to help us improve our products and offerings, and cannot be linked to a specific user in any way. We may also work with analytics companies to help us understand how Voki is being used, such as the frequency and duration of usage. No personal information is ever passed on to such 3rd party providers.
2. WHAT WE DO OR MIGHT DO WITH THE INFORMATION COLLECTED
We may use the information provided to us to:
Provide, maintain, protect and improve the Voki service, and to develop new services and offerings;
Customize, measure and improve our products, services, content and advertising;
Contact you from time to time with critical user or service updates or other information important to support Voki.
Receive feedback and comments from you about Voki and inquire about any features you would like to see in future offerings. We may also contact you to ask for your satisfaction rate, inform you of technical issues, or offer you upgrades, promotions and additional products that you may be interested in;
Send out newsletters, marketing or promotional materials  and other information which we believe may be of interest to you;
Bill you as applicable. Please be aware that our billing is done through use of third-party billing providers. We do not store any of your personal payment information.
Evaluate your use, preferences and trends for our own internal statistical and analytical purposes;
Prevent activity we determine to be potentially illegal;
Enforce this Privacy Policy, our Terms of Use or any other purpose referenced herein or therein.
3. DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION
We will not use your personal information for any purpose, other than those outlined in this Privacy Policy and/or in the
Voki Terms and Conditions of Use
, unless we have your consent. We will not share your personal information with any third parties without your permission, unless:
(1) We need to do so in order to provide you with the Voki services you signed up for. See “3rd Party Service Providers” section.
(2) We are required to do so by law or when necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on us, or when we believe in good faith that disclosure of information is necessary to prevent imminent physical harm, financial loss or to report suspected illegal activity. In all cases, such information will only be disclosed in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.
(3) In the event of a sale, merger, liquidation, dissolution, reorganization or acquisition of our company so long as the party acquiring the information agrees to be bound by the terms of this Privacy Policy or similar terms.
In addition, we may share aggregate statistics about users, sales, traffic patterns, and other information with third parties, but these statistics will not include any personally identifiable information.
4. Data Retention Policy, Managing Your Information
Voki accounts are recycled after being inactive for 24 months. This means that all account data is removed. If you would like us to delete your Voki data sooner, please contact us at
support@voki.com
and we will respond & address within a reasonable time.
You can remove any information retained by the Voki mobile app by simply uninstalling the app. Use the standard uninstall processes available on your mobile device.
You must accept cookies in order to properly use Voki, but you may choose to remove cookies from time to time by deleting all cookies from your mobile device and/or personal computer.
5. LINKS TO THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
Voki may link to other websites which may be hosted by our partners or by unrelated companies which we think may be of interest to you. Such websites are not governed by this Privacy Policy and we make no representation as to their practices for dealing with your personal information. We recommend that you check the privacy policy of any website at the beginning of your visit.
6. THIRD PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS
We do not sell, rent or otherwise share any of your information for monetary gain. We share information with 3rd parties only when required for delivering Voki features and capabilities that you have signed up for - and communicating with you about them.
For example:
We may use outside vendors to process your payments. We currently use Paypal’s payment gateway for this purpose.
We may use outside vendors for sending customer newsletters. We currently use EmailOctopus for this purpose.
Please be aware that this Privacy Policy does not cover the information practices exercised by these service providers. Though we have examined the privacy policies of all such vendors, and found them acceptable, we are not responsible for the privacy practices exercised by any such providers.
7. SECURING THE INFORMATION
We take reasonable technical and organizational measures to guard against unauthorized or unlawful processing of the information collected and against accidental loss or destruction of, or damage to, your personal data or that of other end-users. While no system is completely secure, we believe the measures implemented by our site measure up to industry standard for similar data and reduce the likelihood of security problems to a level appropriate to the type of data involved.
We undertake to notify all of our customers in case a security breach occurs that impacts customer data. Should we have information identifying compromised users or accounts, we will notify those customers specifically.
8. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may change the terms of this Privacy Policy from time to time in order to accurately reflect our practices as they evolve. Any material change to this policy will be clearly displayed to users at the time of login. Any changes to this policy will not have retroactive effect. Collected information will be dealt with in accordance with the provisions of our policy which were in effect at the time of collection.
9. ACCEPTANCE OF OUR PRIVACY POLICY
By using Voki, you are consenting to the practices related to information collection and use that are described in this Privacy Policy. All of the information collected by Voki will be stored on our secure servers located on the AWS cloud. As such, your information may be transferred to and maintained on computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction. Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
10. CONTACTING US
Any requests for access to your information, modification of your information or questions in respect of this policy should be sent to the following email address:
support@voki.com
.
Last Updated: May 15, 2023