Stockholm
Helsinki
13.03.2025
Book a trip
Welcome to the world of Tallink Silja Line
Experience the Baltic Sea with luxurious cruise ships and high-speed vessels
Discover our routes
Cross the sea between Helsinki and Tallinn – all year round
Choose from 6 daily departures
The nicest way together
Travel by sea to Stockholm, Helsinki or Tallinn for a day with those who matter the most
Book a roundtrip cruise
Stockholm
Helsinki
13.03.2025
Book a trip
Come and discover the pearls of the Baltic Sea!
Find your perfect short cruises and city breaks
New Menu Nordic
Inspired by the local cuisine
from 82 €/person
An exquisite symbiosis of flavors
Read more & book
Experience Comfort Class
Cosy lounge on Tallink Shuttles
plus 31 €/person
Additional fee
Read more & book
Last-minute Deal
Helsinki-Stockholm route, both directions
Up to 20% discount
Use code
LASTMINUTE
Book now
See all offers
Unforgettable entertainment & special events at sea!
Come and join us in our Starlight show bar for a fun night. We’ve got international dance groups, vocal performances, and star artists ready to wow you. There’s something for everyone, so check out some examples below and get ready for a cruise!
International Shows
Welcome to Starlight nightclubs, where you can enjoy the best shows around! The cruise liners from Helsinki to Stockholm and Tallinn to Stockholm both have amazing performances every night, with stunning dancers and singers.
Book a cruise
Sing, Dance & Celebrate
Listen to soulful troubadours or shine like a star in karaoke and sing along! Let the evergreen songs take you to the memory lane.
Check times
Moomin
Did you know that we are the Official Sea Carrier of Moomin? Moomin is on board Helsinki–Stockholm ships on weekends and every day during the ski holidays 14.2.-1.3.2025
Find kids’ programme
Harri the Seal
Our very own Harri the Seal loves to make new friends! You can meet him on board during weekends and school holidays. You are welcome to take the best selfie and hug the cuddly character during the cruise.
Find kids’ programme
Daily cruise programme
Experience more on your cruise
There’s plenty to keep travellers young and old entertained on board. You can shop at sea prices, enjoy the views, relax in the sauna or have a front row seat to our onboard shows. Find out more about what we offer here.
Connecting the Baltic Sea region
Welcome to the capital cities and discover the amazing Turku and Åland Islands! We provide year-round sea transportation and short cruises on the following routes:
Helsinki-Tallinn
Helsinki-Stockholm
Tallinn-Stockholm
Turku-Stockholm
Eat & drink
The Grande Buffet offers you the chance to try over 100 delicious dishes! Or, if you’re in the mood for something different, you can choose from a wide selection of menus in our à la carte restaurants.
View restaurant menus
Sweet Dreams
Whether you are travelling alone, with friends or family, you can find a cabin that suits your needs. Modern-furnished cabins have everything necessary to allow you to spend a pleasant mini-holiday at sea.
Find a perfect cabin
Shopping
Get ready to explore the amazing world of duty-free products and brands at incredible prices! View the fantastic offers from the comfort of your own home and start planning your shopping list before you even step on board!
Discover all shops
Fun-filled family cruise
The kids will love the cruise adventure! There’ll be crafts, a ball pit and an ice-cream buffet, along with fun activities and a disco. Book the Friendship package for extra fun!
Plan your family adventure
Our fleet
Take a look at our fleet! Each ship offers something a little different. Read on to find out more and choose the one that suits your travel plans best.
Explore our fleet
Download the
Tallink Silja Line
app
Our app provides easy access to booking and managing your trips, allowing you to view timetables, make reservations, check-in quickly from your phone, and much more.
More luxurious weekdays, nicer weekends
Treat yourself to a mini-vacation. Indulge in delicious cuisine and relaxation, shopping, and entertainment on board Tallink Silja Line ships as we take you to fantastic destinations on the other side of the Baltic Sea. With eventful departures every day, your holiday is just a step away.