Privacy policy
Last updated on February 3, 2023.
Our Policy
Playbook Technology, Inc. (“Playbook Technology”) is committed to protecting your privacy. We have prepared this Privacy Policy to describe to you our practices regarding the Personal Data (as defined below) we collect from users of (a) our websites, including Playbook.co and (b) our services, including the Playbook mobile applications (the “Playbook Mobile Apps”) and our API.
Our Privacy Promise
We won’t spam your networks.
You control your contacts.
We will be open and transparent about how we use your data.
Our Services
The Websites, Playbook Mobile Apps, the Playbook API, and all services provided by Playbook Technology via each of the foregoing, now and as they become available in the future are referred to collectively, the “Services”). As part of the Services, Playbook Technology organizes and provides efficient means to access and receive updates regarding your contacts that may have been previously dispersed over many different Third Party Platforms and to better manage your email and your calendar, each of which may have entries over various Third Party Platforms. “Third Party Platforms” are email and calendar services such as Gmail and Google Calendar and other similar platforms, from which you authorize us to import your contacts, email, and any additional information. Playbook Technology’s Services enable you to access, organize and receive updates about those with whom you have professional relationships, including publicly available information about your professional contacts.
Information We Collect
When you interact with us through our Services, we may collect personally identifiable data (“Personal Data”) and other information from you, as further described below:
Personal Data That You Provide: We collect Personal Data from you when you voluntarily provide such information, such as when you contact us with inquiries, respond to one of our surveys, register for access to our Services or use certain of our Services. We collect your name and contact information as well as your log-in credentials for each Third Party Platform (the “Third Party Login Credentials”) that you provide us.
By voluntarily providing us with Personal Data, you are consenting to our use of it in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you provide Personal Data to us via our Services, you acknowledge and agree that such Personal Data may be transferred from your current location to the offices and servers of Company and the authorized third party service providers referred to herein located in the United States and abroad.
Personal Information Collected Automatically:
We receive and store certain types of usage related information whenever you interact with Application. For example, Playbook Technologies Inc. may automatically receive and record information regarding your computer’s IP address, browser information, Facebook user ID, Facebook Page fan status, and URLs accessed. Such information may be shared in aggregate (non-personally identifiable) form with our partners
Other Information
Non-Identifiable Data: When you interact with us through our Services, we receive and store certain personally non-identifiable information. Such information, which is collected passively using various technologies, cannot presently be used to specifically identify you. We may store such information ourselves or such information may be included in databases owned and maintained by our affiliates, agents or third party service providers. We may use such information and pool it with other information to track, for example, the total number of visitors to our Services, the number of visitors to each page of our web sites, the number of individuals who use certain features of our Services, and the domain names of our visitors’ Internet service providers.
In operating this Services, we may use cookies. Our cookies help provide additional functionality our Services and help us analyze the use of our Services. On most web browsers, you will find a “help” section on the toolbar. Please refer to this section for information on how to receive notification when you are receiving a new cookie and how to turn cookies off. We recommend that you leave cookies turned on because they allow you to take advantage of some of the features of our Services.
Our Services may use third party services, including, without limitation, Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”) that uses cookies to help us analyze how users use our Services. The information generated by the cookie about your use of our Services (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on our other third party service providers. Google and our other third party service providers use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the Services, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Our third party service providers may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on their behalf[GP1] .
Aggregated Personal Data: In an ongoing effort to better understand and serve the users of our Services, we sometimes conduct research on our customer demographics, interests and behavior based on the Personal Data and other information provided to us. This research may be compiled and analyzed on an aggregate basis, and we may share this aggregate data with our affiliates, agents and business partners. This aggregate information does not identify you personally. We may also disclose aggregated user statistics in order to describe our Services to current and prospective business partners, and to other third parties for other lawful purposes.
Use of Your Personal Data and Other Information
We use the Personal Data you provide in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy. If you provide Personal Data for a certain reason, we may use the Personal Data in connection with the reason for which it was provided.. For instance, if you add notes to a contact, we will use the information you provide to give you more information on that contact. Also, if you provide Personal Data in order to obtain access to our Services, we will use your Personal Data to provide you with access to such services and to monitor your use of such services. Any Third Party Login Credentials will be used to provide you third party data in our services and to monitor your interaction behavior to improve our services. Playbook Technology and its subsidiaries and affiliates (the “Playbook Technology Related Companies”) may also use your Personal Data and other personally non-identifiable information collected through the use of our Services to help us improve the content and functionality of our Services to better understand our users and to improve our Services. The Playbook Technology Related Companies may use this information to contact you in the future to tell you about services we believe will be of interest to you. If we do so, each communication we send you will contain instructions permitting you to “opt-out” of receiving future communications. In addition, if at any time you wish not to receive any future communications or you wish to have your name deleted from our mailing lists, please contact us as indicated below.
Our Disclosure of Your Personal Data and Other Information:
Playbook Technology is not in the business of selling your Personal Data. We consider this information to be a vital part of our relationship with you. There are, however, certain circumstances in which we may share your Personal Data with certain third parties without further notice to you, as set forth below:
Business Transfers: As we develop our business, we might sell or buy businesses or assets. In the event of a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar event, Personal Data may be part of the transferred assets.
Related Companies: We may also share your Personal Data with the Playbook Technology Related Companies for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Agents, Consultants and Related Third Parties: Playbook Technology sometimes engages other companies to perform certain business-related functions. Examples of such functions include mailing information, maintaining databases and processing payments. When we engage another company to perform a function of this nature, we only provide them with the information that they need to perform their specific function.
Legal Requirements: Playbook Technology may disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to (i) comply with a legal obligation, (ii) protect and defend the rights or property of Playbook Technology, our users or other third parties, (iii) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of our Services, the public and/or any third party, or (iv) protect against legal liability.
Your Choices:
You have the choice to determine which, if any, Third Party Login Credentials you elect to supply to us. You also have the choice to opt-out of receiving email marketing communications from us. You can also have your Personal Data deleted by submitting a request to
support@playbookapp.io
HealthKit
Playbook Technologies Inc has Apple’s Healthkit integration records workouts completed, including name of the workout, duration and date/time of completion.
PHR data is app-based Personal Health Record information. This data is passed through to Healthkit for the purpose of providing real time metric feedback to the user about their workouts and training program. Beyond that, Playbook does not use the records in any capacity or share with third-parties.
The Healthkit data that we collect is classified as Personal Identifiable Information (PII) and Non- Personal Identifiable Information (NPII) For Clarification purposes:
PII is any PHR Data that connects to you as an individual such as names, health conditions, and other identifiers. Any additional PHR data that is PII will fall under this scope
NPII is PHR Data that is 1) grouped so it does not connect to you as an individual and 2) has names and other identifiers removed or altered.
Playbook Technologies Inc WILL NOT release Healthkit PII or non PII to any person, company or other entity for any reason, including but not limited to:
Marketing and Advertising
Medical and pharmaceutical research
Reporting about our company and or customer activity
Your insurer and employer
We may disclose your personal information to third parties should it be required to do so by law or subpoena or if we believe that such action is necessary to (a) conform to the law, comply with legal process served on us or our affiliates, or investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities; (b) to enforce our Terms of Use, take precautions against liability, to investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations, to assist government enforcement agencies, or to protect the security or integrity of our site; and (c) to exercise or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Company, or to otherwise act in the best interests of our users or others.
Your Personal Data is only collected by us from your direct use with the Playbook Technologies app, and if you granted both our app and Apple’s HealthKit permission.
If you close or transfer your profile with us, we no longer collect any PHR data
Children:
The Services are not designed for or intended for use by children and Playbook Technology does not knowingly collect Personal Data from children under the age of 13. If you are under the age of 13, please do not submit any Personal Data through our Services.. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided Personal Data to Playbook Technology through this Services, please contact us,
and we will endeavor to delete that information from our databases.
Links to Other Web Sites:
This Privacy Policy applies only to our Services. Our Services may contain links to other web sites not operated or controlled by us (the “Third Party Sites”). The policies and procedures we described here do not apply to the Third Party Sites. The links from our Services do not imply that we endorse or have reviewed the Third Party Sites. We suggest contacting those sites directly for information on their privacy policies.
Social Media:
Through our Services, you can choose to access certain social media websites and services that are owned and/or controlled by third parties (such websites and services, collectively, the “Social Media Services”). When you elect to access and use the Social Media Services, you will be sharing your information (which will include personal information if you elect to share such information) with those Social Media Services. As with other Third Party Sites, the information that you share with the Social Media Services will be governed by the privacy policies and terms of service of the providers of such Social Media Services and not by the policies and procedures we describe here. You may also be able to modify your privacy settings with these Social Media Services to, for example, control what information the Social Media Services disclose to other entities, including Company. When you add Social Media Service accounts to the Company Services or log into our Services using your Social Media Services account, we will collect relevant information necessary to enable our Services to access that Social Media Service, however you will provide your login information, like your password, directly to such Social Media Service (and not to Company). As part of such integration, the Social Media Service will provide Company with access to certain information that you have provided to such Social Media Service, and we will use, store and disclose such information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and, if and to the extent applicable, the policies of such Social Media Services. However, please remember that the manner in which Social Media Services use, store and disclose your information is governed by the policies of the applicable Social Media Services provider, and, as a result, Company shall not have any liability or responsibility for the privacy practices or other actions of Social Media Services that may be enabled within and/or otherwise accessible through our Services.
Security:
Company takes reasonable steps to protect the Personal Data provided via our Services from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. However, no Internet or e-mail transmission is ever fully secure or error free. In particular, e-mail sent to or from our Services may not be secure. Therefore, you should take special care in deciding what information you send to us via e-mail. Please keep this in mind when disclosing any Personal Data to Playbook Technology via the Internet.
Other Terms and Conditions:
Your access to and use of our Services is subject to the Terms of Use.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy:
Our Services and our business may change from time to time. As a result, at times it may be necessary for Playbook Technology to make changes to this Privacy Policy. Playbook Technology reserves the right to update or modify this Privacy Policy at any time and from time to time without prior notice. Please review this policy periodically, and especially before you provide any Personal Data. This Privacy Policy was last updated on the date indicated above. Your continued use of our Services after any changes or revisions to this Privacy Policy shall indicate your agreement with the terms of such revised Privacy Policy.
Access to Information; Contacting Playbook Technology:
To keep your Personal Data accurate, current, and complete, please contact us as specified below. We will take reasonable steps to update or correct Personal Data in our possession that you have previously submitted via our Services.
Please also feel free to contact us if you have any questions about Playbook Technology’s Privacy Policy or the information practices of our Services.
You may contact us as follows:
support@playbookapp.io