Daybreak Privacy Policy
1. PURPOSE OF THIS POLICY
Hello Sunday Morning (ABN 82 145 512 125) (HSM) is a non-profit organisation which aims to assist individuals to change their relationship with alcohol. HSM owns Daybreak which is accessible via a mobile app (DAYBREAK).
This Privacy Policy outlines how HSM collects, handles and protects information which identifies individuals (PERSONAL INFORMATION, including information which is SENSITIVE or HEALTH INFORMATION) and is collected from individuals who have subscribed (MEMBERS) to DAYBREAK. In particular, MEMBERS should be aware that some of their information is stored and processed on servers located
in Australia and some is stored and processed in the United States of America
, which may be outside their country of residence. MEMBERS are therefore required to give express consent to the transfer, processing and storage of their data in Australia and the United States of America. If a MEMBER chooses not to consent to the transfer of data they will not be able to access the services provided under the DAYBREAK and will not be able to complete registration.
If you have contact with HSM for reasons,
other than
as a subscriber to DAYBREAK and you wish to know how HSM handles your Personal Information, please see the privacy policy at https://hellosundaymorning.org/privacy-policy/.
This Privacy Policy complies with the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) (‘the Privacy Act’) and has been developed in line with the Australian Privacy Principles in the Privacy Act.
Important definitions which apply to this policy:
“Personal Information”
is information or an opinion about an identified individual, or an individual who is reasonably identifiable, whether the information is true or not and whether the information is recorded in a material form or not.
“Health information”
is (a) Personal Information or an opinion about: (i) the health or a disability (at any time) of an individual; or (ii) an individual’s expressed wishes about the future provision of health services to him or her; or any other Personal Information about you when a Health Service Provider collects it.
“A Health Service Provider”
is an organisation that provides a health service and holds Health Information is covered by the Privacy Act 1988 (Privacy Act), even if they’re a small business or providing a health service is not their primary activity.
“Sensitive Information”
is any Health or genetic information, information or opinion about an identified Member’s racial or ethnic origin; political opinions; membership of a political association, religious beliefs or affiliations, philosophical beliefs, trade union, professional or trade association membership; sexual preferences or practices or criminal record.
HSM respects MEMBERS’ right to privacy and is committed to safeguarding MEMBERS’ privacy when engaging with DAYBREAK.
HSM’S PRIVACY OFFICER may be contacted by emailing
privacy@hellosundaymorning.org
2. ANONYMITY
When a MEMBER registers a profile with HSM through DAYBREAK, they will be required to provide HSM with their email address for administrative/registration purposes. MEMBERS are also encouraged to use a nickname (MEMBER NAME), not their real name for their profile and participation in the COMMUNITY FEED and to not disclose this name to others in order to retain anonymity. Retention of anonymity means that certain information provided by a MEMBER does not become identifiable, so it is important that MEMBERS adhere to this rule.
3. WHAT IS DAYBREAK?
DAYBREAK is a mobile app developed by HSM to provide a platform whereby MEMBERS can anonymously engage with each other online via written posts to discuss changing their relationship with alcohol. All MEMBERS can view the posts. Posts are moderated by HSM’s MODERATORS as set out in COMMUNITY RULES.
In addition, to providing a discussion feed for MEMBERS (COMMUNITY FEED), DAYBREAK includes features whereby Members can choose to undertake behavioural experiments (EXPERIMENTS).
In order to become a MEMBER, individuals must be at least 18 years old.
DAYBREAK is NOT a crisis service and is NOT monitored in real time, 24 hours/ 7 days per week. In a crisis situation, MEMBERS should not rely on posting their concerns in DAYBREAK  but should immediately contact emergency services in their country as every minute counts.
4. TYPES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED
A) Anonymous Community Feed
DAYBREAK has a COMMUNITY FEED for MEMBERS to exchange information with each other anonymously.  Anonymity facilitates MEMBERS to openly share their concerns and to support each other without being identified and enables HSM to minimise the amount of identifiable information collected about MEMBERS.
MEMBERS are therefore encouraged to use a nickname or pseudonym in their interactions in DAYBREAK (MEMBER NAME) in the COMMUNITY FEED and to respect other MEMBERS right to stay anonymous by not using the COMMUNITY FEED to break anonymity (see the COMMUNITY GUIDELINES for further information).
MEMBERS are not able to identify MEMBERS’ registered identity and other Personal Information from the MEMBER NAME. However, HSM does retain the link between the MEMBER NAME and MEMBERS’ registered identity in the event that the MODERATOR reasonably determines that they should contact the MEMBER to provide emergency assistance information or apply COMMUNITY GUIDELINES. This information may also be made available to HSM’s technical and customer support and the Privacy Officer in order to respond to MEMBER enquiries.
HSM does not require MEMBERS to provide identifiable HEALTH or other SENSITIVE INFORMATION in DAYBREAK.  Any such PERSONAL, HEALTH or SENSITIVE INFORMATION posted by MEMBERS in the COMMUNITY FEED or provided to MODERATORS is done voluntarily and at MEMBERS’ own risk of exposure of their identity and that information.
To ensure that we comply with Australian Privacy laws and Australian laws regarding the retention of HEALTH INFORMATION, we categorise MEMBERS information as follows:
a. Any identifiable information is PERSONAL INFORMATION and treated as such in compliance with Australian Privacy Laws;
b. Any identifiable information that includes HEALTH INFORMATION is treated as such in compliance with Australian Privacy Laws and Australian laws relating to the retention of HEALTH INFORMATION;
c. Any information that is provided on an anonymous basis and a health crisis is identified requiring matching of the registered identity by HSM with the MEMBER NAME in order to intervene, becomes HEALTH INFORMATION and will be treated in accordance with Australian Privacy Laws and Australian laws relating to retention of HEALTH INFORMATION;
d. Any information that is provided by a MEMBER on an anonymous basis into the COMMUNITY FEED, to a MODERATOR and is also a breach of COMMUNITY GUIDELINES which requires matching of the registered identity of the MEMBER by HSM with the MEMBER NAME in order to intervene, potentially becomes PERSONAL and/or HEALTH INFORMATION and will be treated in accordance with Australian Privacy Laws.
B) Registration Information
Registration information collected by HSM from MEMBERS includes:
The following mandatory registration information:
Agreement to this Privacy Policy, Community Guidelines and Terms & Conditions of Use of DAYBREAK
Nickname/Pseudonym;
Email address,
Gender,
Year of Birth,
Location (including postcode and country),
Information about alcohol consumption and well-being;
MEMBERS’ short-term and long-term goals.
The following optional registration information:
Identity of private health insurance utilised (if any).
Ethnicity,
Nature of the MEMBERS immediate social circumstances (eg living with themselves, partner, children, housemate, parents).
From time to time, HSM will post requests for further information from MEMBERS for research and quality assurance purposes.  See RESEARCH section.
Cookies, our website and your privacy
So, we can understand your usage and browsing history of DAYBREAK, third party providers to HSM collect this information via cookies.  We use this information to assess the effectiveness of DAYBREAK and to improve its quality assurance, functionality and appeal.  DAYBREAK also collects technical data such as country from which contact is being made.  Cookies do not reveal Personal Information, such as your name, address, phone number or address.  Members can adjust their browser to disable cookies, but this may restrict the Members access to, and ability to use all aspects of DAYBREAK.
5. WHY HSM COLLECTS MEMBERS’ PERSONAL INFORMATION (and how HSM uses it)
HSM only collects, holds and handles information about MEMBERS that is necessary for it to:
a. complete registration under DAYBREAK;
b. provide MEMBERS with DAYBREAK’s services;
c. improve DAYBREAK’s functionality;
d. promote and market DAYBREAK; including use of attribution tools that use IP addresses to understand how MEMBERS find Daybreak (e.g. through social media campaigns);
e. respond to MEMBERS’ enquiries;
f. monitor compliance with COMMUNITY FEED rules;
g. comply with a funder’s statistical reporting requirements;
h. conduct research by itself or in conjunction with third parties, including the compilation or analysis of statistics for management, funding or monitoring of the DAYBREAK service or to measure and improve the effectiveness of DAYBREAK in the assisting MEMBERS change their relationship with alcohol;
i. review written exchanges between a MEMBER and a MODERATOR for the following purposes:
A) to review a MEMBER’s complaint about a particular issue/instance that they reported about a MODERATOR;
B) for MEMBER safety concerns or complaints of unethical communications;
C) for HSM’s training and supervisory purposes;
D) in response to a quality assurance concern of a MEMBER; and
E) to use “Meta Data” and other search terms to scan de-identified MODERATOR MESSAGES to search for trends and patterns that may affect HSM’S quality of service, DAYBREAK or the practices of HSM’S MODERATORS and to contribute to research in relation to alcohol use and online social connection platforms.
HSM may from time to time distribute surveys through DAYBREAK or to MEMBERS’ email addresses seeking feedback to improve MEMBERS’ experience of DAYBREAK or for marketing purposes to promote DAYBREAK.  In addition, HSM may engage in health research and seek the participation of MEMBERS.
MEMBERS invited to be involved in such marketing and/or research can provide consent (opt in) or deny consent (opt out) at the time such invitations occur. Opting out of marketing or research will not impact on MEMBERS ability to continue to participate in use of DAYBREAK.
For any enquiries about marketing, please contact
marketing@hellosundaymorning.org.
6. WHEN DOES HSM DISCLOSE MEMBERS PERSONAL INFORMATION TO PEOPLE OUTSIDE THE ORGANISATION?
We do not sell your Personal Information to third parties.
To the extent practicable HSM will only disclose de-identified information about MEMBERS outside its organisation on the following bases:
a)
to HSM’s accountants, funders, grant providers, financial advisors and legal advisors for the purposes of maintaining the provision of the DAYBREAK’s services and HSM’s business generally;
b)
to HSM’s academic partners and/or academic publications for the purposes of publishing research regarding the usage and effectiveness of DAYBREAK in helping MEMBERS change their relationship with alcohol;
c)
to HSM’s service providers and contractors to help HSM provide, manage, administer, monitor, distribute, operate or facilitate DAYBREAK’s services; to develop, market or provide HSM’s products and services, and to enable HSM to provide and improve its services (for example, web hosting companies, website administrators, mobile app distribution platforms, support services companies, marketing campaign attribution services, data analytics and analysis companies, advertising partners and payment processing venders);
d)
to law enforcement, government or regulatory bodies, lawful authorities, or other authorised third parties: in order to comply with laws, regulations, court orders, or other legal obligations, assist in an investigation, protect and defend our rights and property or the rights or safety of third parties, to enforce our TERMS OF USE, this Privacy Policy, or agreements with third parties, or to assist with crime-prevention purposes; or
e)
to any other third parties:
i. if HSM considers it necessary to protect the rights or property of HSM or any other individual, or to lessen a serious threat to a person’s health or safety;
ii. if a MEMBER has given permission for us to do so;
iii. to obtain funding or prospective funding for HSM to perform its services;
iv. to configure the DAYBREAK’s services to meet MEMBERS or a MEMBER’S wishes and needs;
v. to generate anonymous statistical data;
vi. where there is a change of control in HSM’s business or a sale or transfer of HSM’s business assets, HSM reserves the right to transfer to the extent permissible at law, DAYBREAK, together with any Personal information (including Sensitive and Health Information) and de-identified information of MEMBERS, to a potential purchaser of HSM’s assets on the condition that they maintain the information confidentially and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
7. STORAGE AND SECURITY OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
All conversations in the COMMUNITY FEED and MODERATOR  MESSAGES are electronically stored at the time of posting.
HSM will use all reasonable endeavours and appropriate technical and organisational safeguards to maintain the security of Personal Information (including Health Information) it collects against unauthorised access, modification or disclosure and to make DAYBREAK as secure as possible against unauthorised access of MEMBERS’ personal information. Data transmissions over the Internet cannot be guaranteed to be fully and absolutely secure. DAYBREAK has security measures in place designed to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.
Security measures include the encryption of COMMUNITY FEED posts, MODERATION MESSAGES and other self-reported data during transmission and at rest. HSM uses standard Secure Socket Layer encryption that encodes these posts and transcripts during transmission. All posts and transcripts are maintained on secure services for a period of time, as defined by relevant laws.
Access to stored data is protected by multi-layer security controls including firewalls, role-based access controls and passwords. MEMBERS accept that all conversations in the COMMUNITY FEED, with MODERATORS or in blogs are electronically stored at the time of posting/sharing in the COMMUNITY FEED, or with MODERATORS and that these records are retained and may contain PERSONAL or, HEALTH INFORMATION which has been voluntarily provided by MEMBERS.
HSM cannot ensure or warrant that MEMBERS’ PERSONAL or HEALTH INFORMATION will always be secure during transmission or protected from unauthorised access during storage therefore MEMBERS provide such information on DAYBREAK at their own risk.
MEMBERS should contact the Privacy Officer immediately at privacy@hellosundaymorning.org if they become aware or have reason to believe there has been unauthorised use of their Personal or Health information in connection with DAYBREAK.
8. DATA BREACH
If HSM becomes aware of a breach of data which is likely to result in serious harm to the MEMBER whose PERSONAL INFORMATION is involved in the breach, HSM will quickly investigate it and then as soon as practicable notify the affected individual(s) and the Australian Information Commissioner of:
a)
the identity and contact details of the organisation;
b)
a description of the data breach;
c)
the kinds of information concerned; and
d)
recommendations about the steps individuals should take in response to the data breach.
If a MEMBER has a reasonable belief to suspect there has been a breach of their PERSONAL INFORMATION, they should immediately contact HSM’s Privacy Officer at
privacy@hellosundaymorning.org.
9. TRANSFER OF MEMBERS’ PERSONAL INFORMATION TO OTHER COUNTRIES
HSM stores MEMBERS’ information on its servers located inside Australia and the United States of America. Please be aware the information HSM collects (including for example, device data) may be transferred, processed and/or stored in a country outside of a MEMBER’s country of residence. As such MEMBERS’ PERSONAL INFORMATION may be transferred, processed and stored in a country or region in which the data protection and privacy laws, including MEMBERS’ rights, may not give a MEMBER the same level of protection as they have in the country or /region where they live or are a citizen.
In order to use DAYBREAK requires MEMBERS to give express consent to the transfer, processing and storage of their data (including de-identified and identified) in Australia. If a MEMBER chooses not to consent to the transfer of data they will not be able to access the services provided in DAYBREAK and will not be able to complete registration.
10. MEMBERS ACCESS TO AND CORRECTION OF THEIR PERSONAL INFORMATION
MEMBERS may seek correction of their PERSONAL INFORMATION by writing to Customer Support at support@daybreakprogram.org. MEMBERS may obtain access to or deletion of their PERSONAL INFORMATION by writing to our Privacy Officer at privacy@hellosundaymorning.org.
To assist HSM in the process, it would be helpful if a MEMBER seeking access provides HSM with their email address and nickname and a telephone number so they can be contacted if HSM has any queries about the request. HSM will reasonably endeavour to respond to any MEMBER’s request within SEVEN (7) Australian business days.
It is MEMBERS responsibility to ensure that their Personal Information which was required for registration is accurate and kept up to date. MEMBERS are responsible for advising HSM of any changes to such Personal Information.
When a MEMBER’S account is DELETED:
The Member will not be able to log in to DAYBREAK;
The MEMBER NAME will be removed from all of the member’s posts, shares and comments in DAYBREAK;
All of the Member’s posts and comments will remain in the Community FEED in DAYBREAK;
Any information related to when a MEMBER was provided with crisis intervention or support by HSM will be retained securely as HEALTH INFORMATION;
Any information related to when a MEMBER breached the COMMUNITY GUIDELINES and intervention was provided by HSM will be retained securely as PERSONAL INFORMATION and/or HEALTH INFORMATION;
Any de-identified health information and demographics will be stored securely and retained for HSM’s research purposes for 10 years after it was provided.
HEALTH INFORMATION will be retained for the period required by Australian law and then securely destroyed.
PERSONAL INFORMATION will be retained for the period required by Australian law and for as long as it is required for or relevant to HSM’s organisational purposes and then securely destroyed.
11. CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy is effective from
21 September 2022
HSM may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. MEMBERS use of DAYBREAK following any such change to the Privacy Policy will confirm acceptance of the changes.  HSM will notify MEMBERS of any changes to this Privacy Policy by posting the updated version of this policy on DAYBREAK.
12. APPLICABLE LAW
DAYBREAK is controlled from HSM’s offices in New South Wales. This Privacy Policy will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of New South Wales. MEMBERS irrevocably and unconditionally submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of New South Wales.
If any provision of this Privacy Policy is found to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of law, such invalidity or unenforceability will not affect the remainder of this Privacy Policy which will continue in full force and effect.
13. QUESTIONS AND COMPLAINTS
If MEMBERS have any questions, complaints or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy or believe their privacy has been breached, please contact our Privacy Officer in writing at PO Box 1012, Surry Hills NSW Australia 2010 or emailing
privacy@hellosundaymorning.org
.  HSM will reasonably endeavour to provide a response within 14 Australian business days.
If a MEMBER is not satisfied with HSM’s response, they may lodge a complaint with the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (‘OAIC’) by writing to OAIC at GPO Box 5218, Sydney NSW 2001. For further information about the OAIC, please visit
www.oaic.gov.au
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://hellosundaymorning.org/privacy-policy/:
Skip to content
Main Navigation
Learn about alcohol
What happens when you cut down or stop drinking?
We all know that drinking alcohol is not the healthiest activity to engage in. But what exactly happens to our body and mind once we stop? After as little as one month, you could see some benefits from reducing or quitting alcohol, like an uptick in physical health, mental wellbeing, mood, sleep, productivity and focus.
Your relationship with alcohol
If you’re considering a change in your relationship with alcohol, the good news is you’re not alone. While we live in a society where socialising and celebration usually mean alcohol is also a guest, there’s been a notable rise in cultural movements such as ‘sober curious’ and ‘mindful drinking’. There’s also more alcohol-free drinks available
Alcohol withdrawal
When a person who has been drinking heavily for a long period of time stops alcohol suddenly or cuts down a lot, they might experience alcohol withdrawal. Withdrawal is the medical term used for the cluster of physical and psychological symptoms that often occur.   While alcohol withdrawal varies in severity, its worst case is life
Our research
Helpful resources
Topics
Make a change
Daybreak app
Drink Tracker
Care Navigator
Am I drinking too much
Hello Change
Supporting family & friends
Alcohol alternatives
Personal Stories
About us
Who we are
Support our work
Community Fundraising
Media centre
Work with us
Contact
Find support
Hello Sunday Morning Privacy Policy & Collection Statement
Your privacy is important to us. We want to ensure that you know what information we collect about you, how we store it and use it.
Hello Sunday Morning (“HSM”) (ABN 82 145 512 125) is a non-profit organisation. HSM is committed to protecting and securing the privacy and confidentiality of your Personal Information.
We have a service called DAYBREAK which provides an online space for people seeking to change their relationship with alcohol to exchange information with each other about their journey. DAYBREAK is available on the Apple and Google Play stores and can be downloaded from
https://hellosundaymorning.org/daybreak/
. We have created a separate privacy policy to cover the information collected, stored and used by HSM on DAYBREAK. You can find the DAYBREAK privacy policy at this link
https://hellosundaymorning.org/daybreak-privacy-policy/
. If you want to know more about DAYBREAK go to
https://hellosundaymorning.org/daybreak/
.
This privacy policy complies with the Privacy Act 9188 (Cth) (“the Privacy Act”), including the Australian Privacy Principles in relation to collecting, holding, using, disclosing, securing and allowing access to your personal information.
This Privacy Policy provides information about how we manage the Personal Information we collect from you, except Personal Information collected via DAYBREAK which has its own Privacy policy.
Important Definitions
“
Personal Information
” is information or an opinion about an identified individual, or an individual who is reasonably identifiable, whether the information is true or not and whether the information is recorded in a material form or not.
The types of Personal Information collected by HSM may include:
The names, contact information and financial information of our individual donors and funders;
Details of donors’ donation history and correspondence or interactions with HSM;
The names, contact information and employment, work experience and academic history of potential staff and directors, interns or volunteers;
The names and email addresses of people who subscribe to our weekly newsletter;
Contact details of people who have agreed to participate in research, HSM events or marketing campaigns.
In addition, we may also collect and hold Sensitive Information about our employees, directors, interns and volunteers.
“
Sensitive Information
” is any Health or genetic information, information or opinion about an individual’s racial or ethnic origin; political opinions; membership of a political association, religious beliefs or affiliations, philosophical beliefs, trade union, professional or trade association membership; sexual preferences or practices or criminal record.
“
Health information
” (which is also ‘Sensitive information’) is (a) information or an opinion about: (i) the health or a disability (at any time) of an individual; or. (ii) an individual’s expressed wishes about the future provision of health services to him or her; or any other Personal Information about you when a Health Service Provider collects it.
“
A Health Service Provider
” is an organisation that
provides a health service
and holds
health information
that is covered by the
Privacy Act 1988
(Privacy Act), even if they’re a small business or providing a health service is not their primary activity.
HSM respects your right to privacy and is committed to safeguarding your privacy when engaging with our products and services.
HSM’S PRIVACY OFFICER may be contacted by emailing
privacy@hellosundaymorning.org
How we collect Personal Information
We usually collect your Personal Information directly from you when you provide it over the phone, through the HSM website, through an online form, web-based survey link, or in person at any event, or via a donation.
We will not collect, hold, use or disclose Sensitive Information (including Health Information) about you unless you have given us your consent to do so, or where we are required to disclose it by law.  Please note that Health Information is collected in the DAYBREAK service (see DAYBREAK privacy policy –
https://hellosundaymorning.org/daybreak-privacy-policy/
and via the Alcohol and Wellbeing Self-assessment on the HSM website.
You can remain anonymous or use a pseudonym when you contact us and/or if you make a donation.  However, if you choose not to provide us with your Personal Information, we may not always be able to follow up your request.  For example, if you do not provide us with Personal Information, such as your name and contact details, we may not be able to provide you with an official tax-deductible receipt or assist you fully in relation to your query or complaint.
HSM provides products and services for adults only (i.e., only individuals 18 years of age or older).  We do not knowingly collect or solicit Personal Information from children (i.e. individuals younger than 18 years of age).  If you are a child, please do use HSM’s services or products or send any Personal Information about yourself to us.  If we learn that we have collected the Personal Information of a child, we will delete that information as quickly as possible.  If you believe a child may have provided us with Personal Information, please contact us at
privacy@hellosundaymorning.org
Cookies, our website and your privacy
So we can understand how you came to the HSM website and related social media platforms (eg facebook; twitter) and how you use it, we rely on cookies provided by third parties.  This enables us to assess the effectiveness of our online activity to encourage participation in our products and services (eg DAYBREAK, HSM events).  We may also use your browsing history on the HSM website to send related messages on our work or for research purposes.  Cookies do not reveal Personal Information, such as your name, address, phone numbers or email address.  You can adjust your browser to disable cookies, but this may restrict your ability to access certain areas of the HSM website.
The HSM website
https://hellosundaymorning.org/
will provide a link to the Alcohol and Wellbeing Self-assessment. The HSM website is not hosting or collecting any data related to the Alcohol and Wellbeing Self-assessment. The Alcohol and Wellbeing Self-assessment and associated research study is managed within the product Qualtrics. Please see the statement on cookie management from Qualtrics, which includes information on how to manage and delete cookies:
https://www.qualtrics.com/cookie-statement
. For further information on data privacy and security in relation to the Alcohol and Wellbeing Self-assessment, please see the relevant Qualtrics statements:
Privacy Statement:
https://www.qualtrics.com/privacy-statement/
Security Statement:
https://www.qualtrics.com/security-statement/
How we store your Personal Information
HSM understands the importance of protecting your Personal Information from misuse, loss or unauthorised access or use and will take all reasonable steps to ensure that your Personal Information is secure.
HSM holds your Personal Information securely through physical and electronic means.  Physical access to our offices is restricted and is secured by an alarm.  Personal or Sensitive information of past, current or potential directors, employees, and any volunteers or interns is stored electronically with access restricted to specific HSM human resources department employees.  Personal Information regarding individual donors is stored in a secure third-party payment gateway with access restricted to HSM’s finance personnel.
We use security encrypted forms to protect the Personal Information you provide us electronically and secure online payment systems.  Our in house IT system is secured with a firewall and anti-virus scanners and your information is stored in secure data bases on a third party server located in Australia and only authorised HSM personnel have access to your information and only when it is required for them to perform their duties.
Cross border disclosure of Personal Information
As is the case with many organisations, HSM uses third party software for payroll, donation processing and other organisational functions.  If the software provider is not located in Australia and subject to Australian privacy laws, we seek to use software that is password protected, has two step authentication and uses security encryption, particularly for financial information and to minimise the amount of identifiable information we export into these systems  Access to these sites on behalf of HSM is limited to a restricted number of HSM personnel who are required to access and use the information as part of their employment duties.
We endeavour to store your information and use software solutions and suppliers hosted or located in Australia, to provide some certainty regarding the privacy laws which apply to any Personal Information you provide to us. However, if you are using our website and are located outside Australia, we store and process information outside your country and may process information using software from third parties located outside Australia (e.g., the United States of America).  You acknowledge and agree that as a condition of providing us with your Personal Information, you can legally transfer it to Australia (if you are located outside Australia) and to any other country (if you are located within Australia or a country other than the location of our third party software providers).
Where there is a need to engage suppliers hosted or located outside Australia, HSM will take reasonable steps to negotiate compliance with Australian privacy laws and if that is not possible to ensure that the supplier provides contractual assurances that it complies with its country’s privacy laws.  In addition, HSM will seek to ensure that the contract it enters into with suppliers documents:
the type of Personal Information to be disclosed by HSM to the supplier and the restricted purpose of disclosure;
the supplier’s obligations in relation to collection, use, disclosure, storage, destruction or de-identification of Personal Information;
the supplier’s complaints handling process for privacy complaints;
the supplier’s data breach response plan which includes a mechanism to immediately notify the supplier of Personal Information (e.g. HSM) of the nature of the breach, Personal Information affected and the remedial action taken or to be taken
provides a mechanism for suppliers of Personal Information (e.g. HSM) to monitor compliance with privacy laws.
When do we destroy or de-identify Personal Information?
HSM will destroy or de-identify your Personal Information when it is no longer required for the purpose for which it was collected, unless the law requires otherwise (for example, financial records may be required to be kept for up to 7 years).
What do we do with unsolicited Personal Information?
If you send us your Personal information when we don’t ask for it (e.g. an application to work for a job with HSM, when we have not sought applicants), we will determine whether or not the information is related to one or more of our activities and seek your permission to retain it for that purpose.  If the information is not relevant to any of our activities, we will destroy or de-identify the Personal Information, if it is lawful and reasonable to do so.
How we use your Personal Information
We use your Personal Information to carry out our HSM charitable activities, which may include:
Retaining your details if you are a current, potential or past member of our Board of Directors, employee, volunteer or intern;
Processing any donations you send to us
Sending you information about HSM
Keeping your informed about our work, research activities, inviting you to events or to contribute information about your experience on DAYBREAK or with other Hello Sunday Morning services and products
Responding to your queries, complaints, comments or compliments
Sending you surveys to help us improve our communication, services, events, research, quality assurance or other related activities
Reporting on our activities, including our Annual Report
We may contact you via phone, email, SMS, social media channels (eg facebook) or DAYBREAK (if you are a Member).
HSM relies on the generosity of our funding partners and donors to carry out our activities and provide services and products, such as DAYBREAK.  Therefore, we may use your Personal Information for direct marketing purposes to promote our upcoming events, fundraising appeals, or other related activities.  However, where we do use your information for this purpose we will provide you with a simple means to OPT OUT of receiving direct marketing communications.
If you wish to opt-out of communications that we provide in all our digital communications you can click on the unsubscribe link or simply email
marketing@hellosundaymorning.org
with the subject heading OPT OUT.
Disclosing your Personal Information to third parties
We do not sell your Personal Information to third parties.
HSM will only use and disclose your Personal Information in accordance with the Privacy Act and the Australian Privacy Principles.  This may include where use or disclosure is required by law, where we have your consent to the use or disclosure (e.g. to third parties for research) or for the purpose for which it was collected or related purposes that you would reasonably expect HSM to use or disclose that Personal Information.  It is our intention however to restrict the disclosure of identifiable information (i.e. Personal Information) and instead use de-identified information.
HSM will not disclose your Personal Information to any individuals or organisations apart from our own hired contractors and service providers that have been engaged on the condition that they treat such information on a confidential basis and comply with similar or equivalent privacy principles to those applicable to HSM.
Accuracy & Deletion of Personal Information
The accuracy of your Personal Information kept by HSM, depends on what information you provide to us. To assist us in keeping any Personal Information about you up to date, please contact us by emailing info@hellosundaymorning.org. Even if you don’t contact us, if we are satisfied that having regard to the reasons for which we hold your Personal Information, that it is no longer accurate, irrelevant or misleading, and we are not otherwise required to retain it by law or for legal reasons, we may take reasonable steps to correct or discard the information.
Access, Updating and Correction of Personal Information
You have the right to access, update and correct Personal Information that HSM holds about you.  Any such requests should be made by emailing info@hellosundaymorning.org; or posting a letter to 103 Alexander St, Crows Nest, NSW 2065. Please note we will need to verify your identity to establish that the Personal Information you wish to access, amend or update is your Personal Information.  In the unlikely event that we are unable to comply with such a request in relation to your Personal Information, we will provide you with written reasons for denying access.
Queries and complaints
HSM wants to hear from you.  Any enquiries, concerns or complaints about privacy matters should be made in writing to the HSM Privacy Officer at (privacy@hellosundaymorning.org) or 103 Alexander St, Crows Nest, NSW 2065. We will respond to all your enquiries as quickly as practicable. In general we will respond to your query or complaint within 30 calendar days (excluding NSW public holidays
https://www.nsw.gov.au/about-new-south-wales/public-holidays/
), normally much sooner.  If you prefer to deal with us anonymously, you can but we may not necessarily be able to deal with your query or complaint if your identity is required to locate the relevant information to respond to your query or complaint.
If you are not satisfied with how we have responded to your query or complaint, you may wish to contact the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner at 1300 363 992.
Contacting us
Please contact us if:
You have any queries in relation to HSM’s privacy policy;
You want to access, amend, delete or update your Personal Information held by us;
You have concerns that your privacy has been breached by HSM or you wish to make a complaint.
You have concerns that there are security vulnerabilities in our systems, and you wish to report it.
You may contact us by:
Writing to Hello Sunday Morning 103 Alexander St, Crows Nest, NSW 2065
Emailing our privacy officer: privacy@hellosundaymorning.org
Telephoning 1300 403 196, [between 9am and 5pm, Monday to Friday, Australian Eastern standard time].
This policy applies from 5th Feb 2024.
Notifications