company
Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy lets you know what happens to any personal data that you provide to us, or any that
                    we may collect from or about you. It applies to all our products and services, and instances where we collect
                    your personal data.
1. Background & Overview
At YourParkingSpace we are committed to safeguarding and preserving your privacy. The following Privacy
                        Policy sets out our practices with regards to the personal information we collect from users of
                        YourParkingSpace.co.uk, including what happens to your personal information, as well as how we use
                        cookies on the site. By using the site you are bound by the following Privacy Policy, so please read
                        it carefully, and do
get in touch
if you have any questions. If you are not in agreement
                        with the Privacy Policy, please do not use the site.
This Privacy Policy applies to personal information processed by or on behalf of YourParkingSpace Limited, Company Number 08670309. Our address is Floor 4, 2 Redman Place, London, England, E20 1JQ.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
From time to time we may change this Privacy Policy by updating this page in order to reflect changes in the law
                        and/or our privacy practices. We encourage you to check this Privacy Policy for changes whenever you visit our website.
Our Data Protection Officer
We have a dedicated Data Protection Officer (“DPO”). You can contact the DPO using the details below or by writing
                        to the above address, marking it for the attention of the DPO or going to our
Contact Us
page.
2. What kinds of personal information about you do we process?
Personal information that we’ll process in connection with all of our products and services, if relevant, includes:
Personal and contact details, such as title, full name, telephone number, email address, and
                            contact details history.
Records of your contact with us such as via our phone number, if you get in touch with us
                            online using our online services or via our smartphone app, details such as your mobile
                            phone location data, IP address and location.
Products and services you hold with us, as well as have been interested in and have held and
                            the associated payment methods used.
The usage of our products and services, and details related to this.
Marketing to you and analysing data, including history of those communications, whether you
                            open them or click on links, and information about products or services we think you may be
                            interested in, and analysing data to help target offers to you that we think are of interest
                            or relevance to you. Offers may include any of our other products and services.
Vehicle information, such as vehicle registration, make and model.
Information we obtained from third parties from your vehicle registration, including but not
                            limited to information about your vehicle make and model and MOT renewal date.
Fraud, debt and theft information, including details of money you owe, suspected instances
                            of fraud or theft, and details of any devices used for fraud.
Information about your property, such as location, type of parking space, and number of
                            available parking spaces.
Information we buy or rent from third parties, including demographic information, vehicle
                            details, details of outstanding finance, vehicle claims history, marketing lists, publicly
                            available information, and information to help improve the relevance of our products and
                            services.
Insights about you and our customers gained from analysis or profiling of customers.
Third party transactions; such as where a person other than the account holder uses the
                            service, information about that person and the transaction.
3. What is the source of your personal information?
We collect personal information from the following general sources:
From you directly, and any information from family members, associates or beneficiaries of
                            products and services.
Information generated about you when you use our products and services.
From a broker or other intermediary, such as comparison websites, who we work with to
                            provide products or services or quote to you.
Business partners, such as financial services institutions, account beneficiaries, or others
                            who are a part of providing your products and services or operating our business
From other sources such as Fraud Prevention Agencies, Credit Reference Agencies, other
                            lenders, HMRC, publicly available directories and information (for example, telephone
                            directories, social media, internet, news articles), debt recovery and/or tracing agents,
                            other organisations to assist in prevention and detection of crime, police and law
                            enforcement agencies.
We may buy or rent information about you or customers generally from third parties including
                            demographic information, vehicle details, claims history, fraud information, marketing
                            lists, publicly available information and other information to help improve our business
                            products and services.
We use cookies to improve your experience of the service we provide. Some are strictly
                            necessary for the functionality of our websites, some are used to enhance the
                            performance of our websites. As such, cookies are used to: collect data of your website
                            use so we can make it more convenient and useful for you; remember what is in your
                            booking basket; identify how far you are through a booking; make it easier for you to
                            log in; ensure you are secure when logged-in; offer live chat support; enhance your user
                            experience; send information to external sites to customise advertising; send you
                            reminders; enable the functionality of some services such as payments; recognise your
                            device so you don't have to give the same information several times during a single
                            session; and, identify user behaviour at both an aggregated level and for individual
                            profiling to provide a better service. You can disable cookies through your computer
                            settings if you wish to prohibit their use.
4. What do we use your personal data for?
We use your personal data for the following purposes:
Assessing any spaces that you register on the site, to ensure that they meet our minimum
                            quality guidelines.
Managing the product or service you have with us.
Updating your records, tracing your whereabouts and recovering debt.
Managing any aspect of the product or service.
To make automated decisions on whether to offer you a product or service, or the price,
                            payment method, risk or terms of it.
To perform and/or test the performance of, our products, services and internal processes.
To improve the operation of our business and that of our business partners.
To follow guidance and best practice under the change to rules of governmental and
                            regulatory bodies.
For management and auditing of our business operations including accounting.
To monitor and to keep records of our communications with you and our staff.
To administer our good governance requirements, such as internal reporting and compliance
                            obligations.
For market research and analysis and developing statistics.
Assessing and profiling aspects of your vehicle.
For direct marketing communications and related profiling to help us to offer you relevant
                            products and service, including deciding whether or not to offer you certain products and
                            services. We’ll send marketing to you by SMS, email, phone, social media and digital
                            channels (for example, using Facebook Custom Audiences and Google Custom Match). Offers may
                            relate to any of our products and services, as well as to any other offers and advice we
                            think may be of interest
To provide personalised content and services to you, such as tailoring our products and
                            services, our digital customer experience and offerings, and deciding which offers or
                            promotions to show you on our digital channels
To develop new products and services and to review and improve current products and
                            services
To comply with legal and regulatory obligations, requirements and guidance
To provide insight and analysis of our customers both for ourselves and for the benefit of
                            business partners either as part of providing products or services, helping us improve
                            products or services, or to assess or improve the operating of our businesses
To share information, as needed, with business partners (for example, financial services
                            institutions and insurers), account beneficiaries, service providers or as part of providing
                            and administering our products and services or operating our business
To facilitate the sale of one or more parts of our business
5. What are the legal grounds for our processing of your personal information (including when we share it with others)?
We rely on the following legal bases to use your personal data:
Where it is needed to provide you with our products or services, such as:
Account Information. When you sign up for a YourParkingSpace Account, we require
                                    certain information such as your first name, last name, email address, and phone
                                    number.
Profile and Listing Information. To use certain features of the YourParkingSpace
                                    Platform (such as booking or creating a Listing), we may ask you to provide
                                    additional information, which may include your address, details of your listed
                                    location, and a profile picture.
Payment Information. To use certain features of the YourParkingSpace Platform (such
                                    as booking or creating a Listing), we may require you to provide certain financial
                                    information (like your bank account, credit card information, or PayPal email) in
                                    order to facilitate the processing of payments. Payment method details you provide
                                    are sent directly to PCI-compliant third party payment providers. They are not
                                    stored on YourParkingSpace servers.
Updating your records, tracing your whereabouts to contact you about your account
                                    and doing this for recovering debt (where appropriate).
Communications with YourParkingSpace and other Members. When you communicate with
                                    YourParkingSpace or use the YourParkingSpace Platform to communicate with other Members,
                                    we collect information about your communication and any information you choose to provide.
For some of our profiling and other automated decision making to decide whether to offer
                                    you a product and/or service, particular payment method and the price or terms of this.
Where it is in our legitimate interests to do so, such as:
Geo-location Information. When you use certain features of the YourParkingSpace
                                    Platform, we may collect information about your precise or approximate location as
                                    determined through data such as your IP address or mobile device’s GPS to offer you
                                    an improved user experience. Most mobile devices allow you to control or disable the
                                    use of location services for applications in the device’s settings menu.
                                    YourParkingSpace may also collect this information even when you are not using the
                                    app if this connection is enabled through your settings or device permissions.
Usage Information. We collect information about your interactions with the
                                    YourParkingSpace Platform such as the pages or content you view, your searches for
                                    Listings, bookings you have made, and other actions on the YourParkingSpace
                                    Platform.
Log Data and Device Information. We automatically collect log data and device
                                    information when you access and use the YourParkingSpace Platform, even if you have
                                    not created an YourParkingSpace Account or logged in. That information includes,
                                    among other things: details about how you’ve used the YourParkingSpace Platform
                                    (including if you clicked on links to third party applications), IP address, access
                                    dates and times, hardware and software information, device information, device event
                                    information, unique identifiers, crash data, cookie data, and the pages you’ve
                                    viewed or engaged with before or after using the YourParkingSpace Platform.
Cookies and Similar Technologies. We use cookies and other similar technologies,
                                    such as web beacons, pixels, and mobile identifiers. We may also allow our business
                                    partners to use these tracking technologies on the YourParkingSpace Platform, or
                                    engage others to track your behavior on our behalf. While you may disable the usage
                                    of cookies through your browser settings, the YourParkingSpace Platform currently
                                    does not respond to a “Do Not Track” signal in the HTTP header from your browser or
                                    mobile application due to lack of standardization regarding how that signal should
                                    be interpreted.
Managing your products and services relating to that, updating your records, tracing
                                    your whereabouts to contact you about your account and doing this for recovering
                                    debt (where appropriate).
To perform and/or test the performance of, our products, services and internal
                                    processes.
To follow guidance and recommended best practice of government and regulatory
                                    bodies.
For management and audit of our business operations including accounting.
To carry out monitoring and to keep records of our communications with you and our
                                    staff.
To administer our good governance requirements, such as internal reporting and
                                    compliance obligations.
For market research and analysis and developing statistics.
For direct marketing communications and related profiling to help us to offer you
                                    relevant products and services, including deciding whether or not to offer you
                                    certain products and service. We will send marketing to you by SMS, email, phone and
                                    social media and digital channels (for example, using Facebook Custom Audiences and
                                    Google Custom Match).
Subject to the appropriate controls, to provide insight and analysis of our
                                    customers to business partners either as part of providing products or services,
                                    helping us improve products or services, or to assess or to improve the operating of
                                    our businesses.
For some of our profiling and other automated decision making.
Where we need to share your personal information with people or organisations in order
                                    to run our business or comply with any legal and/or regulatory obligations.
To comply with our legal obligations
With your consent or explicit consent:
For some direct marketing communications.
For some of our profiling and other automated decision making.
For a public interest, such as:
Processing of your special categories of personal data such as about your criminal records
                                    information (including alleged offences), or if you are a vulnerable customer.
6. When do we share your personal information with other organisations?
We may share information with the following third parties for the purposes listed above:
We may share your personal information with the owner of a parking space you have enquired
                            about, whether that is a private owner or commercial partner of YourParkingSpace, in order
                            that you receive a relevant response to your enquiry.
Similarly, if you enter into a rental agreement, your name, phone number and email address
                            may be shared with the other party who has also entered the agreement, so that you can
                            contact each other with regards to the rental.
Governmental and regulatory bodies such as HMRC, law enforcement, the Financial Conduct Authority, the Prudential Regulation Authority, the Ombudsman, the Information Commissioner’s Office and under the Financial Services Compensation Scheme.
Other organisations and businesses who provide services to us such as debt recovery
                            agencies, financial institutions, back up and server hosting providers, IT software and
                            maintenance providers, document storage providers and suppliers of other back-office
                            functions.
We may share your personal information with a third party in the event of a merger, transfer
                            or sale of some or all of our assets.
7. How and when can you withdraw your consent?
Where we rely upon your consent to process personal data, you can withdraw this at any time by
                    contacting us via the details at the end of this Privacy Policy.
8. Is your personal information transferred outside the UK or the EEA?
We’re based in The UK but on occasion it may be necessary to transfer your personal information outside
                    the European Economic Area. If we do this we’ll ensure that suitable safeguards are in place, for
                    example by using approved contractual agreements.
9. What should you do if your personal information changes?
You should update your personal details in your account, or tell us so that we can update our
                    records for you. You may use the details in the
Contact Us
section of our website or at the end
                    of this document. We will then confirm with you that your details have been updated.
10. Do you have to provide your personal information to us?
We’re unable to provide you with our products or services if you do not provide certain information to us.
                    In cases where providing some personal information is optional, we will make this clear.
11. Do we do any monitoring involving processing of your personal information?
In this section, monitoring means any: listening to, recording of, viewing of, intercepting of, or taking
                    and keeping records (as the case may be) of calls, email, text messages, social media messages, in person
                    (face to face) meetings and other communications.
                    We may monitor where permitted by law and we’ll do this where the law requires it, or to comply with regulatory
                    rules, to prevent or detect crime, in the interests of protecting the security of our communications systems
                    and procedures and for quality control and staff training purposes. This information may be shared for the
                    purposes described above.
12. What about other automated decision making?
We sometimes make decisions about you using only technology, where none of our employees or any other
                    individuals have been involved. For instance, we may do this to decide: whether to offer you a product
                    or service, to determine the risk of doing so, the price we will offer, what terms and conditions to
                    offer you, what recommendations to offer you to get the most from the service, assess insurance and
                    business risks, or to assess what payment methods we can offer you.
                    We’ll do this where it is necessary for entering into or performing the relevant contract, is authorised by
                    laws that apply to us, or is based on your explicit consent.
13. For how long is your personal information retained by us?
Unless we explain otherwise to you, we’ll hold your personal information based on the following criteria:
For as long as we have reasonable business needs, such as managing our relationship with you
                            and managing our operations
For as long as we provide goods and/or services to you and then for as long as someone could
                            bring a claim against us; and/or
Retention periods in line with legal and regulatory requirements or guidance.
14. What are your rights under data protection laws?
Here is a list of the rights that all individuals have under data protection laws. They don’t apply
                        in all circumstances. If you wish to use any of them, we’ll explain at that time if they are engaged or not.
The right to be informed about the processing of your personal information.
The right to have your personal information corrected if it is inaccurate and to have
                            incomplete personal information completed.
The right to object to the processing of your personal information.
The right to restrict the processing of your personal information.
The right to have your personal information erased (the “right to be forgotten”).
The right to request access to your personal information and to obtain information about how
                            we process it.
The right to move, copy or transfer your personal information (“data portability”).
Rights in relation to automated decision making which has a legal effect or otherwise significantly affects you.
You have the right to complain to the
Information Commissioner’s Office
which enforces data
                        protection laws. You can also
contact us
.
15. Your right to object
You have the right to object to certain purposes for processing, in particular to data processed
                    for direct marketing purposes and to data processed for certain reasons based on our legitimate
                    interests. You can exercise these rights by contacting us via the details at the end of this document.
16. What are your marketing preferences and what do they mean?
We may use your home address, phone numbers, email address and social media or digital channels,
                    for example, Facebook, Google and message facilities in other platforms, to contact you according
                    to your marketing preferences. You can stop our marketing at any time by contacting us using the
                    details below or by following the instructions in the communication.
17. Our use of hyperlinks to other websites
On occasion, we include hyperlinks to third parties on the website. Any information collected
                    from you by a third-party site will be used in accordance with their Privacy Policy. Where we
                    provide a hyperlink it does not mean that we endorse that site’s Privacy Policy, and your use
                    of that site is at your sole risk. If you access another site via a hyperlink found on our site,
                    you should also read the Privacy Policy of that third-party site, and contact them with any
                    questions you may have.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, or if you wish to exercise your rights or
                    contact the DPO, you can contact us by going to our
Contact Us
page.
                    Alternatively, you can write to YourParkingSpace Limited, Floor 4, 2 Redman Place, London, England, E20 1JQ, marking it for the attention of the DPO.