Privacy statement
ARTICLE 1. |
DEFINITIONS
Flickmyhouse respects the privacy of all users of the application called “Flickmyhouse”. Flickmyhouse considers the careful handling of personal data of great importance. Flickmyhouse therefore guarantees that the personal data obtained by it will be treated confidentially in accordance with the Personal Data Protection Act.
This privacy statement emphatically does not apply to websites and other online platforms of third parties referred to on the application or that refer to (the application of) Flickmyhouse. After all, websites and other platforms of third parties are not operated under the responsibility of Flickmyhouse.
By agreeing to the applicability of this privacy statement, you give permission to Flickmyhouse to process your personal data in accordance with the provisions of this privacy statement.
Flickmyhouse may amend this privacy statement from time to time. If Flickmyhouse makes changes to this privacy statement, it will notify you in advance, unless the change is of minor significance. Flickmyhouse therefore advises you to read this privacy statement on your own initiative so that you are always fully aware of the processing of personal data by Flickmyhouse and to protect your own privacy.
In
the
remainder
of
this
privacy
statement
,
the
following
terms are understood to mean:
Application: the mobile application
“Flickmyhouse”.
Personal data: any data concerning an identified or identifiable natural
person.
User: the person to whom personal data relates; users of the
application.
Processing of personal data: any act or set of acts relating to personal data, including in any case the collection, recording, organization, storage, updating, modification, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or any other form of making available, bringing together, relating to each other, as well as blocking, erasing or destroying data.
Which
personal data
is processed
by
Flickmyhouse
for
which
purposes
?
Flickmyhouse processes personal data that the user provides to Flickmyhouse himself, such as the personal data that is provided by the user when registering on the application and that can be added or changed after registration on the user’s profile. This concerns personal data such as name, (e-mail) address, telephone number, age, income data, profile photos, personal descriptions and information about and photos of the accommodation offered. These personal data are processed to make the functionalities of the application available to the user, in other words to execute the agreement for the use of the application between the user and Flickmyhouse. In this regard, profile information, including photos, is shown to other users of the application and users can exchange chat messages among themselves. In addition, the user is informed by means of notifications about likes and new messages from other users. The user can disable and enable notifications by changing the notification settings under their account.
Flickmyhouse can inform the user by means of e-mail messages and/or notifications about news and other information that Flickmyhouse thinks the user will find interesting. In this regard, the user may also receive messages from Flickmyhouse’s real estate and media partners. The user can unsubscribe in the prescribed manner from receiving such messages.
Flickmyhouse can use profile photos and photos of living space for promotional purposes, such as disclosures through social media posts and newsletters. Such photos are not displayed in combination with other personal data, such as e-mail address, telephone number or name of the user.
Statistics,
research
and
improvements
Personal data is also used to keep track of general usage data regarding the application. In this context, in particular, the IP address of the user’s device, the time of the session and the data sent by the user’s device can be recorded and used for statistical analyzes of usage and click behavior on the application. Flickmyhouse uses the Google Analytics and Mixpanel software for this. The information thus obtained, including the IP address of the user, is transferred to the parties operating this software. These parties may provide personal data to third parties if they are legally obliged to do so, or insofar as these third parties process the information on behalf of these parties. Flickmyhouse has no influence on this. Flickmyhouse can use the statistical analyzes to improve and/or expand the operation and functionalities of the application. The personal data to be processed in this context are processed anonymously as much as possible and are never used to collect personally identifiable information from the user.
Cookies
Most web browsers accept standard cookies. The user can change or disable his cookie settings on his device. However, if the user does this, he may not be able to use all the functionalities of the
application.
Legal
bases
for
processing
personal
data
Under no circumstances will personal data be sold on to third parties by Flickmyhouse. Personal data can only be processed by Flickmyhouse, including providing it to third parties, if:
the user has given his unambiguous consent for the processing, as provided in this privacy
statement;
the data processing is necessary for the performance of an agreement to which the user is a party, or for taking pre-contractual measures in response to a request from the user and which are necessary for the conclusion of an
agreement;
the data processing is necessary to comply with a legal obligation to which Flickmyhouse is
subject;
the data processing is necessary to safeguard a vital interest of the
user;
the data processing is necessary for the proper performance of a public law task by the administrative body to which the data is provided, or;
the data processing is necessary for the proper performance of a public law task by the administrative body to which the data is provided, or;
Personal data are only processed by Flickmyhouse insofar as they are sufficient, relevant and not excessive in view of the purposes for which they are processed. Flickmyhouse takes the necessary measures to ensure that personal data, in view of the purposes for which they are collected and subsequently processed, are correct and accurate. Personal data will not be further processed by Flickmyhouse in a way that is incompatible with the purposes for which they were obtained. When assessing whether a processing is incompatible as referred to in the previous sentence, Flickmyhouse will in any case take into account:
the relationship between the purpose of the intended processing and the purpose for which the data was
obtained;
the nature of the personal data
concerned;
the consequences of the intended processing for the
user;
the manner in which the personal data was obtained,
and;
the extent to which appropriate safeguards are provided for the
user.
Retention
of
personal data
Personal data is no longer kept by Flickmyhouse in a form that makes it possible to identify the user, than is necessary for the realization of the purposes for which they are processed.
Flickmyhouse implements appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect personal data against loss and against any form of unlawful processing. Taking into account the state of the art and the costs of implementation, these measures guarantee an appropriate level of security in view of the risks involved in the processing and the nature of the data to be protected. The measures are also aimed at preventing unnecessary collection and further processing of personal data.
Insight
into
personal data
The user can contact Flickmyhouse to view his personal data, unless Flickmyhouse is not obliged to provide this access under the Personal Data Protection Act. Flickmyhouse can charge a fee for this.
If his personal data is factually incorrect or incomplete or irrelevant for the purposes for which this data is processed, the user can request Flickmyhouse to change or delete this data. Such requests will be handled in accordance with the Personal Data Protection Act.
Contact
For questions about this privacy statement, the user can contact Flickmyhouse. Flickmyhouse is happy to help the user if he has questions about his personal data that are processed by Flickmyhouse or if he wants to change or delete the personal data he has provided.
Flickmyhouse
(part of Truefip BV) B
olstoen 12K,
1046AT,
Amsterdam
Home
Store
My account
Home
Store
My account