Gabama (Marco Pesce)
Privacy policy
Last update: 9 March 2018
This document is about how Gabama (Marco Pesce) respects your privacy when you use any of the following services:
(I) any of our games;
(II) our website "www.gabama.com" and any other gabama.com sub-domains;
We will call them our "Services". By using any of this services, you confirm that you have read, understood and agree to the current "Privacy Policy" document.
If you do not agree to the privacy policy document, please stop using any of the Services. If you have kind any queries, please email us at
this email address
.
1. Introduction
1.1 We are committed to protecting and respecting your Privacy. This Privacy policy sets out the basis on which we will process information we collect from you, or that you provide to us. This includes personal information (meaning information which, on its own or in combination with other information, can be used to identify you) and non-personal information. Please read this privacy policy carefully so that you understand how we will treat your information.
2. About children
2.1 We Know to have a special obligation to protect personal information obtained from children. We do not and will not knowingly collect information from any unsupervised child under the age of 13. For children under that age wishing to use the Services, written permission or other verifiable consent is required from a parent or guardian. In some countries, prior written permission or other verifiable consent may be also required from a parent or guardian for children under 18 years of age.
3. Data Controller
3.1 For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998, the data controllers are www.gabama.com, located in Italy.
4. Information we may collect from you
4.1 We respect your right to privacy and will only process personal information you provide to us in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998, the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003 and other applicable privacy laws.
4.2 The kinds of information which we may process include: (a) Your name; (b) Your email address; (c) Your user name, ‘high score’ name or any other name used to identify yourself in any Services; (d) Technical or other details about any device which you use to access the Services, including: Internet and/or network connection (including your IP address); your "Identifier for Advertising" (IDFA) or equivalent; your operating system, browser type or other software; your hardware or mobile device details (including your mobile device type and number and mobile carrier details); or other technical details. This is technical data about our users and their actions and patterns, which we do not believe identifies any individual; (e) Details of your use of our Services including, but not limited to: metrics information about when and how you use the Services; traffic data; and your geographical location data; (f) Details about your use of social networking and our Services. This includes certain information from Facebook (including access to your friends list as well as aggregated non-personal analytics data about our users) in accordance with Facebook’s terms and conditions; and (g) Other personal or business information required in order to help you with any queries or support matters you may need assistance with via our customer support service.
5. How we collect information
5.1 We may collect and process information about you through the following means: (a) Information that you give us via any of our Services, including any of our games; (b) Information given when you contact us or report a problem with any of the Services.
5.2 We may collect this information via our Services or third party services connected with them (we are using
Unity's Analytics Services
and Unity software).
6. Cookies
6.1 We may also obtain information via cookies. Cookies are small data files which are placed on your computer by our Sites and which collect certain personal information about you. This enables us to provide you with products and services which are more relevant to your individual tastes. Cookies are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the Sites. Some of the cookies we use are essential for our Sites to operate.
6.2 You can block cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be to access all or parts of our Sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our Sites will issue cookies as soon you visit it.
6.3 For further information about cookies, including how to refuse cookies, please visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
7. Where we store your personal information
7.1 The information that we collect from you may be transferred to, stored and processed at a destination outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”) (including the USA). By submitting your personal information, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your information is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
7.2 If you have a password which enables you to access certain parts of our Sites, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. Please don’t share it with anyone.
7.3 All information you provide to us is stored on secure servers. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the Internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our servers via any of our Services; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
8. Uses made of your information
8.1 By providing us with the information about you discussed above, you consent for us to use that information in the following ways: (a) To ensure that content from our Services is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer or other device from which you access the Services; (b) To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you; (c) To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts between you and us; (d) To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Services, when you choose to do so; (e) To notify you about changes to our Services; (f) To improve or modify the Services, for example based on how you play our games; and (g) To calculate conversion rates and other elements of advertising performance.
8.2 We may also share your non-personal information with third party partners who work with us to provide the Services to you (for example, third party developers who we’ve worked with to create one of our games) in order to support, improve or amend any Services. We may also share your non-personal information with data analysis services.
8.3 We do not disclose information about identifiable individuals to our advertisers, but we may provide them with aggregate and/or anonymised information about our users to help advertisers reach the kind of audience they want to target. We may make use of the information we have collected from you to enable us to comply with our advertisers’ wishes by displaying their advertisement to that target audience.
8.4 Please remember that any communications you have via our Services, including for example our games, may reveal your screen name, other details about you and the content of any communications by you to other users. We are not responsible for the activities of other users or other third parties whom you choose to provide your information to or otherwise interact with (whether via our Services or otherwise).
9. Disclosure of your information
9.1 We may disclose your personal information to any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, as defined in section 1159 of the UK Companies Act 2006.
9.2 We may disclose your personal information to third parties: (a) In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal information to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets. (b) If we or substantially all of our assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal information held by us about our customers will be one of the transferred assets. (c) If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal information in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce any other agreements; or to protect our rights, property, or safety of our customers or others.
10. Third party sites
10.1 Our Services may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites or services of partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites or services may have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies, nor do we endorse such websites or services. Please check carefully before you submit any personal information to these websites or services
11. Push notifications and local notifications
11.1 We may, with your consent, send push or local notifications to your mobile device to provide game updates and other relevant messages. You can manage push and local notifications from the Options or Settings section within the relevant game. You may also be able to manage them from your device’s settings section for the relevant game.
12. Your rights
12.1 You have the right to ask us not to process your personal information for marketing purposes by contacting us at
this email address
. The Act gives you the right to access information held about you. Any access request may be subject to a fee of € 15 to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you. You may also email us at
this email address
to request that we delete your personal information from our database. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to honour your request. We may retain an archived copy of your records as required by law or for legitimate business purposes.
13. Changes to our privacy policy
13.1 Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail.
14. Contact
14.1 We welcome any questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy, which should be addressed to
this email address
.
© Marco Pesce