Skip to content
en
Membership
Categories
All Categories
Mind
Body
Soul
Entrepreneurship
Career
Relationships
Community
Community First
Global Events
Results
20,000+ Case Studies
Our Transformational Model
How Mindvalley works?
At Work
Business
Find a Coach
Become a Coach
Support
en
Log in
Create an account
The following Privacy Policy governs the online information collection practices of Mindvalley Inc and its associated global entities (“Company,” "we" or "us"). It outlines the types of information that we gather about you while you are using
www.mindvalley.com
,
www.afest.com
,
www.mylifebook.com
,
www.getworkway.com
,
www.workway.app
,
www.mindvalleystates.com
, and other websites operated by Company (collectively, the "Site"), and the ways in which we use this information. We, at Mindvalley, understand the importance of your privacy and are dedicated to securing your personal data. We process your data in accordance with the applicable laws and regulations following industry best practices.
The Privacy Policy applies primarily to information that we collect online; however, it may apply to some of the data that you provide to us offline and/or through other means as well (for example, at a live event, via telephone, or through the mail).
The Privacy Policy describes the manner in which our Company collects information from all end users of our Internet services (the “Services”), including those who access some of our Services but do not have accounts (“Visitors”), and those who may purchase products and/or pay a monthly service fee to subscribe to the Service (“Members”).
We may collect different data from or about you depending on how you use the Site.
Data you provide to us:
Online registration
The Site only contacts individuals who specifically request the same or in the event that they have signed up to receive our messaging, attended one of our events, or have purchased one of our products. This information includes name, e-mail address for registration or opt-in purposes and name, postal address, and credit card information when registering for our events or purchasing our products.
Online purchasing
If you order Services or products directly from our Company, we will use the personal information you provide only to process that order. If you complete an order for some other company(ies) that may be linked to our Site, such as an online gift order sent directly to a recipient, you may be asked to provide information about the recipient, such as the recipient’s name, address, and phone number. Our company has no control over the third parties’ use of any personal information.
Signing up for our products or services
The personal information collected from Members during the signing up process (or at any other time) is used primarily to provide a customized experience while using our products and Services. Personal information collected includes name, address, telephone number, billing information (such as a credit card number), and the type of personal computer being used to access the Services.
Communications and support
If you contact us for support or to report a problem or concern (regardless of whether you have created an account), we collect and store your contact information, messages, and other data about you like your name, email address, messages, location, and any other data you provide or that we collect through automated means.
Data from third party sites
You are also given the option to link your Mindvalley account on the Site with your account on a third-party site such as, Facebook. If you have accessed our Site via a social media platform, such as Facebook, we may collect information related to your social media account. Personal information may include your first and last name, gender, location, username, e-mail address, picture or phone number.
Affiliate links
If you have signed up for or bought something from Mindvalley via an affiliate link, the person or organization in charge of the affiliate link will have the information that you submitted. This may include your email address, name, address, or whatever else that was asked.
Applying for a job
When you apply for a job opening through the Site, we collect information such as full name, email address, phone number, location, CV, and LinkedIn profile.
Data we collect through automated means:
System data
Technical data about your computer or device, like the IP address, device type, operating system type and version. This data helps us improve the delivery of our web pages and to measure traffic on the Site.
Lifebook IntraSpect 
Assessment (https://life.mindvalley.com)
Some personal information may be collected through the use of Lifebook IntraSpect Assessment. We gather data via this assessment in order for our users to raise awareness about themselves. However, we do use this data for marketing purposes as a recommendation tool.The data collected during the assessment may be used for profiling for direct marketing purposes.
Some information is collected through the use of cookies, web beacons and tracking technologies. Please refer to the “Cookie Policy” for more details on the type of cookies being used.
We may collect personal and sensitive personal information about you and store this information in connection with the provision and fulfilment of our Services to you. Personal information may include:
Name
Email Address
Mailing Address
Billing Address
PayPal Email Address
Masked Credit Card Information (for - refunds)
Age
Gender
Marital Status
Religion
Income Range
Education
Profession
Parent Status
Other responses to surveys and questionnaires
Sign-up source
Date of account creation
Date of account updates
IP address
Time stamp
Device type
Operating system
Browser
Email open clicks
User ID
User behaviour
Login history
Order details
Location
Facebook ID
Photo
Language
Country
Time zone
Birthday
NPS score
Your rating of our support
Telephone number
Telephone call recordings
Testimonials, with your authorization
Anonymized Facebook comments
Live location
Sexual preference
Mindvalley uses AI-driven technologies to personalize your experience, including content recommendations, interactive responses, and tailored course suggestions. AI-powered features like Eve may process certain data points (e.g., usage behavior, preferences, interactions) to enhance engagement and improve content delivery. AI-generated responses may not always be accurate, and we encourage users to verify critical information. The above personal information may be used for the following purposes:
To operate, improve, or promote our Service;
To contact you;
When you have opted to receive e-mails;
To respond to your email inquiries. Specifically, when Visitors or Members send email inquiries to us, the return email address is used to answer the email inquiry we receive. We do not use the return email address for any other purpose, or share it with third parties;
To monitor and analyse trends such as: purchase history, sales reports, behaviour on the site, email clicks and opens;
To market our products and Services through: email marketing, advertising, including retargeting via Google and Facebook notifications;
Perform accounting, administrative and legal tasks; 
For profiling or auto matching user preferences for better & efficient user experience.
Who has access to your data within our organization
Within our Organization, access to your data is limited to those persons who require access in order to provide you with the products and Services, which you purchase from us, to contact you, and to respond to your inquiries, including requests for refund. Those staff members may be on teams such as: marketing, events, development, executive, customer support. Employees only have access to data that is relevant to their team, on a “need to know” basis.
Who we share your data with outside of our organization, and why
Processors
We may use service providers for operating and improving the Site, to assist with certain functions, such as payment processing, email transmission, conducting surveys or contests, data hosting, managing our ads, third-party solutions for marketing and analytics, and some aspects of our technical and customer support. We take measures to ensure that these service providers access, process, and store information about you only for the purposes we authorize, through the execution of Data Processing Agreements or Addenda.
Authorities
We may access, preserve, and disclose information about you to third parties, including the content of messages, if we believe disclosure is in accordance with, or required by, applicable law, regulation, legal process, or audits. We may also disclose information about you if we believe that your actions are inconsistent with our Terms and Conditions or related guidelines and policies, or if necessary to protect the rights, property, or safety of, or prevent fraud or abuse of, Company or others.
Transfer of business
If we (or our assets) are acquired, or if we go out of business, enter bankruptcy, or go through some other change of control, personal information could be one of the assets transferred to or acquired by a third party.
Why and for how long do we store information we collect from you
We retain certain information collected from you while you are a member on the Site, and in certain cases where you have deleted your account, for the following reasons:
So that you can use our Site;
To ensure that we do not communicate with you if you have asked us not to;
To provide you with a refund, if entitled;
To better understand the traffic to our Site so that we can provide all members with the best possible experience;
To detect and prevent abuse of our Site, illegal activities and breaches of our Terms and Conditions; and
To comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements.
We retain user data for as long as necessary for the purposes described above. This means that we retain different categories of data for different periods of time depending on the type of data, the category of user to whom the data relates to, and the purposes for which we collected the data.
Advertiser Disclosures
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics Advertiser Features to optimize our business. Advertiser features include:
Remarketing with Google Analytics
Google Display Network Impression Reporting
Double Click Platform integrations
Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting
Among other uses, this allows us to contact you if you begin to fill out our check-out form but abandon it before completion with an email reminding you to complete your order. The “Remarketing” feature allows us to reach people who previously visited our Site, and match the right audience with the right advertising message.
Facebook
As advertisers on Facebook and through our Facebook page, we, (not Facebook) may collect content or information from a Facebook user and such information may be used in the same manner specified in this Privacy Policy.
Security
We implement a variety of administrative, managerial, and technical security measures to help protect your personal information. Our Company has various internal control standards which relate specifically to the handling of personal information. These include certain controls to help safeguard the information we collect online. Our employees are trained to understand and comply with these controls and we communicate our Privacy Policy, practices and guidelines to our employees. However, while we strive to protect your personal information, you must also take steps to protect your information. We urge you to take every precaution to protect your personal information while you are on the Internet.
Your rights under the GDPR
You have certain rights if you are within the EU this includes:
Right to access.
This right allows you to obtain a copy of your personal data, as well as other supplementary information.
Right to restrict processing.
You have the right to restrict the processing of your personal data in certain circumstances.
Right to rectification.
You have the right to have any incomplete or inaccurate information we hold about you corrected.
Right to object to processing.
The right to object allows you to stop or prevent us from processing your personal data. This right exists where we are relying on a legitimate interest as the legal basis for processing your Personal Data. You also have the right to object where we are processing your Personal data for direct marketing purposes and profiling purposes.
Right to erasure.
You have the right to ask us to delete or remove Personal data when the personal data is no longer necessary for the purpose which you originally collected or processed.
Right to data portability.
You have the right to receive your personal data that you have provided to Mindvalley, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format.
To exercise your rights, you can contact Mindvalley’s Data Protection Officer by email at
GDPR@mindvalley.com
. If you reside outside of the European Economic Area and Switzerland, contact 97005-2343 or email
privacy@mindvalley.com
. To know more about your rights and how to exercise them visit our Data Subject Request Policy.
You can disable AI-based personalization within your account settings or contact us at
GDPR@mindvalley.com
. If you choose to opt-out, Mindvalley will no longer use AI to tailor content recommendations or interactive responses, though standard personalization features may still apply. Note that opting out may limit the effectiveness of some features.
Your rights under the CCPA
This Policy reflects our compliance with the California Consumer Privacy Act.
The following table sets forth the categories of personal information we have collected in the preceding 12 months, the source of that personal information, and how we have used and shared such personal information for business purposes in the preceding 12 months.
Category of Personal Information Collected
Source of Information
Purpose for Collection
Categories of Recipients
Identifiers: your name, postal address, email address, Paypal email address, telephone numbers, or other similar identifiers
From you or from our website or app technology’s interaction with your browser or devices and cookies tracking the pages you visit.
Please refer to the section “How We Use Your Personal Information” in Mindvalley’s Privacy Policy.
Mindvalley’s service providers and third party vendors.
Payment Information: name, masked credit card information(for refunds), billing address, records of payment
From you or from our website or app technology’s interaction with your browser or devices and cookies tracking the pages you visit.
Please refer to the section “How We Use Your Personal Information” in Mindvalley’s Privacy Policy.
Mindvalley’s service providers and third party vendors.
Characteristics of Protected Classifications under State or Federal Law: Age, Gender, Marital Status, Religion, Parent Status
From you or from our website or app technology’s interaction with your browser or devices and cookies tracking the pages you visit.
Please refer to the section “How We Use Your Personal Information” in Mindvalley’s Privacy Policy.
Mindvalley’s service providers and third party vendors.
Professional and Employment Information
From you or from our website or app technology’s interaction with your browser or devices and cookies tracking the pages you visit.
Please refer to the section “How We Use Your Personal Information” in Mindvalley’s Privacy Policy.
Mindvalley’s service providers and third party vendors.
Voluntary Information: any voluntary information you provide to us, such as responses to surveys and social media account details, including income range, preferences, goals, and other personal information released in surveys or communications
From you or from our website or app technology’s interaction with your browser or devices and cookies tracking the pages you visit.
Please refer to the section “How We Use Your Personal Information” in Mindvalley’s Privacy Policy.
Mindvalley’s service providers and third party vendors.
Personalization: inferences drawn from your interactions online, how you use our site and app to create a profile reflecting your preferences, characteristics, interests, and behavior
From you or from our website or app technology’s interaction with your browser or devices and cookies tracking the pages you visit.
Please refer to the section “How We Use Your Personal Information” in Mindvalley’s Privacy Policy.
Mindvalley’s service providers and third party vendors.
Internet or other electronic network activity information: IP address, geolocation data, internet provider, operating system and browser used, type of device, search history, device cookie setting, and other device details
From you or from our website or app technology’s interaction with your browser or devices and cookies tracking the pages you visit.
Please refer to the section “How We Use Your Personal Information” in Mindvalley’s Privacy Policy.
Mindvalley’s service providers and third party vendors.
The rights Users have as California residents under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) include:
Right to know.
You have the right to request to know more about the personal information we have collected, including the categories of personal information and the specific pieces of personal information, the categories of sources from which the person information is collected, the business or commercial purpose for collecting, and the categories of third parties to whom we have disclosed personal information.
Right to deletion.
You have the right to request deletion of personal information that we have collected about you.
Right to opt-out.
You have the right to opt out of the sale of your personal information. We do not sell personal information. However, the service providers we partner with (for example, our advertising partners) may use technology on the Service that "sells" personal information as defined by the CCPA. If you wish to opt out of the use of your personal information for interest-based advertising purposes and these potential sales as defined under CCPA law, you may do so by following the instructions below. Please note that any opt out is specific to the browser you use. You may need to opt out on every browser that you use.
Website:
You can opt out of receiving ads that are personalized as served by our service providers by following our instructions presented on the Service:
- From Our "Cookie Consent" notice banner
- Or from Our "CCPA Opt-out" notice banner
- Or from Our "Do Not Sell My Personal Information" notice banner
- Or from Our "Do Not Sell My Personal Information" link
Mobile Devices:
Your mobile device may give you the ability to opt out of the use of information about the apps you use in order to serve you ads that are targeted to your interests:
- "Opt out of Interest-Based Ads" or "Opt out of Ads Personalization" on Android devices
- "Limit Ad Tracking" on iOS devices
Right to correct.
You have the right to correct inaccurate Personal Information we collected about you.
To exercise any of these rights under CCPA, please email
ccpa@mindvalley.com
or reach out to Customer Service per
www.mindvalley.com
. To know more about your rights and how to exercise them, visit our Data Subject Request Policy.  Please allow up to 45 days for us to process your request.  You may submit such a request once per year.
Non-discrimination.
You have the right to not receive discriminatory treatment for the exercise of privacy rights under the CCPA.
You can disable AI-based personalization within your account settings or contact us at
GDPR@mindvalley.com
. If you choose to opt-out, Mindvalley will no longer use AI to tailor content recommendations or interactive responses, though standard personalization features may still apply. Note that opting out may limit the effectiveness of some features.
“Do Not Track" Policy as required by California Online Privacy Protection Act (CalOPPA)
Our Site does not respond to Do Not Track signals. However, some third-party websites do keep track of your browsing activities. If you are visiting such websites, you can set your preferences in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked. You can enable or disable DNT by visiting the preferences or settings page of your web browser.
Our policy concerning children
This children's privacy statement explains our practices with respect to the online collection and usage of personal information from children under the age of thirteen, and provides important information regarding their rights under federal law with respect to such information.
This Site is not directed to children under the age of thirteen and we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen knowingly distribute such information to third parties. We screen users who wish to provide personal information in order to prevent users under the age of thirteen from providing such information. If we become aware that we have inadvertently received personally identifiable information from a user under the age of thirteen as part of the Site, we will delete such information from our records. If we change our practices in the future, we will obtain prior, verifiable parental consent before collecting any personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen as part of the Site.
California Privacy Rights for Minor Users (California Business and Professions Code Section 22581)
California Business and Professions Code Section 22581 allows California residents under the age of 18, who are registered users of online sites, services or applications, to request and obtain removal of content or information they have publicly posted.
To request removal of such data, and if you are a California resident, you can contact us using the contact information provided below and include the email address associated with your account.
Be aware that your request does not guarantee complete or comprehensive removal of content or information posted online and that the law may not permit or require removal in certain circumstances.
Links to other websites
Our Site may contain links to other websites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
Changes to this Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. If we make any material change/s to the Policy, we will endeavor to provide appropriate notice, or as required by applicable law. You can see when the Policy was last updated by checking the date at the bottom of this page. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective from when they are posted on this page.
Contact us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can contact our Data Protection Officer at:
GDPR@mindvalley.com
or
privacy@mindvalley.com
or you can visit this page on our website:
https://www.mindvalley.com/privacy-policy
.
Last Updated: 23 June, 2023
Choose your language
Explore Mindvalley in your preferred language
English
Español
Deutsch
Français
Italiano
Pусский
We use cookies to enhance your experience. Click 'Accept All' to agree to our use, or adjust your preferences in 'Cookie Settings' as per our
Privacy Policy
Cookie Settings
Accept All
Cookie Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label