Privacy Policy
I. About MetroMart
MetroMart (hereinafter referred to as “Company”) is a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the Republic of the Philippines, with address at 2/F Expocraft Building, 1008 Metropolitan Ave., Barangay San Antonio, Makati City, Metro Manila.
MetroMart is an online delivery service that enables consumers to purchase items from nearby merchants and have these items delivered to their doorstep.
MetroMart adheres to the highest standards of ethical practices in all of its operations and is dedicated to protecting your privacy, as its Website and Application users. The Company respects your privacy and values the trust you place in it. Below is the brief description of Company’s Privacy Policy, which outlines the manner in which information relating to you is collected, used and disclosed.
II. General Provisions
All users of www.metromart.com are advised to read and understand the Company’s Privacy Policy carefully, as by accessing and using the MetroMart site, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of the Privacy Policy and consent to the collection, storage and use of information relating to you as provided herein.
The Company’s Privacy Policy is incorporated into the Terms and Conditions of Use of the MetroMart site, and is subject to change from time to time without notice. For your guidance and update, it is highly advisable that you periodically review the Company’s Privacy Policy as posted on the MetroMart site.
The provisions of this Privacy Policy apply to information provided during your registration online at the Metromart site. They do not apply to information that you may submit to MetroMart offline or to other websites maintained by other companies or organizations to which MetroMart may link or may have link through it. By visiting the MetroMart site and/or installing our applications in your smartphone, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not install and use the Application/MetroMart site.
Should you have any clarifications regarding this Privacy Policy, you may send the queries and contact MetroMart at
hello@metromart.com
III. Collection, Usage, Storage and Disclosure of Information
Collection, Usage and Storage of Data
MetroMart only collects and uses information from you to process your order and to manage your account.
MetroMart automatically tracks certain information about you based on your behavior on the MetroMart site. MetroMart uses this information to do internal research on its users’ demographics, interests and behavior to better improve MetroMart’s service.
MetroMart takes reasonable precautions to protect personal information from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. MetroMart exercises diligence to keep personal information reliable for its intended use.
MetroMart will not use your financial information for any purpose other than to complete a transaction with you.
For any privacy concerns, you may reach our Data Protection Officer at
dpo@metromart.com
.
Information we collect
During your experience with MetroMart, we may collect or receive personal information about yourself to operate our business.
Information you provide directly
Your personal information may be provided when you use our service. For example, when you register as a user on MetroMart, search an address, create an order, contact our support.
This information may include:
User details: When you register and create an account, you provide us certain personal information, such as email address, name, delivery address, contact number.
Order details: When you place an order, you provide us with information related to that order. This may include items selected, delivery date and time, special instructions and transaction amount.
Payment details: If you select the payment card method, you provide us with information related to your bank name and card scheme.
Furthermore, if you are using the electronic payment service, you may have to provide us with additional information including a copy of a government valid identification card for the purposes of identity verification.
Referral details: If you invite your friends through our referral program, we will share some information with the friends you invite. Such as email and name.
Information received directly from you
When you contact us directly, via email, chat support, phone, text. We may collect and save information relevant to the activity you engaged in. This can include the nature of your communication, name, contact and personal details.
Location information
We may collect location information, such as your coordinates, city and full address. We utilize your location to ensure business process are met. Such as locating nearby stores, assigning delivery riders and to facilitate in making sure orders are delivered to your exact location.
Technical information
When accessing the service, via the web or mobile app, we receive some technical information about the hardware and software that is being used. This may include IP address, browser, version and operating system.
We collect information about your usage to help better understand traffic patterns. This information is used to help us improve and to provide our customers with a better user experience.
Third parties and social providers
We may collect or receive personal information about you from third parties, publicly available sources, social network providers, marketing partners.
If your account is linked to any third parties social providers. We may obtain certain information through your social media accounts.
For example, if you log in to MetroMart via Facebook, we ask for your permission to access certain information about your Facebook account, such as your email and public profile. The information we receive is dependent on what information you or the social media site is allowed to share. Linking a social media account is optional.
IV. Disclosure of Information
MetroMart shall not disclose or transfer any of your information other than the information provided below, and to the following entities for such purposes as hereinafter indicated:
To MetroMart employees, independent contractors, subsidiaries, affiliates, consultants, business associates, service providers, and suppliers, if the disclosure will enable that entity to perform a business, professional, or technical support function for MetroMart;
To employees, independent contractors, service providers, and suppliers of MetroMart to fulfill a product or service request;
To third-party marketing or service providers who may use such information in their business operations or who may contact you through e-mail, mobile number, social media accounts and other means of communication, with information they feel may be useful to you in the form of newsletters, updates, current promos and advertisements; or
To respond to judicial process and provide information to law enforcement agencies or in connection with an investigation on matters related to fraud, public safety and national security, as may be provided by law.
In the event that the Company’s ownership changes or the majority of its assets are acquired by a third party, you acknowledge and agree that the Company will transfer your personal data to the acquiring organizations to ensure continuity of business operations and procedures, as well as to provide them with technological platform services and complementary on-demand delivery services brokerage. In that case, you will be informed by the Company in good time about the planned transfer of data to the acquiring organization, providing identification data of the latter in compliance with the duty of information, and you will be granted a right to object in accordance with and to the extent permitted by applicable regulations.
V. Use of Cookies
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site.
We use cookies for a variety of reasons detailed below. Unfortunately in most cases there are no industry standard options for disabling cookies without completely disabling the functionality and features they add to this site. It is recommended that you leave on all cookies if you are not sure whether you need them or not in case they are used to provide a service that you use.
You can prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser (see your browser Help for how to do this). Be aware that disabling cookies will affect the functionality of this and many other websites that you visit. Disabling cookies will usually result in also disabling certain functionality and features of this site. Therefore it is recommended that you do not disable cookies.
In order to provide you with a great experience on this site we provide the functionality to set your preferences for how this site runs when you use it. In order to remember your preferences we need to set cookies so that this information can be called whenever you interact with a page is affected by your preferences. For example, cookies allow our website to recognize you as a previous visitor and thus remembering your store preference and what you have added to your shopping cart.
Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
VI. Options on Information Usage
MetroMart provides you the option not to divulge any specific information that you wish not be collected, used, stored or disclosed upon due notice to MetroMart of such option thru the communication channels provided herein.
You may also choose not to use a particular service or feature on the MetroMart site, and opt out of any non-essential communications from the Company upon due notice to MetroMart of such option.
VII. Your Right to Request Deletion of Your Personal Information
You have the right to request the deletion of all of the personal information we hold about you. We will confirm with you when we have received your request within 3-5 business days.
You can send your written request to delete your personal information through email at
hello@metromart.com
. Within a maximum of thirty (30) working days from receipt of your written request, we will delete all personal information we have processed about you and correspondingly you will receive a confirmation email upon completion of your request. In some cases, we may need to retain data or information in view of legal obligations. Nonetheless, such data or information will not be utilized for future business purposes.
You have the right to delegate your request for the deletion of your personal information to an agent. If you do choose to use this method, we will ask you to confirm your identity and that your agent has permission to act on your behalf.
Communication To MetroMart
If you wish to restrict the access and usage of your information, you may contact MetroMart thru
hello@metromart.com
.
If you wish to request a copy of the information on you MetroMart holds, you may contact MetroMart thru
hello@metromart.com
.
If you wish to correct or update any information you have provided, you may check MetroMart site to update your account. Alternatively, you may contact the Company to correct or update such information by sending an e-mail to:
hello@metromart.com
.
In the event of loss of access to the MetroMart site, you may contact the Company by sending an e-mail to:
hello@metromart.com
.
In the event you wish to report a breach of this Privacy Policy, you may contact us via the following e-mail address:
hello@metromart.com
.