Filibaba Apps Terms of Service
Plantry & Handla Premium
All subscriptions with Plantry Premium and/or Handla Premium are paid in advance. All payments handled by Apple, such as in-app purchases, can only be refunded by Apple and with Apple’s consent. Please contact Apple for
help with refunds.
Health and nutritional information
You are responsible for your own health. Filibaba is not a medical organization and we will not provide you with any medical advice or diagnosis. The purpose of the Service is solely to inspire our users eating habits. Information made available through the Services and by our partners and affiliates shall solely be used for recreational and educational purposes. Always consult with your doctor before starting a diet. Filibaba cannot guarantee any health or weight improvements. Our Services are only intended for healthy adults, and please do not use our Services if you suffer from, or might suffer from, any medical condition that may be impaired by diet.
Nutritional information found in our database has not been verified, investigated or reviewed by Filibaba. Filibaba cannot guarantee that the nutritional information provided in our database is accurate, reliant or complete. Filibaba is not responsible for any personal injury or any other damages that may have been the result, direct or indirect, of any use or misuse of the Services.
Intellectual property rights
This Agreement does not transfer from Filibaba AB to you any Filibaba AB or third party intellectual property, and all right, title, and interest in and to such property will remain (as between the parties) solely with Filibaba AB. All trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with our app or Services, are trademarks or registered trademarks of Filibaba AB or Filibaba AB licensors. Other trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with our app or Services may be the trademarks of other third parties. Your use of our app and Services grants you no right or license to reproduce or otherwise use any Filibaba AB or third-party trademarks.
Changes and amendments
We reserve the right to modify this Agreement or its policies relating to the app or Services at any time, effective upon posting of an updated version of this Agreement on the app. When we do we will  revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. Continued use of the app after any such changes shall constitute your consent to such changes.
Acceptance of these terms
You acknowledge that you have read this Agreement and agree to all its terms and conditions. By using the app or its Services you agree to be bound by this Agreement. If you do not agree to abide by the terms of this Agreement, you are not authorized to use or access the app and its Services.
Filibaba Apps Privacy Policy
Fiibaba Smoothies, Veggie Meals, Veggie Weekend, Very Veggie, Vegourmet, Swedish Vegan, Bloody Good
These apps collect no user data and everything is stored locally in the apps.
Plantry & Handla
These apps do not use any third-party libraries for tracking purposes. Your usage is completely anonymous. In Plantry, we use a proprietary method of anonymous logging of certain actions.
General Privacy Policy
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally Identifiable Information' (PII) is being used online. PII, as described in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your email address, mailing address or other details to help you with your experience.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you or enter information on our website. Our apps use anonymous logging of certain actions, such as when a meal has been cooked, in order for us to recommend popular meals to others.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To send periodic emails regarding use of our services, or announcements of new services.
How do we protect your information?
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
We implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order to maintain the safety of your personal information.
All payments are handle by Apple and are not stored or processed on our servers.
How does our site handle Do Not Track signals?
We honor Do Not Track signals and Do Not Track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
Do we use 'cookies'?
We do not use cookies for tracking purposes.
Third-party disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information unless we provide users with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release information when it's release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property or safety.
However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third-party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our website. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old.
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
We will notify you via email
Within 7 business days
We will notify the users via in-site notification
Within 7 business days
We also agree to the Individual Redress Principle which requires that individuals have the right to legally pursue enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
CAN SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to:
Market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred.
To be in accordance with CANSPAM, we agree to the following:
Not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.
Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.
Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.
Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.
Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us at
Follow the instructions at the bottom of each email.
and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may
email us
.
Changes to This Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post the changes here, on our Privacy Policy Page and update the modification date below.
2016-10-29: First version.
2018-05-13: Updated to reflect changes done to our website and apps in accordance to GDPR.
2019-01-31: Updated to reflect name change of service from Lita to Plantry.
2019-05-21: Updated to inform about proprietary way of anonymous logging of certain actions.
2021-05-07: Updated to include Handla.
2022-03-08: Updated to reflect privacy policy in Veggie Meals apps.