This Privacy Policy describes how and when we (Smart Track Telematics Ltd. T/A Smart Track) collect, use and share your information across our website and App. When using our website and App you consent to the collection, transfer, storage, disclosure, and use of your information as described in this Privacy Policy. You can be sure that we will only use your information as described in this Privacy Policy.
What data do we collect?
We collect personal data from customer accounts and their employees, website visitors, applicants, end users, and APP users (mobile app service). The data collected may include: name, email address, location address and telephone numbers, company name, individual contact names and job titles, IP addresses, device identification and devise location information, service and site usage information. We could request other information depending on the services you require from us, this could for example be services being ordered by you.
For customers who use our fleet management services we also collect vehicle and driving information, including information such as location, (date/time) and speed and driver identification.
Smart Track may use “cookies” and likewise technology to obtain information about your visits to our website. If you contact us we ask you for some information to identify you. This helps us determine which parts of our web sites or e-mails are of interest, help us improve the quality and usefulness of our site, and personalize your experience.
Use of cookies may also allow us to automate entry into password-protected portions of our website so that you will not need to re-enter your password each time you visit our website. You can block cookies (if you want to) through your internet browser or other software available, but if you chose to do so you may make some of our services/features unavailable to you. Some features might not be affected by browser controls.
How do we collect personal data?
We may collect personal data in a number of ways, including from orders forms filled out by customers, from end users, (whether by telephone, e-mail, internet or contract form), from apps, enquiries made by existing customers, word of mouth and potential customers.
How
is
y
our
i
nformation is
u
sed
Registration and account information:
When you get or reconfigure your account and use our website and App you voluntarily give us personal information, such as your name, email, phone number and, when necessary, billing information. If you provide us with your phone number and or email, you agree to receive messages to that number or email from us.You may choose to provide us with additional information,for example, with your permission, we may also access other personal information on your device, such as your phone book, calendar or messages. If authorized by you, we may also have an on-going access to your personal information from third-party social media sites like Facebook, if you and/or users of those sites give us access to such information, depending upon your or users’ settings on those sites.
We may use information about you for various purposes, including to:
provide, maintain and improve our services, including to provide additional features and content;
respond to your questions and requests and provide customer service;
monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with our services;
send you technical notices, updates, security alerts and support, and administrative messages;
personalize and improve the services;
detect, investigate and/or prevent fraudulent, unauthorized or illegal activity; and
carry out any other purpose for which the information was collected according to this Privacy Policy.
Our systems are not designed to associate personal information with your activities (such as pages you view or things you click on or search for).
Location:
In serving you, we may use or store your precise geographic location, if you give us permission to do so. We may use and store information about your location to provide features of our account and App and to improve and customize the App. We do not use or share this data for any other purpose. Many devices will indicate through an icon when location services are operating. We only share this location information with others as approved by you.
Log data:
Our servers automatically record information (“log data”) created by your use of the website and the App. Log data may include information such as your IP address, operating system, device and search terms. We receive log data when you sign into our App. We use log data to provide our service, measure and improve it.
L
imited period of personal data storage
:
Our systems are designed to retain location data for the period of time you agree to via the Order Form (Minimum 30 days up to 10 years depending on your agreement with Smart Track). We remove personally identifiable information (such as your name, address, email or phone number, location) and other preferences associated with your account promptly after you delete your account.
Restriction
s t
owards
c
hildren
:
We do not knowingly contact or collect personal information from children under 16. If you become aware that your child has provided us with personal information without your consent, please contact us. If we become aware that a child under 16 has provided us with personal information, we take steps to remove such information and terminate the child’s account.
No ad companies collect data through our service
:
We do not allow advertising companies to collect data through our service for ad targeting.
II.
When we
d
isclose
i
nformation
Third-parties:
We provide personally identifiable information and non-personally-identifiable information only to our subsidiaries for the purpose of processing such information on our behalf. We require that these parties agree to process such information in compliance with our Privacy Policy, and we use reasonable efforts to limit their use of such information and to use other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
Law and harm:
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Privacy Policy, we may preserve or disclose your information if we believe that it is reasonably necessary to comply with a law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request; in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities, including but not limited to, fraud, potential threats to public safety or the physical safety of any person; to protect the security or integrity of our products and services; or to protect rights, property, or our personal safety, our staff, our users or others. However, nothing in this Privacy Policy is intended to limit any legal defenses or objections that you may have to a third party’s, including a government’s, request to disclose your information.
Business transfers:
In the event that we are involved in a bankruptcy, merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets, your information may be sold or transferred as part of that transaction. This Privacy Policy will apply to your information as transferred to the new entity. We may also disclose information about you to ourcorporate affiliatesin order to help provide, understand, and improve our App and our affiliates’ Apps.
Non-private or non-personal information:
We may share or disclose your non-personal information, such as your public user profile information, shared boards and so on. Remember: your privacy and visibility settings control whether your personal or any other information are made public.
You can request to see your personal data
You can sign into your account to see any personally identifiable information we have stored, such as your name, email, address or phone number. You can also contact us by email to request to see this information (
info@smarttrack.ie
).
You may update or correct your personal profile information and email preferences at any time by visiting your account profile page only via the web interface. We can provide you with additional support to access, correct, delete, or modify the personal information you provided to us and associated with your account.
To protect your privacy and security, we take reasonable steps (such as requesting any personal information) to verify your identity before making corrections. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your password and account information at all times.
Our
c
ommitment to
d
ata
s
ecurity
We use appropriate physical, managerial, and technical procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security, and correctly use the information we collect about you. We cannot, however, ensure or warrant the security of any information you convey to us, and you do so at your own risk.
Although we take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of information, we cannot assure you that personally identifiable information that we collect will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Policy. You should take steps to protect against unauthorized access to your password, phone, and computer or mobile phone by, among other things, signing off after using a shared computer or mobile phone, choosing a password that nobody else knows or can easily guess, and keeping your password private. Also, you should never share your log-in information with others. We are not responsible for any lost, stolen, or compromised passwords or for any activity on your account via unauthorized password activity.
Changes to this
P
olicy
We reserve the right to change our Privacy Policy from time to time, so please check back periodically for changes. You will be able to see that changes have been made by checking the effective date posted at the end of the policy
If we make a change to this Policy that, in our sole discretion, is material. By continuing to access or use the website and or App after those changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy.
How to contact us
If you have further privacy concerns please do not hesitate to contact us via email or write to us:
Email:
accounts@smarttrack.ie
Letter Contact:
Smart Track
The Beeches
Donaghmede
Dublin 13
Effective: May, 2018