1. INTRODUCTION
In the following privacy policy, the use of the terms “we”, “our” or “us” refers to Wave Mining SARL and its subsidiary Wave Mining UK LTD (also trading as Emoji Guide and Culture Paradise), the company providing the services; “services” refers to our mobile applications available on iOS and Android, our chatbots available on Facebook Messenger and Slack and the relevant websites; “usage data” refers to content and information submitted by users to the service; “user” refers to the unique users of the services, who have downloaded and use the mobile applications.
2. INFORMATION COLLECTED
When you use our Services, we may collect two basic categories of information: information you give us and information you provide us by using the services. In detail, the following information may be collected:
Device Information: We may collect information about your mobile device, including, for example, the hardware model, operating system and version, software and file names and versions, preferred language, unique device identifier, advertising identifiers and serial number;
Usage and Preference Information: We collect information about how you interact with our Services, preferences expressed, messages sent, images sent, Gifs sent and settings chosen;
Interactions with the chatbots: We collect information about your interaction with our chatbots, the preferences and choices you make and the information you type in;
Log Information: When you interact with the Services, we collect server logs, which may include information like device ID, access dates and times, app features or pages viewed, app crashes and other system activity.
3. SHARING AND DISCLOSURE
We do not intend to share your personal information with anyone. However, it holds the right to share your information to comply specifically with laws and respond to court order or legal processes.
In alignment with our mission, the company will occasionally share anonymised data about your usage of the services. Rest assured this data will be strictly anonymised. We may for instance decide to share anonymised data with
trusted agents or third-party for data analysis purposes
third-party or press organisations in order to engage in press or investors relations over your usage of the services
4. INFORMATION USAGE AND DATA DELETION
The information we collect is anonymised. We may use this information about your usage to:
Provide, maintain, and improve our Services by updating existing features and developing new ones;
Perform internal operations, including, for example, troubleshooting software bugs and operational problems and to monitor and analyze usage and activity trends;
Conduct data analysis, testing, and research in fields as various as sociology, politics, economics, health research, ethnology, psychology, marketing, communication, technology, journalism
Personalize and improve the Services, including to provide or recommend features, content, social connections, referrals, and advertisements.
We may transfer the information described in this Statement to, and process and store it in, the European Union and other countries, some of which may have less protective data protection laws than the region in which you reside. Where this is the case, we will take appropriate measures to protect your personal information in accordance with this Statement.
On iOS and Android, IDFAs can be used by Google AdMob to personalize adverts.
You can request at anytime the deletion of any personal data that we may store on our servers. If you have created an account, please send an email to
justsayit@wavemining.com mentioning the email that was used to create the account. If the app that you are using does not require the creation of an account, this means that we do not hold personal data. You can  nevertheless delete the usage data associated with the app by uninstalling the app from your phone or by contacting us via   justsayit@wavemining.com so that we can provide guidance.
5. DATA SECURITY
We take precautions to protect your information such as using Microsoft Azure security mechanisms to prevent unauthorized access to the servers.Only employees and contractors who need the information to perform a specific job are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment in Europe.
6. COOKIES POLICY
While visiting our websites, we may use use cookies to set your language preferences. You can block these cookies in your browser; however please note that note that if you change your settings and block certain cookies, you will not be able to take full advantage of some features of our services, and we might not be able to provide some features you have previously chosen to receive.
Apart from our language setting cookie, the only cookies in use on our site are for Google Analytics. Google Analytics is a web analytics tool that helps website owners understand how visitors engage with their website. Google Analytics customers can view a variety of reports about how visitors interact with their website so that they can improve it. Like many services, Google Analytics uses first-party cookies to track visitor interactions as in our case, where they are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We then use the information to compile reports and to help us improve our site. Google Analytics collects information anonymously. It reports website trends without identifying individual visitors. You can opt out of Google Analytics without affecting how you visit our site – for more information on opting out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites you use, visit this
Google page
.
Please note that during your visits to of our websites, you may as well notice some cookies that are not related to WaveMining. These may include YouTube, Twitter, Facebook, SoundCloud, Vine, Instagram, Pinterest and Flickr. As a result, when you visit a page containing such content, you may be presented with cookies from these websites and these third party cookies may track your use of the our website. Wavemining does not control the dissemination of these cookies and you should check the relevant third party’s website for more information.
If you have any concerns about the way that we use cookies or respect your settings, then please contact us at justsayit@wavemining.com
7. CHILDREN’S INFORMATION
Our Services are not directed to children under 13. If you learn that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information without consent, please contact us.
8. CHANGES IN PRIVACY POLICY
If our information practices change at some time in the future and all updates will be posted on this page. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should contact us immediately via email : justsayit@wavemining.com, or by mail at Wave Mining, 11 rue de Lourmel, 75015 PARIS, France or Wave Mining UK, Eight Floor, 6 New Street Square New Fetter Lane London EC4A 3AQ, United Kingdom.
Like
Loading...