Legal – Privacy policy
Privacy policy
Date last updated
: March 3, 2025
Introduction
Greenhouse Software, Inc. ("
Greenhouse
") respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it in accordance with applicable laws and using generally-accepted industry practices. This Privacy Policy explains who we are, how we collect, share, and use personal information about you, and how you can exercise your privacy rights. For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “
Personal Information
” means any information that is available to Greenhouse and that is protected explicitly by the European Union General Data Protection Regulation of 2016 (the “
EU GDPR
”); the EU GDPR as saved into United Kingdom law by virtue of section 3 of the United Kingdom’s European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "
UK GDPR
"); and the California Consumer Protection Act “
CCPA
”), to the extent applicable.
If you have any questions or concerns about Greenhouse’s collection and use of your Personal Information, please contact us using the contact details provided below. If however, your questions or concerns are related to a Greenhouse customer’s collection and use of your Personal Information, please contact that customer directly.
Scope of this policy
Greenhouse is a leading provider of cloud-based software services that help companies manage and optimize their recruiting and hiring processes.
Greenhouse processes personal data in the following contexts:
1. As a processor on behalf of its customers for recruiting and onboarding purposes.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to Personal Information in this context. Our customers are the controllers of the Personal Information they collect through Greenhouse’s Services to manage their own recruiting and onboarding processes (
e.g.
, names, contact information, and other data collected as part of job applications), and each customer manages that Personal Information in accordance with its own privacy policies. Greenhouse’s privacy commitments to our customers are governed by a separate customer agreement that authorizes us to collect, process, and store Personal Information on their behalf, as a processor under the EU GDPR and the UK GDPR, and a service provider under the CCPA. Greenhouse processes Personal Information relating to our customers’ employees and job applicants within our Services only according to our customers’ instructions (as defined in our customer agreements), and we have no direct relationship with the individuals whose Personal Information we process in connection with our customers’ use of our Services. For example, if you apply to a job posted on a career page of a Greenhouse customer, your Personal Information will be automatically processed by Greenhouse on behalf of that customer. However, the company you applied to is the data controller (or business, as that term is defined in the CCPA) with respect to your Personal Information, and you should contact that entity directly with any questions you may have regarding its privacy policies or data processing practices, or if you wish to modify or access your Personal Information, restrict its processing, or delete it from our Services. Greenhouse’s customer contracts require us to redirect any inquiries relating to the Personal Information we process on behalf of a customer back to that customer without taking any action on the request.
2. As a controller in a commercial context (
e.g.
, managing business relationships with customers and vendors).
3. As a controller in an employment context (
e.g.
, processing job applications for Greenhouse’s own hiring).
4. As a controller for the
My Greenhouse
service, where Personal Information is collected directly from job seekers who use the platform to apply for jobs or manage their job search. For more information on how Greenhouse processes your Personal Information in this context,
please see this section.
This Privacy Policy applies to Personal Information in contexts 2, 3, and 4.
Our websites, products and services are generally designed for businesses and their representatives. Outside of the My Greenhouse service, we do not offer products or services for use by individuals for their personal, family or household purposes. Accordingly, we treat all Personal Information we collect, other than the Personal Information provided by users of the My Greenhouse service, as pertaining to individuals in their capacities as business representatives and not as individual consumers.
Greenhouse is the controller of Personal Information that we collect directly from visitors to our marketing website,
www.greenhouse.io
(the “Website”); from our own job applicants; and from our customers and vendors to help us manage our business relationships with them. This Privacy Policy describes the type of Personal Information that Greenhouse collects; Greenhouse’s policies around the use, disclosure, and retention of that Personal Information; and the choices available to you regarding your rights in relation to your Personal Information generally.
Personal information we collect
Greenhouse may collect the following information, including Personal Information from and about you:
From your interaction with Sales, Marketing, and Customer Support
We collect Personal Information such as your name, company name, email address, phone number, and billing information when you request a demo of our Services, or request sales information or customer service.
Third-party sources
We may combine Personal Information we receive from you with personal information we obtain from other sources, such as:
Public sources
, such as government agencies, public records, social media platforms, and other publicly available sources.
Data providers
, such as information services and data licensors that provide other information, such as your business contact information.
Cookies, Scripts and Related Technologies
When you visit our website,
www.greenhouse.io
, we and our third-party service providers receive Personal Information that you may have provided, such as your IP address. The technologies we use to track your movements around our website include cookies, tracking scripts and pixels, and tagging technologies, which we may employ to understand your preferences, improve your experience on our website, etc. You can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. If you want to learn more about cookies, or how to control, disable, or delete them, please visit
aboutcookies.org
for detailed guidance.
Collection of Data by Advertisers
We may also use third parties to manage our advertising on other sites. Certain third-party partners may automatically collect information about your visits to this and other websites, your IP address, your ISP, the browser you use to visit our website (but not your name, address, e-mail address or telephone number). They do this by using cookies, pixel tags or other technologies. Information collected may be used, among other things, to deliver advertising targeted to your interests and to better understand the usage and visitation of our website and the other sites tracked by these third parties. This policy does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, cookies or pixel tags in third party ads, and we encourage you to check the privacy policies of advertisers and/or ad services to learn about their use of cookies and other technologies. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here:
aboutads.info/choices
or
networkadvertising.org
.
How Greenhouse uses your personal information
We may use the information that we collect about you and from you, including Personal Information, for the following purposes:
To provide, operate, improve, and customize our Website
We seek to improve your experience with our Website. As a result, we will analyze data we collect about your use of the Website.
To communicate with you
If you request more information about our products, we will contact you using the information you provide us. We may also send you information about products and services that may be of interest to you, with your prior opt-in consent where required by applicable law.
To aggregate data
We may anonymize and/or aggregate data collected through our Website and to create statistics that may be used for any purpose, provided that such statistics do not identify any customers or individuals or contain any Personal Information.
To process your job application
If you apply to work at Greenhouse, Greenhouse will use the Personal Information provided in the context of your application for the purposes of processing and evaluating the application.
For marketing and advertising
We, our service providers, and our third-party advertising partners may collect and use your personal information for marketing and advertising purposes:
Direct marketing. We may send you direct marketing communications. You may opt-out of our marketing communications as described in the Opt-out of marketing section below.
Interest-based advertising. Our third-party advertising partners may use cookies and similar technologies to collect information about your interaction (including the data described in the automatic data collection section above) with the Service, our communications and other online services over time, and use that information to serve online ads that they think will interest you. This is called interest-based advertising. We may also share information about our users with these companies to facilitate interest-based advertising to those or similar users on other online platforms. You can learn more about your choices for limiting interest-based advertising in the Your choices section of our
Cookie Notice
.
Comply with applicable laws, lawful requests, and legal process, such as to respond to subpoenas or requests from government authorities;
Protect our, your or others’ rights, privacy, safety or property (including by making and defending legal claims);
Audit our internal processes for compliance with legal and contractual requirements or our internal policies;
Enforce the terms and conditions that govern the Service; and
Prevent, identify, investigate and deter fraudulent, harmful, unauthorized, unethical or illegal activity, including cyberattacks and identity theft.
How Greenhouse may disclose or share your information
We do not sell or otherwise disclose Personal Information we collect about you, except as described in this Privacy Policy or as we disclose to you at the time this information is collected. As described in more detail below, we may share your Personal Information:
With our partners and third-party service providers. We authorize these service providers to use or disclose the information only as necessary to perform services on behalf of Greenhouse (for example, to support the delivery of, provide functionality on, or help to enhance the security of our Website). We require these service providers by contract to safeguard the privacy and security of Personal Information that they process on our behalf;
To third-party advertising companies for the marketing and advertising purposes described above;
To any competent law enforcement body, regulatory, government agency, court or other third party where we believe disclosure is necessary (i) as a matter of applicable law or regulation, (ii) to exercise, establish or defend our legal rights, (iii) to protect your vital interests or those of any other person or (iv) for any of the compliance and protection purposes outlined above;
To professional advisors, such as lawyers, auditors, bankers and insurers, where necessary in the course of the professional services that they render to us;
To an acquirer, successor, or assignee as part of any merger, acquisition, debt financing, sale of assets, or similar transaction, or in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership in which information is transferred to one or more third parties as one of our business assets, provided that we inform such third parties that they must use your Personal Information only for the purposes disclosed in this Privacy Policy; and
To any other person with your consent to the disclosure.
Your choices
Opt-out of marketing communications
You may opt-out of marketing-related emails by following the opt-out or unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of the email, or by contacting us. Please note that if you choose to opt-out of marketing-related emails, you may continue to receive service-related and other non-marketing emails.
Cookies
For information about cookies employed by the Service and how to control them, see our
Cookie Notice
.
Mobile location data
You can disable our access to your device’s precise geolocation in your mobile device settings.
Do Not Track
Some Internet browsers may be configured to send “Do Not Track” signals to the online services that you visit. We currently do not respond to “Do Not Track” or similar signals. To find out more about “Do Not Track,” please visit
allaboutdnt.com
.
Declining to provide information
We need to collect Personal Information to provide certain marketing materials or other information that you may want. If you do not provide the information we identify as required or mandatory, we may not be able to provide those materials or information.
How Greenhouse secures your information
We care about the security of your Personal Information, and take steps including implementing appropriate technical and organizational measures to ensure that your Personal Information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy. The measures we use are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing your Personal Information.
International data transfers
Your Personal Information may be transferred to, and processed in, countries other than the country in which you are resident. These countries may have data protection laws that are different to the laws of your country (and, in some cases, may not be as protective).
Specifically, our primary offices are located in the United States, and our third-party service providers and partners operate around the world. This means that when we collect your Personal Information, it may be processed in any of these countries.
Notice to European, Swiss and UK users
The information provided in this “Notice to European, Swiss, and UK Users” section applies only to individuals in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”), Switzerland, or the UK.
If you are a visitor from the EEA, Switzerland, or the UK, our legal basis for collecting and using the Personal Information described above will depend on the Personal Information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it.
However, we will normally collect Personal Information from you only where we have your consent to do so, where we need the Personal Information to perform a contract with you, or where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect Personal Information from you or may otherwise need the Personal Information to protect your vital interests or those of another person.
If we ask you to provide Personal Information to comply with a legal requirement or to perform a contract with you, we will make this clear at the relevant time and advise you whether the provision of your Personal Information is mandatory or not (as well as of the possible consequences if you do not provide your personal information).
Similarly, if we collect and use your Personal Information in reliance on our legitimate interests (or those of any third party), we will make clear to you at the relevant time what those legitimate interests are.
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your Personal Information, please contact us at privacy@greenhouse.io.
Data Protection Rights
As an EEA, Swiss, or UK data subject, you have the following data protection rights:
If you wish to access, correct, update or request deletion of your Personal Information, you can do so at any time by contacting us at privacy@greenhouse.io.
If you wish to opt out of (i) the disclosure of your Personal Information to a third party, or (ii) the use of your Personal Information for a purpose materially different from the purpose(s) for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized by you, you can exercise these rights at any time by contacting us at privacy@greenhouse.io. In any event, unless Greenhouse has affirmative express consent from you, Greenhouse will not (i) disclose sensitive information (i.e., personal information specifying medical or health conditions, racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership or information specifying the sex life of the individual), or (ii) use sensitive personal information for a purpose other than those for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized by you through the exercise of opt-in-choice. Greenhouse will treat as sensitive any Personal Information received from a third party where the third party identifies and treats it as sensitive.
You can object to processing of your Personal Information, ask us to restrict processing of your Personal Information or request portability of your Personal Information. Again, you can exercise these rights by contacting us at privacy@greenhouse.io.
Similarly, if we have collected and process your Personal Information with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your Personal Information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your Personal Information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority.
We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
How long Greenhouse retains your personal information
We retain Personal Information we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, to provide you with a service you have requested or to comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements).
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your Personal Information, we will either delete or anonymize it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your Personal Information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your Personal Information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
Children’s privacy
We do not knowingly collect, maintain, or use Personal Information from children under 13 years of age, and no part of our website is directed to children under the age of 13. If you learn that your child has provided us with Personal Information without your consent, you may alert us at privacy@greenhouse.io. If we learn that we have collected any Personal Information from children under 13, we will promptly take steps to delete such information and terminate the child’s account.
Third-party certifications: Data Privacy Framework
Greenhouse complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Greenhouse has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Greenhouse has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Greenhouse commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal data. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact Greenhouse at:
privacy@greenhouse.io
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Greenhouse further commits to cooperate and comply respectively with the advice of the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs) and the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF. Complaints may be submitted to the EU DPAs, the UK ICO, and/or the FDPIC, as appropriate, at no cost to you.
Please note that if your complaint is not resolved through these methods above, a binding arbitration option may be available under limited circumstances. Additional information can be found here:
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/ANNEX-I-introduction-dpf?tabset-35584=2
. Additionally, Greenhouse is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC), and the FTC has jurisdiction over Greenhouse’s compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF.
With regard to onward transfers of personal data to third parties, Greenhouse is responsible for ensuring that the third parties comply with applicable data protection principles, including ensuring that the third parties do not process such personal data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles.
My Greenhouse
This “My Greenhouse” section is applicable only to users of the
My Greenhouse
service.
Personal Information We Collect
In addition to the categories of Personal Information already listed, Greenhouse collects the following categories information directly from users of the My Greenhouse service:
Resumes, cover letters, and other job application materials.
Contact details, such as email addresses and phone numbers.
Job preferences and search criteria.
How Greenhouse Uses Your Personal Information
For users of the My Greenhouse service, we use your Personal Information to:
Facilitate job applications and connect you with potential employers.
Provide personalized job recommendations and search functionality.
Share your information with employers seeking candidates with your skills and background, as referenced in the My Greenhouse User Agreement.
Your Choices
Users of the My Greenhouse service who object to Greenhouse sharing or selling your Personal Information with potential employers should close their account.
Users of the My Greenhouse service in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”), Switzerland, or the UK may, alternately, opt out of sharing their Personal Information with potential employers by contacting us at
job-seeker-optout@greenhouse.io
and listing their name, email address, and country.
Interseller
This “Interseller” section is applicable only to Interseller, and excludes all other Greenhouse products and services, including, but not limited to, Greenhouse Recruiting, Greenhouse Onboarding and Greenhouse Sourcing Automation. For information on the privacy practices related to Interseller, please refer to the
Interseller privacy page
and the
Interseller privacy ccpa page
.
2023 Data Broker Requests
Number of requests
Requests granted
Requests denied
Median number of days for substantive response
Mean number of days for substantive response
Requests to delete personal information
26
26
0
1
1.5
Requests to know or access what personal information the data broker was collecting
4
4
0
1
1
Requests to know what personal information the data broker was selling or sharing and to whom
0
0
0
N/A
N/A
Requests to opt out of sale or sharing of personal information
19
19
0
1
1.63
Requests to limit the data broker’s use and disclosure of sensitive personal information
0
0
0
N/A
N/A
*Please note that Interseller is no longer a data broker
Updates to this privacy policy
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time in response to changing legal, technical, or business developments. When we update our Privacy Policy, we will take appropriate measures to inform you, consistent with the significance of the changes we make. We will obtain your consent to any material Privacy Policy changes if and where this is required by applicable data protection laws.
You can see when this Privacy Policy was last updated by checking the “last updated” date displayed at the top of this Privacy Policy.
Contact information
If you have any comments or questions about our Privacy Policy, or to exercise your rights, feel free to contact us at
privacy@greenhouse.io
, or at the mailing address below.
Greenhouse Software, Inc.
228 Park Avenue S. PMB 14744
Attn: Privacy
New York, New York
10003-1502 USA
Archived versions
Greenhouse Privacy Policy - 3/3/2025
Greenhouse Privacy Policy - 6/27/2024
Greenhouse Privacy Policy- 5/25/2018
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/:
You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Please wait while application initialize...
;
Sub-policy 1
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/ANNEX-I-introduction-dpf?tabset-35584=2:
You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Please wait while application initialize...
;
Sub-policy 2
https://www.interseller.io/privacy:
Features
Customers
Use Cases
Login
🎉  Interseller is now part of Greenhouse —
Read More
🎉
Features
Company
Use Cases
Login
Features
Source
Find verified contact information of new prospects
Outreach
Automate a series of personalized emails
Connect
Synchronize all your prospects and communication
Use Cases
External Recruiting Teams
Land conversations with clients and candidates
Company
Press
Latest Blog Posts
How to market your niche recruiting agency in a crowded market
Boost your business development through strategic email outreach
How to connect with candidates through thoughtful email outreach
Terms of Use
Service Provider Agreement For Data Processors
Privacy Policy
Privacy Notice for California Residents
Data Processors
Security
Anti-Spam Policy
Privacy Policy
Last updated: June 26, 2024
Interseller, (“Company”, “we” or “us”), respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy (this “Privacy Policy”). This Privacy Policy describes our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing information that we collect from you or that you provide to us when you visit our website, interseller.io (“Site”), download and use our mobile application (the “Mobile App”), purchase and use services made available for sale on our Site or the Mobile App (“Purchased Services”) or use any products and services made available by us (collectively with the Site, the Mobile App and the Purchased Services, the “Services”).
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. By accessing or using the Services, you agree to this Privacy Policy. If you are using the Services on behalf of an entity, you are agreeing to this Privacy Policy for that entity and are representing to us that you have the authority to do so (in which case “you” will refer to that entity). If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use the Services.
For Greenhouse Recruiting customers - The Interseller Privacy Policy does not apply to your purchase of Greenhouse Sourcing Automation. You can view Greenhouse’s Privacy Policy at
https://www.greenhouse.com/privacy-policy
.
General
1. Definitions
“Distribution List” means a list of Subscribers and all associated information related to those Subscribers (for example, email addresses).
“Personal Information” means information that can be used to identify you or a Subscriber, including, but not limited to, first and last name, date of birth, email address, gender, occupation or other demographic information.
“Subscriber” means a person you contact through our Services, or a person whom you might choose to contact at some point in the future using our Services. A Subscriber is anyone on your Distribution List or about whom you have given us information.
2. Changes
This Privacy Policy may change from time to time. If we make any changes, we will post the changes on this page and indicate at the top of this page the date this Privacy Policy was last revised. We may also notify you of any material changes either through a pop-up notice, e-mail or through other reasonable means. Any such changes are effective immediately when we post them, and apply to all access to and use of the Services thereafter. Your continued use of the Services after the date any such changes become effective constitutes your acceptance of the new policy. You are expected to check this page from time to time so you are aware of any changes.
3. Questions & Concerns
If you have any questions or comments, or if you want to update, delete, or change any Personal Information we hold, or you have a concern about the way in which we have handled any privacy matter, please email us at privacy@interseller.io.
Your Information
4. Information We Collect
We process personal data as defined under data protection laws in various ways depending upon your use of the Services. We process personal data on the following legal bases: (1) with your consent; (2) as necessary to perform our agreement to provide Services; and (3) as necessary for our legitimate interest in providing the Services where those interests do not override your fundamental rights and freedom related to data privacy.
(a) Information you voluntarily provide to us:
Account Information: When you register to use the services and create an account (“Account”) through your Gmail account or your Outlook account, we obtain your name and email address to personalize your experience with the Services. If you create an Account through your Gmail account, we will request access to your Gmail when you “activate” an email campaign and not during registration. If you register for an Account through your Outlook account, due to the design of Outlook’s API, we will require permissions to your Outlook email account during registration.
List and email information: When you add a Distribution List or create an email with the Services, we have and may access the list, the data on your list and the information in your email if necessary for technical support purposes, if explicitly shared by a user with members of our team or if otherwise required to comply with this Privacy Policy, our Terms of Use or applicable law or court order. We do not share any of this information with third parties.
Other Voluntary Information: When you use the Services, consult with our customer service team, subscribe to our emails, send us an email or a chat message, integrate the Services with another website or service, or communicate with us in any way, you are voluntarily giving us information that we collect. That information may include either your or your Subscribers’ name, physical address, email address, IP address and credit card information. By giving us this information, you consent to this information being collected, used, disclosed, transferred to the United States and stored by us, as described in our Terms of Use and in this Privacy Policy. Communication between you and our servers are encrypted using HTTPS and enforced in our software.
(b) Information we collect automatically: When you use the Services, browse our Site or download and use our Mobile App, we may collect information about your visits to our Site, your usage of the Services, and your web browsing. That information may include your IP address, your operating system, your browser ID, your browsing activity, and other information about how you interacted with our Site, our Mobile App or other websites. We may collect this information as a part of log files as well as through the use of cookies or other tracking technologies. Our use of cookies and other tracking technologies is discussed further below.
(c) Third-Party Emails: We collect all the email addresses we can find on the Internet for your email campaigns. In certain situations, we may not collect or distribute these email addresses. For example, if a website includes a robots.txt file, indicating that a website owner doesn’t wish some pages to be read, we may not source emails from such website.
(d) Information from your use of the Services: We may receive information about how and when you use the Services. This information may include, for example, your webpage views, interactions with the Site or Mobile App, IP address, time, date, browser used, and actions you have taken within the Site or Mobile App. This type of information helps us to improve our Services for both you and for all of our users.
(e) Cookies and tracking: We and our partners use cookies and similar tracking technologies, such as pixels and web beacons, to improve our services, debug the Site and the Mobile App, analyze trends, administer the Site, track users’ movements around the Site, and gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. Users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level.
(f) Information from the use of our Mobile App: When you use our Mobile App, we may collect certain information in addition to information described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy. For example, we may collect information about the type of device and operating system you use. We may ask you if you want to receive push notifications about activity in your Account. We may collect information about how often you use the application and other performance data.
(g) Chrome extension. Our Chrome extension lets you use the Services directly through your Chrome browser. We do not collect any identifying information (like your IP address) about you or collect your browsing history while you use our extension. When visiting other websites, our Chrome extension can read and modify websites you visit such as LinkedIn, GitHub and AngelList. Data read from websites are never stored with the Company unless you explicitly save contact information found from that website (like name, email and company name) from our extension. Write permission is used only to help augment LinkedIn, GitHub and AngelList profiles with the Company’s one-click button.
5. Use and Disclosure of Personal Information
We may use and disclose Personal Information only for the following purposes:
(a) We use your Gmail, Outlook or other email account only to provide our Services to you. Our services include reading the metadata and headers of each email you receive to track the status of your subscribed contacts (such as open and reply tracking). When explicitly enabled by you, we also read the body of your emails for the strict purposes of sentiment analysis (“interested” vs. “not interested”) with automation. We will never use your account or its data for serving advertisements. We will not allow humans to read this data unless: (1) we have your affirmative agreement for specific messages; (2) doing so is necessary for security purposes (such as investigating a bug or abuse); (3) to comply with applicable law; (4) or for the App’s internal operations and even then only when the data have been aggregated and anonymized.
(b) When you explicitly opt in, we will use your email address provided by you to send you content related to our Service. You can stop receiving these emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in every email we send.
(c) To bill and collect money owed to us by you. This includes sending you emails, invoices, receipts, notices of delinquency, and alerting you if we need a different credit card number. We use third parties for secure credit card transaction processing, and we send billing information to those third parties to process your orders and credit card payments.
(d) To send you System Alert messages. We may inform you of temporary or permanent changes to our Services, such as planned outages, new features, version updates, releases, abuse warnings, and changes to our Privacy Policy.
(e) To communicate with you about your Account and provide customer support.
(f) To enforce compliance with our Terms of Use and applicable law. This may include developing tools and algorithms that help us prevent violations.
(g) To protect the rights and safety of our users and third parties, as well as our own.
(h) To meet legal requirements, including complying with court orders, valid discovery requests, valid subpoenas, and other appropriate legal mechanisms, and to respond to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
(i) To provide information to representatives and advisors, including attorneys and accountants, to help us comply with legal, accounting, or security requirements.
(j) To prosecute and defend a court, arbitration, or similar legal proceeding.
(k) To transfer your information in the case of a sale, merger, consolidation, liquidation, reorganization, or acquisition. In that event, any acquirer will be subject to our obligations under this Privacy Policy, including your rights to access and choice. We will notify you of the change either by sending you an email or posting a notice on our Site.
We do not share your information with third parties for promotional purposes, and should we ever change that policy or wish to use your Personal Information for a purpose that is materially different than those described above, we will update this Privacy Policy, notify you of the updated Privacy Policy, and provide you the opportunity to opt out of providing your Personal Information.
6. Data Collected for and by our Users
As you use our Services, you may import into our system Personal Information you have collected from your Subscribers or other individuals. We have no direct relationship with your Subscribers or any person other than you, and for that reason, you are responsible for making sure you have the appropriate permission for us to collect and process information about those individuals. Our employees and advisors may access Personal information about Subscribers to resolve software issues and improve the Services.
If you are a Subscriber and no longer want to be contacted by one of our users, please unsubscribe directly from that user’s newsletter or contact the user directly to update or delete your data.
7. Public Information and Third-Party Websites
(a) Blog. We have a public blog on our Site. Any information you include in a comment on our blog may be read, collected, and used by anyone. If your Personal Information appears on our blog and you want it removed, please email us at privacy@interseller.io.
(b) Social media platforms. We also maintain presences on social media platforms including Facebook, Twitter, and LinkedIn. Any information, communications, or materials you submit to us via a social media platform is done at your own risk without any expectation of privacy. We cannot control the actions of other users of these platforms or the actions of the platforms themselves. Your interactions with those features and platforms are governed by the privacy policies of the companies that provide them.
(c) Links to third-party websites. Our Site includes links to other websites, whose privacy practices may be different from ours. If you submit Personal Information to any of those sites, your information is governed by their privacy policies. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any website you visit.
8. Third Parties
Sometimes, we need to use third party service providers to provide and support the features of our Services. Currently, the third party service providers we work with include Stripe, Google Analytics, FullStory, Hubspot, Segment, Intercom, Sumo, and Facebook. Where available, we have entered into Data Processing Agreements with these third-parties by which the third party service providers have committed to compliance with the requirements of the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) regarding the processing of personal data.
EMAIL CAMPAIGNS
9. Distribution Lists and Email Campaigns
A Distribution List can be created in several ways, including by importing contacts, such as through csv. Your Distribution Lists are stored within our databases behind a secure network. By design, we do not store any of your email messages on our servers. We do not, under any circumstances, sell your Distribution Lists.
Messages sent through email are not secure. Please do not use the Services to send confidential information.
SECURITY
10. Notice of Breach of Security
If a security breach causes an unauthorized intrusion into our system that materially affects you or people on your Distribution Lists, then we will notify you as soon as possible and later report the action we took in response.
11. Infrastructure
We use Amazon Web Services (“AWS”) for all of our infrastructure. AWS provides hosting services for most of the web and takes security with the utmost importance. We also use Cloudflare to help protect the Company from cyberattacks. Any data you provide using the Services is encrypted and backed-up in multiple geographical zones to ensure both security and durability.
12. Safeguarding Your Information
We take reasonable and appropriate measures to protect Personal Information from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction, considering the risks involved in the processing and the nature of the Personal Information. Your Account requires a username and password to log in. You must keep your username and password secure, and never disclose it to a third party.
Billing information is never stored on our servers. All payment and related information is handled By our third -payment processor, Stripe. Stripe is certified as a PCI Service Provider Level 1 company, which is the highest level of certification available in the industry. You can read more about their security practices through “Security at Stripe (https://stripe.com/docs/security/stripe).”
COMPLIANCE
13. We Operate in the United States
Our servers and offices are located in the United States, so your information may be transferred to, stored, or processed in the United States. Although the data protection, privacy, and other laws of the United States may not be as comprehensive as those in your country, we take many steps to protect your privacy. By using our Services, you understand and consent to the collection, storage, processing, and transfer of your information to our facilities in the United States and to those third parties with whom we share it as described in this Privacy Policy.
14. EU Users
The General Data Protection Regulation or “GDPR” gives certain rights to individuals in the European Union in relation to their personal data. As available and except as limited under applicable law, the rights afforded to individuals are:
Right of Access - the right to be informed of and request access to the personal data we process about you;
Right to Rectification - the right to request that we amend or update your personal data where it is inaccurate or incomplete;
Right to Erasure - the right to request that we delete your personal data;
Right to Restrict - the right to request that we temporarily or permanently stop processing all or some of your personal data;
Right to Object:
The right, at any time, to object to us processing your personal data on grounds relating to your particular situation;
The right to object to your personal data being processed for direct marketing purposes;
Right to Data Portability - the right to request a copy of your personal data in electronic format and the right to transmit that personal data for use in another party’s service; and
Right not to be subject to Automated Decision-making - the right to not be subject to a decision based solely on automated decision making, including profiling, where the decision would have a legal effect on you or produce a similarly significant effect.
If you wish to exercise any of the above rights, please contact us at privacy@interseller.io.
15. Data Accuracy, Retention and Deletion
We do our best to keep your data accurate and up to date, to the extent that you provide us with the information we need to do so. If your data changes (for example, if you have a new email address), then you are responsible for notifying us of those changes. If you would like to update any information on your Account, please email us at privacy@interseller.io.
We will retain your information for as long as your Account is active or as long as needed to provide you with our Services. We may also retain and use your information to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, prevent abuse, and enforce this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use.
If you wish for your information to be deleted, you can send an email to privacy@interseller.io to request deletion of your information, including Personal Information.
You may also request a copy of all Personal Information in our possession, by emailing privacy@interseller.io.
16. California Privacy
Under California Law, California residents have the right to request in writing from businesses with whom they have an established business relationship, (a) a list of the categories of Personal Information, such as name, email and mailing address and the type of services provided to the customer, that a business has disclosed to third parties (including affiliates that are separate legal entities) during the immediately preceding calendar year for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes and (b) the names and addresses of all such third parties. To request the above information, please contact us by email at privacy@interseller.io.
17. Google Compliance
The Company’s use of information received from Google APIs adhere to
Google API Services User Data Policy
(last updated on February 15, 2024), including the Limited Use requirements.
Sub-policy 3
https://www.interseller.io/privacy-ccpa:
Features
Customers
Use Cases
Login
🎉  Interseller is now part of Greenhouse —
Read More
🎉
Features
Company
Use Cases
Login
Features
Source
Find verified contact information of new prospects
Outreach
Automate a series of personalized emails
Connect
Synchronize all your prospects and communication
Use Cases
External Recruiting Teams
Land conversations with clients and candidates
Company
Press
Latest Blog Posts
How to market your niche recruiting agency in a crowded market
Boost your business development through strategic email outreach
How to connect with candidates through thoughtful email outreach
Terms of Use
Service Provider Agreement For Data Processors
Privacy Policy
Privacy Notice for California Residents
Data Processors
Security
Anti-Spam Policy
Privacy Notice for California Residents
Effective Date:  June 26, 2024
This Privacy Notice for California Residents (this “
Notice
”) supplements the information contained in Interseller’s Privacy Policy (the “
Policy
” and applies solely to visitors, users, and others who reside in the State of California (“
Users
” or “
you
”) who visit https://www.interseller.io (the “
Site
”) or use the Services.  We adopt this notice to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (the “
CCPA
”) and any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this Notice.
1. Information We Collect
Our Site collects personal information or “Personal Data,” as further defined in Section 5 of the Privacy Policy.  For purposes of this Notice, “Personal Data” also includes information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer, household, or device (“
Personal Data
”).  Personal Data does not include:
Publicly available information from government records;
Deidentified or aggregated consumer information; and
Information excluded from the CCPA’s scope, like:
health or medical information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) and the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act (CMIA) or clinical trial data;
personal information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) or California Financial Information Privacy Act (FIPA), and the Driver’s Privacy Protection Act of 1994.
In particular, our Site has collected the following categories of Personal Data from its Users within the last twelve (12) months:
Category
Specific Fields
A. Identifiers.
A real name, online identifier, email address, or other similar identifiers.
B. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
Telephone number, employment, employment history, credit card number, or other similar identifiers. Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories.
C. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
None
D. Commercial information.
None.
E. Biometric information.
None.
F. Internet or other similar network activity.
None.
G. Geolocation data.
None.
H. Sensory data.
None.
I. Professional or employment-related information.
Work history, employment history, or other similar identifiers.
J. Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)).
None.
K. Inferences drawn from other personal information.
None.
We obtain the Personal Data listed above from the following categories of sources:
Directly from you.
For example, from forms you complete or products and services you purchase.
Indirectly from you.
For example, from observing your actions on our Site through cookies or other tracking mechanisms.
Use of Personal Data
We may use or disclose the Personal Data we collect for business purposes set forth in the Policy.
Sharing Personal Data
We may disclose your Personal Data to a third party for business purposes as set forth in the Policy.  When we disclose Personal Data to a third party for a business purpose, we enter into a contract that describes the purpose for which the disclosure is being made and requires the recipient to both keep that Personal Data confidential and not use it for any purpose except for the purposes specified int the contract.
Disclosures of Personal Data for a Business Purpose
In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have disclosed the following categories of Personal Data for a business purpose:
Category A: Identifiers;
Category B: California Customer Records personal information categories;
Category I:  Professional or employment-related information.
2. Your Rights and Choices
The CCPA provides California residents with specific rights regarding their Personal Data.  This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights.
Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your Personal Data over the past 12 months.  Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, to the extent it is possible to associate your request with any Personal Data that we possess, we will disclose to you:
The categories of Personal Data we collected about you;
The categories of sources for the Personal Data we collected about you;
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting that Personal Data;
The categories of third parties with whom we share that Personal Data.  The specific pieces of Personal Data we collected about you (also called a data portability request);
The specific pieces of Personal Data we collected about you (also called a data portability request); and
If we sold or disclosed your Personal Data for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing:  (i) sales, identifying the Personal Data categories that each category of recipient purchased; and (ii) disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the Personal Data categories that each category of recipient obtained.
Deletion Request Rights
You have the right to request that we delete any of your Personal Data that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions.  Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, to the extent it is possible to associate your request with any Personal Data that we possess, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your Personal Data from our records, unless an exception applies. 
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the Personal Data, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, fulfill the terms of a written warranty or product recall conducted in accordance with federal law, or otherwise perform our contract with you;
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities;
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality;
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law;
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 et. seq.);
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information’s deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research’s achievement, if you previously provided informed consent;
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us;
Comply with a legal obligation; or
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights
To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by either:
Emailing us at privacy@interseller.io with “Attn:  Privacy” in the subject line; or
Sending us a message on the Site.
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your Personal Data. 
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period.  The verifiable consumer request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected Personal Data or an authorized representative; and
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with Personal Data if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the Personal Data relates to you.
We will only use Personal Data provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity and/or authority to make the request.
Response Timing and Format
We try to respond to verifiable consumer requests within forty-five (45) days of receipt.  If we require more time, we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing.
We will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the twelve (12) month period preceding receipt of the verifiable consumer request’.  The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable.  For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your Personal Data that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to a verifiable consumer request unless such a request is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded.  If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights.  Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
Deny you goods or services;
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties;
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services; or
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
However, we may offer you certain financial incentives permitted by the CCPA that can result in different prices, rates, or quality levels.  Any CCPA-permitted financial incentive we offer will reasonably relate to your Personal Data’s value and contain written terms that describe the program’s material aspects.  Participation in a financial incentive program requires your prior opt in consent, which you may revoke at any time.
3.	Other California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the “Shine The Light” law, permits our users who are California residents to request and obtain from us, once a calendar year and free of charge, information about categories of personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared personal information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please send an email to privacy@interseller.io with “Attn:  Privacy” in the subject line.
If you are under 18 years of age, reside in California, and have a registered account with the Site, you have the right to request removal of unwanted data that you publicly post on the Site. To request removal of such data, please contact us using the contact information provided and include the email address associated with your account and a statement that you reside in California. We will make sure that the data is not publicly displayed on the Site, but please be aware that the data may not be completely or comprehensively removed from our systems.
To request any other changes or information about our collection, use or disclosure of your information, please email us at privacy@interseller.io with “Attn:  Privacy” in the subject line.
4.	Changes to Our Privacy Notice
We reserve the right to amend this Notice at our discretion and at any time.  When we amend this Notice, we will post the updated notice on the Site and update the notice’s effective date. Your continued use of our Website following the posting of changes constitutes your acceptance of any such amendments.
Sub-policy 4
https://www.greenhouse.com/privacy-policy-march-3-2025:
Skip to Content
Close mobile sub-navigation
Greenhouse Home Link
Open menu for
Platform
Platform
All-together platform
Solutions
Talent sourcing
Candidate experience
Scalable workflows
Interviewing & decision-making
Onboarding
Reporting & insights
Integrations
Greenhouse for
Early-stage business
Scaling company
Modern enterprise
What’s new
Latest product features
Open menu for
Why Greenhouse
Why Greenhouse
How we compare
Return on your hiring investment
Your partner in success
Awards & accolades
Awards & accolades
Greenhouse named Best Software for Enterprise in 2024
Learn why Greenhouse is an award-winning enterprise software for companies like DoorDash, Betterment and MLB.
Learn more
Open menu for
Resources
Types
Blog
Guidance
Customer stories
Hiring glossary
Talent Makers book
Topics
DE&I
Structured hiring
AI and automation
Hiring Maturity
Support
Learn Greenhouse
Get support
Developer resources
Open menu for
About
About
Company
Press & awards
Careers
People first
People first
The future belongs to people-first companies
Today’s talent thinks differently about where and how they work, and winning companies are people-first companies. Here’s how to build a culture that connects.
Read the blog
Open menu for
Community
Community
Events & webinars
Open
Talent Makers
Newsletter
Event
Event
HR Technology Conference
Discover all the trends, tools, technology and insight to take HR strategies beyond best practice.
Learn more
Sign in
Request a demo
Toggle search form
Open mobile navigation
Page Not Found
Oops, we couldn’t find what you’re looking for.
Here are some useful links to get you started:
Homepage
,
Platform
or
Onboarding
.
be_ixf;ym_202403 d_08; ct_50
be_ixf; php_sdk; php_sdk_1.4.26.1
https://greenhouse-production.herokuapp.com
https://greenhouse-production.herokuapp.com
By clicking “Accept all cookies,” you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Privacy policy
Cookie preferences
Reject all
Allow all
Set your cookie preference
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Allow all
Manage consent preferences
Always active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookie details‎
Targeting cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Cookie details‎
Performance cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookie details‎
Functional cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookie details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-policy 5
https://www.greenhouse.com/privacy-policy-june-27-2024:
Skip to Content
Close mobile sub-navigation
Greenhouse Home Link
Open menu for
Platform
Platform
All-together platform
Solutions
Talent sourcing
Candidate experience
Scalable workflows
Interviewing & decision-making
Onboarding
Reporting & insights
Integrations
Greenhouse for
Early-stage business
Scaling company
Modern enterprise
What’s new
Latest product features
Open menu for
Why Greenhouse
Why Greenhouse
How we compare
Return on your hiring investment
Your partner in success
Awards & accolades
Awards & accolades
Greenhouse named Best Software for Enterprise in 2024
Learn why Greenhouse is an award-winning enterprise software for companies like DoorDash, Betterment and MLB.
Learn more
Open menu for
Resources
Types
Blog
Guidance
Customer stories
Hiring glossary
Talent Makers book
Topics
DE&I
Structured hiring
AI and automation
Hiring Maturity
Support
Learn Greenhouse
Get support
Developer resources
Open menu for
About
About
Company
Press & awards
Careers
People first
People first
The future belongs to people-first companies
Today’s talent thinks differently about where and how they work, and winning companies are people-first companies. Here’s how to build a culture that connects.
Read the blog
Open menu for
Community
Community
Events & webinars
Open
Talent Makers
Newsletter
Event
Event
HR Technology Conference
Discover all the trends, tools, technology and insight to take HR strategies beyond best practice.
Learn more
Sign in
Request a demo
Toggle search form
Open mobile navigation
Page Not Found
Oops, we couldn’t find what you’re looking for.
Here are some useful links to get you started:
Homepage
,
Platform
or
Onboarding
.
be_ixf;ym_202403 d_08; ct_50
be_ixf; php_sdk; php_sdk_1.4.26.1
https://greenhouse-production.herokuapp.com
https://greenhouse-production.herokuapp.com
By clicking “Accept all cookies,” you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Privacy policy
Cookie preferences
Reject all
Allow all
Set your cookie preference
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Allow all
Manage consent preferences
Always active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookie details‎
Targeting cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Cookie details‎
Performance cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookie details‎
Functional cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookie details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-policy 6
https://www.greenhouse.com/privacy-policy-may-25-2018:
Skip to Content
Close mobile sub-navigation
Greenhouse Home Link
Open menu for
Platform
Platform
The all-together hiring platform
Solutions
Talent sourcing
Candidate experience
Scalable workflows
Interviewing & decision-making
Onboarding
Reporting & insights
Integrations
Greenhouse for
Early-stage business
Scaling company
Modern enterprise
What’s new
Latest product features
Open menu for
Why Greenhouse
Why Greenhouse
How we compare
Return on your hiring investment
Your partner in success
Awards & accolades
Awards & accolades
Greenhouse named Best Software for Enterprise in 2024
Learn why Greenhouse is an award-winning enterprise software for companies like DoorDash, Betterment and MLB.
Learn more
Open menu for
Resources
Types
Blog
Guidance
Customer stories
Hiring glossary
Talent Makers book
Topics
DE&I
Structured hiring
AI and automation
Hiring Maturity
Support
Learn Greenhouse
Get support
Developer resources
Open menu for
About
About
Company
Press & awards
Careers
People first
People first
The future belongs to people-first companies
Today’s talent thinks differently about where and how they work, and winning companies are people-first companies. Here’s how to build a culture that connects.
Read the blog
Open menu for
Community
Community
Events & webinars
Open
Talent Makers
Newsletter
Partnerships
Webinar
Webinar
The great hiring debate
Join this webinar to hear from key hiring leaders on how to achieve business success through strategic, efficient and effective hiring practices.
Register now
Sign in
Request a demo
Toggle search form
Open mobile navigation
Legal
secondary menu
Privacy policy
Cookie notice
Service level agreement
Master subscription agreement
CCPA for candidates
Privacy shield notice
All documents
Scroll Subnavigation
Legal – Privacy policy archive – 25 May 2018
Privacy policy
Archived policy, effective 25 May 2018 to 26 September 2021
Effective Date: 25 May 2018
Introduction
Greenhouse Software, Inc. ("Greenhouse") respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it in accordance with applicable laws and using generally-accepted industry practices. This Privacy Policy explains who we are, how we collect, share and use personal information about you, and how you can exercise your privacy rights. For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “
Personal Information
” means any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual (e.g. name, address, email address or phone number).
If you have any questions or concerns about our use of your Personal Information, please contact us using the contact details provided below.
Greenhouse is a provider of cloud-based software services that help companies manage and optimise their recruitment and hiring processes, headquartered in New York. For clarity, we have separated this Privacy Policy into two sections, one that explains how Greenhouse collects and uses the Personal Information of visitors to our website (the “Website Privacy Policy”),
www.greenhouse.io
, and one that explains how our customers use our recruiting and onboarding software platforms (the “Services”) to collect Personal Information from individuals who are either job applicants or employees of our customers (the “Services Privacy Policy”). Please note that the data controller of Personal Information collected through our website is Greenhouse Software, Inc., and the data controller of Personal Information collected through our Services is the Greenhouse customer who has purchased our Services.
Website Privacy Policy
Personal information we collect
Greenhouse may collect the following information, including Personal Information from and about you:
From your interaction with Sales, Marketing, and Customer Support
: We collect Personal Information such as your name, company name, email address, phone number and billing information when you request a demo of our Services, or request sales information or customer service.
Cookies, Scripts and Related Technologies
: When you visit our website,
www.greenhouse.io
, we and our third-party service providers receive and record Personal Information that you may have provided and your digital signature, such as your IP address. The technologies we use to track your movements around our website include cookies, tracking scripts and pixels, and tagging technologies, which we may employ to understand your preferences, improve your experience on our website, etc. You can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. If you want to learn more about cookies, or how to control, disable or delete them, please visit
http://www.aboutcookies.org
for detailed guidance.
Collection of Data by Advertisers:
We may also use third parties to serve ads on our website or to manage our advertising on other sites. Certain third party partners may automatically collect information about your visits to this and other websites, your IP address, your ISP, the browser you use to visit our website (but not your name, address, email address or telephone number). They do this by using cookies, pixel tags or other technologies. Information collected may be used, among other things, to deliver advertising targeted to your interests and to better understand the usage and visitation of our website and the other sites tracked by these third parties. This policy does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, cookies or pixel tags in third-party ads, and we encourage you to check the privacy policies of advertisers and/or ad services to learn about their use of cookies and other technologies. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here:
http://www.aboutads.info/choices
or
http://www.networkadvertising.org
.
How Greenhouse uses your personal information
We may use the information that we collect about you and from you, including Personal Information, for the following purposes:
To customise our website
: We seek to improve your experience with our website. As a result, we will analyse data we collect about your use of the website.
To communicate with you
: If you request more information about our products, we will contact you using the information you provide to us. We may also send you information about products and services that may be of interest to you, with your prior opt-in consent where required by applicable law.
To aggregate data
: We may anonymise and aggregate data collected through our website and to create statistics that may be used for any purpose, provided that such statistics do not identify any customers or individuals or contain any Personal Information.
How Greenhouse may disclose or share your information
We do not sell or otherwise disclose Personal Information we collect about you, except as described in this Website Privacy Policy or as we disclose to you at the time this information is collected. As described in more detail below, we may share your Personal Information:
with our partners and third-party service providers. We authorise these service providers to use or disclose the information only as necessary to perform services on behalf of Greenhouse (for example, to support the delivery of, provide functionality on, or help to enhance the security of our Website). We require these service providers by contract to safeguard the privacy and security of Personal Information that they process on our behalf;
to any competent law enforcement body, regulatory, government agency, court or other third party where we believe disclosure is necessary (i) as a matter of applicable law or regulation, (ii) to exercise, establish or defend our legal rights, or (iii) to protect your vital interests or those of any other person;
to an acquirer, successor or assignee as part of any merger, acquisition, debt financing, sale of assets or similar transaction, or in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy or receivership in which information is transferred to one or more third parties as one of our business assets, provided that we inform such third parties that they must use your Personal Information only for the purposes disclosed in this Website Privacy Policy; and
to any other person with your consent to the disclosure.
Our website may contain links to third party websites or third party applications (“apps”). When you click on a link to any other website, app or location, you will leave our website and go to another site and another entity may collect Personal Information or anonymised data from you. We have no control over, do not review and cannot be responsible for these outside websites or their content. Please be aware that the terms of this Website Privacy Policy do not apply to these outside websites, apps or content, or to any collection of your Personal Information after you click on links to such outside websites or apps. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of every website you visit or app you use. The links to third-party websites, apps or locations are for your convenience and do not signify our endorsement of such third parties or their products, apps, content or websites.
How Greenhouse holds and secures your information
We care about the security of your Personal Information, and take appropriate steps including technical and organisational measures to ensure that your Personal Information is treated securely and in accordance with this Website Privacy Policy. The measures we use are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing your Personal Information.
International data transfers
Your personal information may be transferred to, and processed in, countries other than the country in which you are resident. These countries may have data protection laws that are different to the laws of your country (and, in some cases, may not be as protective).
Specifically, our Website servers are located in the United States, and our third-party service providers and partners operate around the world. This means that when we collect your personal information we may process it in any of these countries.
However, we have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your personal information will remain protected in accordance with this Website Privacy Policy. Greenhouse complies with the EU–US Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss–US Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union and Switzerland to the United States. Greenhouse has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield programme, and to view our certification, please vis
it https://www.privacyshield.g
ov. If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed to your satisfaction and that you don’t think can be resolved between the two of us, you can also submit a complaint (free of charge) to Privacy Trust, an independent, US-based third-party dispute resolution provider, at http
s://www.privacytrust.com.
Please note that if your complaint is not resolved through these methods, a binding arbitration option may be available before a Privacy Shield Panel under limited circumstances.
If you are a visitor from the European Economic Area, our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described above will depend on the Personal Information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it.
However, we will normally collect Personal Information from you only where we have your consent to do so, where we need the Personal Information to perform a contract with you, or where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect Personal Information from you or may otherwise need the Personal Information to protect your vital interests or those of another person.
If we ask you to provide Personal Information to comply with a legal requirement or to perform a contact with you, we will make this clear at the relevant time and advise you whether the provision of your Personal Information is mandatory or not (as well as of the possible consequences if you do not provide your personal information).
Similarly, if we collect and use your Personal Information in reliance on our legitimate interests (or those of any third party), we will make clear to you at the relevant time what those legitimate interests are.
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us at privacy@greenhouse.io.
How long Greenhouse retains your information
We retain Personal Information we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, to provide you with a service you have requested or to comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements).
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your Personal Information, we will either delete or anonymise it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your Personal Information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your Personal Information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
Your data protection rights
You have the following data protection rights:
If you wish to
access, correct, update or request deletion
of your Personal Information, you can do so at any time by contacting us at privacy@greenhouse.io.
In addition, if you are a resident of the European Union, you can
object to processing
of your Personal Information, ask us to
restrict processing
of your Personal Information or
request portability
of your Personal Information. Again, you can exercise these rights by contacting us at privacy@greenhouse.io.
You have the right to
opt out of marketing communications
we send you at any time. You can exercise this right by clicking on the “unsubscribe” or “opt out” link in the marketing emails we send you. To opt out of other forms of marketing (such as postal marketing or telemarketing), then please contact us at privacy@greenhouse.io.
Similarly, if we have collected and process your Personal Information with your consent, then you can
withdraw your consent
at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your Personal Information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
You have the
right to complain to a data protection authority
about our collection and use of your Personal Information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority.
We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
Services Privacy Policy
This Services Privacy Policy does not apply to our customers, who manage the Personal Information they collect through our Services in accordance with their own privacy policies. Greenhouse only processes the Personal Information that is stored in our Services as a data processor on behalf of our customers and in accordance with their instructions (as defined in our customer agreements), and we have no direct relationship with the individuals whose Personal Information we process in connection with our customers’ use of our Services. For example, if you apply to a job posted on a career page of a prospective employer that is one of our customers, your Personal Information will be automatically transferred to Greenhouse. However, the prospective employer is the data controller and you should contact that entity directly with any questions you may have regarding its privacy policies or data processing practices, and if you want to modify your Personal Information, restrict its processing or delete it from our Services.
Personal information we process
Greenhouse processes certain Personal Information input or uploaded into our Services by our customers’ employees and prospective employees, including contact information, employment history, education information, resumes, interview feedback and communications.
Greenhouse will use such Personal Information only as necessary to provide and deliver the Services to the customer, to prevent or address any service or technical issues, to respond to a customer’s support request, or for any other purpose provided for in the customer agreement, or in accordance with or as may be required by law.
How Greenhouse uses your personal information
Greenhouse may access or use the Personal Information collected through the Services for a range of reasons, which may include:
To provide, operate, optimise and maintain the Services;
To address customer questions and support requests;
To manage Greenhouse’s platform, system administration and security;
To compile aggregated statistics about the operation and use of the Services and to better understand the preferences of our customers;
To send customers technical alerts, reports, updates, security notifications and other Service-related communications;
To carry out research and development to improve our products and services;
To investigate and prevent fraud, unauthorised access or use of Services, breaches of terms and policies, and other wrongful behaviour;
To carry out other legitimate business purposes, as well as other lawful purposes about which Greenhouse will notify You.
How Greenhouse may disclose or share your information
We do not sell or otherwise disclose Personal Information we process in our Services, except as described in this Services Privacy Policy or as we disclose to you at the time this information is collected. As described in more detail below, we may share your Personal Information:
with third-party data subprocessors. We authorise these subprocessors to use the information only as necessary to assist Greenhouse in providing the Services (for example, to provide cloud storage services, interview calendaring, support ticketing or to help enhance security). We require these subprocessors by contract to safeguard the privacy and security of any Personal Information that they process on our behalf;
to any competent law enforcement body, regulatory, government agency, court or other third party where we believe disclosure is necessary (i) as a matter of applicable law or regulation, (ii) to exercise, establish or defend our legal rights, or (iii) to protect your vital interests or those of any other person;
to an acquirer, successor or assignee as part of any merger, acquisition, debt financing, sale of assets, or similar transaction, or in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy or receivership in which information is transferred to one or more third parties as one of our business assets, provided that we inform such third parties that they must use your Personal Information only for the purposes disclosed in this Services Privacy Policy; and
to any other person with your consent to the disclosure.
Our customers may choose to integrate their Greenhouse accounts with other third-party service providers. While we try to choose integration partners that share our standards for privacy, their websites and services are outside of our control and are not covered by this Services Privacy Policy, and we are not responsible for their content, security or privacy practices.
How Greenhouse holds and secures your information
We care about the security of your Personal Information, and take appropriate steps including technical and organisational measures to ensure that your Personal Information is treated securely and in accordance with this Services Privacy Policy. The measures we use are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing your Personal Information, and to protect it against loss, misuse and unauthorised access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. Such measures shall include, as appropriate:
the pseudonymisation and encryption of Personal Information;
the ability to ensure the ongoing confidentiality, integrity, availability and resilience of processing systems and services;
the ability to restore the availability and access to Personal Information in a timely manner in the event of a physical or technical incident;
a process for regularly testing, assessing and evaluating the effectiveness of technical and organisational measures for ensuring the security of the processing.
International data transfers
Your personal information may be transferred to, and processed in, countries other than the country in which you are resident. These countries may have data protection laws that are different to the laws of your country (and, in some cases, may not be as protective).
Specifically, Services are hosted on servers located in the United States, and Greenhouse and its subprocessors are in the United States as well. This means that your Personal Information is processed in the United States.
However, we have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your personal information will remain protected in accordance with this Services Privacy Policy. Greenhouse complies with the EU–US Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss–US Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union and Switzerland to the United States. Greenhouse has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield programme, and to view our certification, please vis
it https://www.privacyshield.g
ov. If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed to your satisfaction and that you don’t think can be resolved between the two of us, you can also submit a complaint (free of charge) to Privacy Trust, an independent, US-based third-party dispute resolution provider, at http
s://www.privacytrust.com.
Please note that if your complaint is not resolved through these methods, a binding arbitration option may be available before a Privacy Shield Panel under limited circumstances.
We will ensure that where other non-EEA service providers, including subprocessors, have access to Personal Information outside of the EEA, that they too commit to provide the same level of protection as the Privacy Shield Principles.
If your use of the Services requires Greenhouse to process Personal Information falling within the scope of GDPR, you may obtain and execute Greenhouse’s Data Processing Addendum (“DPA”) by contacting us at privacy@greenhouse.io.
If you are a visitor from the EEA, our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described above will depend on the Personal Information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it.
However, we will normally collect Personal Information from you only where we have your consent to do so, where we need the Personal Information to perform a contract with you, or where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect Personal Information from you or may otherwise need the Personal Information to protect your vital interests or those of another person.
If we ask you to provide Personal Information to comply with a legal requirement or to perform a contract with you, we will make this clear at the relevant time and advise you whether the provision of your Personal Information is mandatory or not (as well as of the possible consequences if you do not provide your personal information).
Similarly, if we collect and use your Personal Information in reliance on our legitimate interests (or those of any third party), we (or the relevant third party) will make clear to you at the relevant time what those legitimate interests are.
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us at privacy@greenhouse.io.
How long Greenhouse retains your personal information
We retain Personal Information we process where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, to provide you with a service you have requested or to comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements).
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your Personal Information, we will either delete or anonymise it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your Personal Information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your Personal Information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
Any Personal Information we process on behalf of our customers is retained in accordance with the timeframes set out in the relevant customer agreements.
Your data protection rights
You have the following data protection rights:
If you wish to
access, correct, update or request deletion
of your Personal Information, you can do so at any time.
In addition, if you are a resident of the European Union, you can
object to processing
of your Personal Information, ask us to
restrict processing
of your Personal Information or
request portability
of your Personal Information.
Similarly, if Personal Information was collected with your consent, then you can
withdraw your consent
at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your Personal Information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
You have the
right to complain to a data protection authority
about the collection and use of your Personal Information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority.
Please note that you should direct any requests related to the data protection rights described above to the Greenhouse customer who holds the relevant Greenhouse account. As a data processor of any Personal Information stored and processed on the Services, Greenhouse will not be able to respond directly to such requests and will refer any such requests to the relevant Customer.
Children’s privacy
We do not knowingly collect, maintain, or use Personal Information from children under 13 years of age, and no part of our website is directed to children under the age of 13. We will take steps to delete it if we learn we have inadvertently collected it.
If you learn that your child has provided us with Personal Information without your consent, you may alert us at privacy@greenhouse.io. If we learn that we have collected any Personal Information from children under 13, we will promptly take steps to delete such information and terminate the child’s account.
Updates to this Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time in response to changing legal, technical or business developments. When we update our Privacy Policy, we will take appropriate measures to inform you, consistent with the significance of the changes we make. We will obtain your consent to any material Privacy Policy changes if and where this is required by applicable data protection laws.
You can see when this Privacy Policy was last updated by checking the “last updated” date displayed at the top of this Privacy Policy.
Contact information
If you want to provide comments or questions about our Privacy Policy, or to exercise your rights, feel free to contact us at privacy@greenhouse.io or at the mailing address below.
Greenhouse Software, Inc.
ATTN: Legal
18 West 18th Street, 11th Floor
New York, NY 10011 USA
be_ixf;ym_202503 d_15; ct_50
be_ixf; php_sdk; php_sdk_1.4.26.1
https://greenhouse-production.herokuapp.com/uk/privacy-policy-may-25-2018
https://greenhouse-production.herokuapp.com/uk/privacy-policy-may-25-2018
By clicking “Accept all cookies,” you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Privacy policy
Cookie preferences
Reject all
Allow all
Set your cookie preference
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Allow all
Manage consent preferences
Always active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookie details‎
Targeting cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Cookie details‎
Performance cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookie details‎
Functional cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookie details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label