Platform
Platform
Platform Overview
Powering the next generation of healthcare delivery
The Healthie Harbor
Our ecosystem of third-party integrations and partners
Cloud-Based EHR
Intake & Onboarding
Charting
Care Plans
Clinical Tools
Multi-Provider Support
AI Scribe
Practice Management
Scheduling
Billing
Insurance
Reporting & Analytics
Workflow Automations
Patient Engagement
Telehealth & Webinars
Messaging
Programs
Journaling
Patient Portal
Manage your practice on-the-go, with Healthie's mobile app →
Solution
Solution
Business Type
Private Practice
Letting you focus on delivering quality care.
Group Practice
For group practices and clinics.
Digital Health Startup
Flexible, open, and ready to grow with you.
Enterprise
Recurring, relationship-based care at scale
Clinical Focus
Behavioral Health
Family Care
Women’s Health
Nutrition
Health Coaching
Chronic Care & MSK
Success Stories
Meet the companies that use Healthie to scale their impact.
Pricing
Resources
Resources
Healthie University
Case Studies
Blog
Guides
Help Center
Developer API Docs
Healthie+
Sign In
Try for Free
Sign In
Healthie Inc. (“
Healthie
”, “
we
,” “
us
,” or “
our
”) respects your privacy and understands the importance of privacy to our users. We developed this Privacy Policy to explain how we collect, use, share, and protect personal information, and your choices relating to your personal information.
This Privacy Policy applies to personal information collected or processed in connection with our website at
https://gethealthie.com/
and any other Healthie-operated website that links to this Privacy Policy (collectively, the “
Site
”) and our related services, email and other communications, social media pages, and events (collectively, the “
Services
”).  This Privacy Policy does not apply to or govern your healthcare provider’s (“
Provider
”) use of personal information or Protected Health Information (“
PHI
”) (as that term is defined under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act) that Healthie stores or otherwise processes on the Provider’s behalf when we provide our practice management platform, EHR, and related services.  For more information on your Provider’s use and disclosure of your personal information or PHI, please reach out to your Provider for their Notice of Health Information Privacy Practices or other privacy policy or notice.
Additionally, this Privacy Policy adheres to the EU-U.S. DPF Principles with regard to personal data transferred from the European Union and the United Kingdom and the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles with regard to personal data transferred from Switzerland.
1. Types of Personal Information We Collect
A.  Personal Information that You Provide Us
In various places on the Site and Services, we request information from you via forms.  The exact information we need to collect (including personal information) will depend on the purpose of the form.  For example, when you open an account on the Site, we collect your name, email address, and phone number.  In many cases, we will indicate on the form whether a particular field of information is mandatory or optional.
Personal information that you may provide to us includes:
Contact information
, such as first and last name, email address, mailing address, or phone number.
Professional information
, such as where you work, company description, company website, or job title.
Account information
, such as your account history, login information, or other account data.
Payment information
, such as bank account details, payment card information, or other information we collect for subscription billing purposes.
Order information
, such as order history, details of transactions, or information about the subscriptions and services you have purchased from us.
Communications
, such as the content of emails we exchange, messages or tickets you send to our support team, or other communications.
Preferences
, such as your preferences for receiving communications from us, details about how you engage with our communications, or other choices or preferences you have communicated.
Other information
that we may collect which is not specifically listed here, which we will use as described in this Privacy Policy or as otherwise disclosed at the time of collection.
Unless we specifically request it, we ask that you not provide us with any sensitive personal information (e.g., information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religion or other beliefs, health, biometrics or genetic characteristics, criminal background, or trade union membership).
Please note, if you choose not to provide certain information, we may not be able to provide requested Services or features of the Site.
‍
B.  Personal Information We Automatically Collect from You
We, our service provides, and our advertising partners may collect personal information automatically about you or your device, and your activity over time on the Site, the Services, and other online sites or services, such as:
Device data
, such as your computer or mobile device operating system type and version number, manufacturer and model, browser type, screen resolution, IP address, unique identifiers, the website you visited before browsing to our Site or Services, or general location information such as city, state, or geographic area.
Online activity data
, such as pages or screens you viewed, how long you spent on a page or screen, navigation paths between pages or screens, information about your activity on a page or screen, access times, or duration of access.
When you use our Site or certain Services, our servers may automatically record some of these types of personal information in log files. We may use this information to help secure the Site and Services by identifying potential threats and vulnerabilities, or in analyzing the effectiveness of our Site and Services to improve their function and content.
‍
In addition, when you use or access the Site and Services, we,  our service providers, and our advertising partners may use cookies and similar technologies such as pixels, web beacons, and local storage to collect information about how you use the Site and Services. For example, we may use some or all of the following technologies:
Cookies
, which are text files that websites store on a visitor’s device to uniquely identify the visitor’s browser or to store information or settings in the browser for the purpose of helping you navigate between pages efficiently, remembering your preferences, enabling functionality, helping us understand user activity and patterns, and facilitating online advertising.
Web beacons
, also known as pixel tags or clear GIFs, which are typically used to demonstrate that a webpage or email was accessed or opened, or that certain content was viewed or clicked, typically to compile statistics about usage of websites and the success of marketing campaigns.
Local storage
, which is used to save data on a visitor’s device. We may use data from local storage to, for example, turn on web navigation, store multimedia preferences, customize what we show you based on your past interactions with our Site or Services, and remember your preferences.
Session-replay technologies
, which are third-party software programs that we may use on the Site or Services to record a video replay of user’s interactions with the Site. The video replay may include users’ clicks, mouse movements, scrolls, mobile app touches, typing, and other activity taken during the session. We use these replays for research and development purposes, such as to help us troubleshoot problems with the Site and Services, understand how users interact with and use the Site and Services, and identify areas for improvement.
Chat technologies
, to operate the chat features that you can use to communicate with us through the Site. Our chat vendors and other third parties may access and use the device data and online activity data described above, and monitor and record your chats, for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. When you use these features you are not communicating with a human.
We process the personal information collected through such technologies for a variety of purposes, including to help operate certain features of the Site and Services, to enhance your experience through personalization, and to help us better understand the features of the Site and Services that you and other users are most interested in.
‍
C.   Personal Information from Third Parties
We may obtain personal information about you from third parties, such as our customers, social media platforms like LinkedIn, data providers, public sources, third parties that help us advertise our services and find new customers, joint marketing partners, event co-sponsors, or third parties who help us distribute or sell our platform and services.
Our customers and other users of the Site or Services may have the opportunity to refer colleagues or other contacts to us and share their contact information with us. Please do not share another person’s contact information or other personal information with us unless you have their permission to do so.
2. How We Use Personal Information
We use personal information categories described above for the purposes set forth in this section and as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy or at the time personal information is collected.
‍
A.   Platform and Service Delivery
We use personal information to operate our business and provide the Site and Services, including for purposes such as:
Providing our Site and Services to you;
Administering the Site and Services;
Enabling use of the Site and Services, including account creation, management, monitoring, and maintenance;
Billing and payment (including processing payments) for Services;
Sending information and otherwise communicating with you or responding to your requests or feedback;
Providing maintenance and support; and
For other purposes related to the reasons for which you provide personal information.
‍
B.   Research and Development
We may use your personal information for research and development purposes, including to study and improve the Services and our business, understand and analyze the usage trends and preferences of our users, and develop new features, functionality, products, and services.
As part of these activities, we may create aggregated, de-identified, or other anonymous data from personal information we collect. We make personal information into anonymous data by removing information that makes the data personally identifiable to you. We may use this anonymous data and share it with third parties for our lawful business purposes. Where we process de-identified personal information, we commit to maintaining and using such information in de-identified form without re-identifying such information (except where re-identification is in accordance with applicable law).
‍
C.  Artificial Intelligence
We may use artificial intelligence (AI) to enhance or help us provide the Services. For example, we may use AI tools to provide quicker, more efficient responses to your customer service requests. When you interact with those tools, your personal information may be used to provide you with a response or to otherwise provide the output or feature for which AI is being used.
‍
D.   Direct Marketing
We may send you Healthie-related or other direct marketing communications as permitted by law, including materials, updates, information, special offers, and promotional material from us and our business partners. You may opt-out of our marketing communications as described in the “
Your Choices
” section below.
‍
E.   Text Messaging
We may provide text messaging services using SMS or short code technology. For example, users may receive text alerts related to their account on the Services.
No mobile information will be shared with third parties/affiliates for marketing/promotional purposes. All other categories exclude text messaging originator opt-in data and consent; this information will not be shared with any third parties.
‍
For more information about how to opt-out of text messaging services, please see the “
Your Choices
” section below or review the applicable messaging service terms.
‍
F.   Interest-Based Advertising
We work with third-party advertising companies and social media companies to help us advertise our business and to display ads for our Services. These companies may use cookies and similar technologies to collect information about you (including the online activity information and device information described above in the section called “Personal Information Automatically Collected”) over time across our Site, Services, and other websites and services or your interaction with our emails, and use that information to serve ads that they think will interest you. In addition, some of these companies may use hashed customer lists that we share with them to deliver ads to you and to similar users on their platforms. You can learn more about your choices for limiting behavioral-based advertising in the “
Your Choices
” section below.
‍
G.   Compliance, Fraud Prevention, and Safety
We may use personal information and disclose it to law enforcement, government authorities, and private parties as we believe necessary or appropriate to: (a) maintain the safety, security, and integrity of the Site and Services, business, databases, and other technology assets; (b) protect our, your, or others’ rights, privacy, safety or property (including by making and defending legal claims); (c) audit our internal processes for compliance with legal and contractual requirements and internal policies; (d) enforce the terms and conditions that govern the Site or Services; and (e) prevent, identify, investigate, and deter fraudulent, harmful, unauthorized, unethical or illegal activity, including cyberattacks and identity theft. We will also use personal information as we believe necessary or appropriate to comply with applicable laws, lawful requests, and legal process, such as to respond to subpoenas or requests from government authorities.
‍
H.   With Your Consent
We will disclose your personal information in accordance with your prior direction or, in some cases, we may specifically ask you for your consent to collect, use, or share your personal information, such as when required by law.
3. Disclosure of Personal Information
We will not disclose personal information except as set forth in this Privacy Policy or with your consent. Specifically, we do not sell personal information for money.  This section describes to whom we disclose personal information and for what purposes:
Financial Institutions
. When you make payments or request a statement through the Site and Services, we may provide your personal information to your bank, credit card company, or other financial institution (“Financial Institutions”) in order to process such payments or statements.  Our use and disclosure of any personal information to Financial Institutions is limited in accordance with applicable privacy laws and our agreements with the Financial Institutions.
Our Service Providers
. We engage service providers to perform tasks on our behalf and to assist us in operating the Site and Services or providing our products and services. For example, Healthie may use third-party vendors and hosting companies to provide the necessary hardware, software, networking, storage, and related technology required to operate the Site and Services. We may store encrypted database backups off site with a third-party storage provider to ensure data security in the case of an emergency or catastrophe. We take commercially reasonable steps to help ensure our service providers provide at least the same level of protection for personal information as we do.
Companies Involved in Mergers and Acquisitions Transactions
.  If we sell or otherwise transfer part or the whole of our business or assets to another organization (
e.g.
, in the course of a transaction like a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, or liquidation), any information collected through the Site and Services, including personal information, may be among the items sold or transferred or may be disclosed as part of the transaction (or potential transaction).
Law Enforcement, Government Agencies, and Courts.
We may disclose personal information at the request of law enforcement or government agencies; in response to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal process; to establish, protect, or exercise our rights; to defend against a legal claim; to protect the rights, property, or safety of any other person; or as otherwise required by law.
Related Companies
. We may disclose personal information with parent companies, subsidiaries, or affiliates, including those we may have in the future.
Advertising Partners
. We may share personal information with third parties who we partner with for advertising campaigns or that collect information about your activity on the Site or Services for the purposes described in the “Interest-Based Advertising” section above.
Professional Advisors
. We may share personal information with persons, companies, or professional firms providing us with advice and consulting in accounting, administrative, legal, tax, financial, debt collection, and other matters.
4. How We Protect the Confidentiality of Personal Information
We protect the confidentiality and security of personal information we obtain in the course of business. We use commercially reasonable safeguards to help keep the personal information collected through the Site and Services secure.
Despite these efforts to store personal information in a secure operating environment, we cannot guarantee the security of personal information during its transmission or its storage on our systems. Further, while we attempt to ensure the integrity and security of personal information, we cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent third parties such as hackers from illegally obtaining access to personal information. We do not represent or warrant that personal information about you will be protected against, loss, misuse, or alteration by third parties.
5. Retention and Deletion
We will only retain your personal information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected and processed, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, regulatory, accounting or reporting requirements. To determine the appropriate retention period for personal information, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal information, the purposes for which we process your personal information and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
In some circumstances, we may de-identify, aggregate, or otherwise anonymize your personal information consistent with applicable laws and industry standards so that it can no longer be associated with you, in which case it is no longer treated as personal information.
6. Your Choices
A.  Accessing, Updating, or Deleting Personal Information
If you would like to otherwise access, update, or delete personal information about you, you may submit a request to
hello@gethealthie.com
. We will promptly review all such requests in accordance with applicable law.
If you are a resident of California,  the European Economic Area, or United Kingdom (collectively “
Europe
”), please see the information below in Section 10 (California Residents) and Section 11 (European Residents) for more information regarding your rights.
‍
B.   Opting Out of Receiving Electronic Communications
We may send notifications, promotions, or other information via email or text message (“
Communications
”). You may choose to stop receiving Communications by indicating your preference in your account profile or settings.
To opt-out of marketing-related emails, you can click the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of the email or contact as using the contact information at the end of this Privacy Policy.
To stop receiving text messages from us, reply STOP to any text message you receive from us, or send your request and mobile telephone number to the email address listed at the end of this Privacy Policy. Note that we may send you a message to confirm receipt of your STOP request.
Please note that certain Site and Services-related Communications are necessary for the proper functioning and use of the Site and Services (
e.g.
, to verify the phone number associated with your account) and you may not have the ability to opt out of those Communications.
‍
C.   Cookies
Most browsers provide you with the ability to block, delete, or disable cookies, and your mobile device may allow you to disable transmission of unique identifiers and location data. If you choose to reject cookies or block device identifiers, some features of the Site and Services may not be available or some functionality may be limited or unavailable.  Please review the help pages of your browser or mobile device for assistance with changing your settings. For more information about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set on your browser and how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
‍
D.   Analytics
The Site uses Google Analytics to help us analyze how the Site is being accessed and used. You can learn more about Google Analytics cookies by clicking
here
and about how Google protects your data by clicking
here
. To opt-out of Google Analytics, you can download and install the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on, available
here
.
‍
E.   Interest-Based Advertising
You can limit the use of your information for interest-based advertising by blocking third-party cookies in your browser settings, using browser plug-ins/extensions, and/or using your mobile device settings to limit the use of the advertising ID associated with your mobile device. You can also opt out of interest-based ads from companies participating in the following industry opt-out programs by visiting the linked websites: the Network Advertising Initiative (
http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
), the Digital Advertising Alliance (
https://optout.aboutads.info
), or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
).
Many of the opt-out preferences described in this section must be set on each device and/or browser for which you want them to apply. Please note that some of the advertising companies we work with may not participate in the opt-out mechanisms described above, so even after opting-out, you may still receive interest-based advertisements from other companies. If you opt-out of interest-based advertisements, you will still see advertisements online but they may be less relevant to you.
‍
F.   Do Not Track
Some browsers may be configured to send “Do Not Track” signals to the online services that you visit. The Site currently does not respond to “Do Not Track” signals.
7. International Transfers
If you are using our websites from outside the United States, please be aware that personal information may be collected, stored, and processed in the United States and in other countries outside of your home country. Privacy laws in the locations where we handle your personal information may not be as protective as the privacy laws in your country. By providing your personal information, where applicable law permits, you specifically and expressly consent to such transfer and processing and the collection, use, and disclosure set forth herein.
Individuals in Europe can learn more about the safeguards we have in place relating to transfers of personal information below.
‍
8. California Residents
This section applies to our collection and use of “personal information” as defined under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), if you are a resident of California.
‍
A. Categories of Personal Information Collected and the Purposes of Collection and Use
We collect/have collected the following categories of personal information within the preceding twelve (12) months:
- Identifiers such as your name, email address, IP address, and online identifiers;
- Certain categories of personal information described in subdivision (e) of California Civil Code Section 1798.80;
- Internet or other electronic network activity information, including the device data and online activity data that we describe above in the section titled “Personal Information We Automatically Collect From You”;
- Inferences related to how you interact with us or purchase services from us;
- Commercial information, including records of products or services purchased or other purchasing histories; and
- Professional or employment-related information.
‍
The categories of personal information collected, along with the sources of collection, are more fully described above in the section above titled “Types of Personal Information We Collect.” The business or commercial purposes for which we collect and share these categories of personal information are described in the section above titled “How We Use Personal Information.”
To the extent that we may collect sensitive personal information (as defined under the CCPA), we only use or disclose it for purposes permitted under the CCPA (e.g., to provide the Site or Services, detect security incidents and prevent fraud, or to verify and maintain the quality of the Site or Services). We do not collect or use sensitive personal information for the purpose of inferring characteristics about California residents.
‍
B.  Personal Information Disclosed for Business Purposes, “Sold,” or “Shared”
We share (and in the preceding 12 months may have shared) each of the categories of personal information listed above with our service providers and the other parties listed above in the section titled “Disclosure of Personal Information.”
The CCPA defines a “sale” of personal information to mean, for example, when a business sells, rents, releases, discloses, disseminates, makes available, transfers, or otherwise communicates orally, in writing, or by electronic or other means, a resident’s personal information to a third party for monetary or other valuable consideration. When personal information is disclosed and used for purposes of cross-context behavioral advertising (whether or not for monetary or other valuable consideration), the CCPA calls this “sharing” personal information.
Identifiers, internet or ither electronic activity information, and commercial information may be “sold” or “shared” (and in the preceding 12 months have been “sold” or “shared”) to advertising partners. The purposes for these disclosures are to help us advertise our products and services, identify new users or potential customers, and track the success of our marketing campaigns. We do not knowingly “sell” or “share” the personal information of California residents under 16 years of age.
‍
C. Your California Privacy Rights
If you are a resident of the California, you have the following rights:
Right to Know
. You may have the right to request information on the categories of personal information that we collected, the categories of sources from which the personal information was collected, the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you, the business or commercial purposes for collecting, selling, or sharing personal information, and the categories of third parties to whom we disclose personal information.
Right to Delete.
You may have a right to request us to delete personal information that we collected from you.
Right to Correct
. You can ask us to correct inaccurate personal information that we maintain about you.
Right to Opt-Out of “Sales” or “Sharing”.
You have a right to opt-out of certain disclosures of personal information to third parties, if such disclosures constitute a “sale” or “share” under California law.
Right to Non-Discrimination
. You have a right not to receive retaliatory or discriminatory treatment for exercising any of the rights described above. However, please note that if the exercise of the rights described above limits our ability to process personal information (such as in the case of a deletion request), we may no longer be able to provide you the Site or Services or engage with you in the same manner.
‍
If you would like to exercise your rights know, delete, or correct, please contact (or have your authorized agent contact) us at
hello@gethealthie.com
.  When doing so, please tell us which right you are exercising and provide us with contact information to direct our response.
We reserve the right to confirm your California residency, and must verify your identity before fulfilling your requests to know, delete, or correct.  If we cannot initially verify your identity, we may request additional information to complete the verification process. Any personal information you disclose to us for purposes of verifying your identity will solely be used for the purpose of verification.
We try to respond to all legitimate requests to know, delete, or correct within 45 days of your request. Occasionally it may take us longer than 45 days to respond, for instance if your request is particularly complex.
If you wish to exercise your right to opt-out of “sales” or “sharing”, please email
hello@gethealthie.com
.
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information.
You can also broadcast the Global Privacy Control (GPC) signal when visiting the Site. Note that due to technological limitations, if you visit our Site from a different computer or device, or clear cookies on your browser that store your preferences, you will need to return to the Site to select your preferences or rebroadcast the GPC signal.
If you direct us not to sell or share your personal information, we will consider it a request pursuant to California’s “Shine the Light” law to stop sharing your personal information covered by that law with third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
Consistent with the CCPA, you may also designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf. If you do so, we may require proof of your identification, the authorized agent’s proof of identification, and any other information that we may request in order to verify the request, including evidence of valid permission for the authorized agent to act on your behalf. We cannot process your request if you do not provide us with sufficient detail to allow us to understand and respond to it.
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal information (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee or decline to comply with your request if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive, or excessive.
9. European Residents
In this section, we provide additional information relating to how we process personal information of individuals in Europe under European data protection laws.
A. Legal Basis for Processing
Our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Policy will depend on the personal information concerned and the context in which we process it. The legal bases we typically rely on are set out in the table below. We rely on our legitimate interests as our legal basis only where those interests are not overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or our processing is otherwise required or permitted by law). If you have questions about the legal basis of how we process your personal information, contact us at
hello@gethealthie.com
.
Processing Purpose
(as described above in the “How We Use Personal Information” section)
Platform and Service Delivery
Processing is necessary to perform the contract governing our operation of the Site and Services, or to take steps that you request prior to engaging our services. Where we cannot process your personal information as required to operate the Site and Services on the grounds of contractual necessity, we process your personal information for this purpose based on our legitimate interests as further described in this Privacy Policy.
Research and Development
Processing is based on our legitimate interests in performing research and development as described in this Privacy Policy.
Artificial Intelligence
Processing is based on our legitimate interests to enhance or help us provide the Site and Services.
Direct Marketing
Processing is based on your consent where that consent is required by applicable law. Where we rely on your consent you have the right to withdraw it any time in the manner indicated when you consented or via the relevant Services.
Where such consent is not required by applicable law, we process your personal information for this purpose based on our legitimate interests in promoting our business and providing you with tailored, relevant content.
Text Messaging
Processing is based on your consent where that consent is required by applicable law. Where we rely on your consent you have the right to withdraw it any time in the manner indicated when you consented or via the relevant Services.
Where such consent is not required by applicable law, we process your personal information for this purpose based on our legitimate interests in promoting our business and providing you with tailored, relevant content.
Interest-Based Advertising
Processing is based on your consent where that consent is required by applicable law. Where we rely on your consent you have the right to withdraw it any time in the manner indicated when you consented or via the relevant Services.
Where such consent is not required by applicable law, we process your personal information for this purpose based on our legitimate interests in promoting our business and providing you with tailored, relevant content.
Compliance, Fraud Prevention, and Safety
Processing is necessary to comply with our legal obligations or based on our legitimate interests in protecting our or others’ rights, privacy, safety, or property.
With Your Consent
Processing is based on your consent. Where we rely on your consent you have the right to withdraw it any time in the manner indicated when you consent or via the relevant Services.
We may use your personal information for reasons not described in this Privacy Policy where permitted by law and the reason is compatible with the purpose for which we collected it. If we need to use your personal information for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and explain the applicable legal basis.
‍
B. Your Privacy Rights
European data protection laws may give you certain rights regarding your personal information. You may ask us to take the following actions in relation to your personal information that we hold:
Access
. Provide you with information about our processing of your personal information and give you access to your personal information.
Correct
. Update or correct inaccuracies in your personal information.
Delete
. Delete your personal information.
Port
. Transfer a machine-readable copy of your personal information to you or a third party of your choice.
Restrict
. Restrict the processing of your personal information.
Object
. Object to our reliance on our legitimate interests as the basis of our processing of your personal information that impacts your rights.
‍
If you wish to exercise any of these applicable rights, please contact us at
hello@gethealthie.com
. We may request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and process your request. Applicable law may require or permit us to decline your request. If we decline your request, we will tell you why, subject to legal restrictions.
Depending on where you live, you may have a right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority or other regulatory agency if you believe that we have violated any of the rights concerning personal information.  In the European Economic Area, you can find your data protection regulator
here
. In the United Kingdom, you can find your data protection regulator
here
. We encourage you to first reach out to us at
hello@gethealthie.com
, so we have an opportunity to address your concerns directly before you do so.
‍
C. Cross-Border Data Transfer
If we transfer your personal information to a country outside of Europe such that we are required to apply additional safeguards to your personal information under European data protection laws, we will do so. Please contact us at
hello@gethealthie.com
for further information about any such transfers or the specific safeguards applied.
‍
D. Controller
The controller of your personal information covered by this Privacy Policy for purposes of European data protection legislation is Healthie, 9450 SW Gemini Dr, PMB 29722, Beaverton, OR 97008-7105, Data Protection Representative is John Norman, VP, Security and Compliance.
10. Data Privacy Framework
Healthie participates in the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (collectively, the “
DPF Program
”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of Personal Information transferred from the European Union (“
EU
”), European Economic Area (“
EEA
”), Switzerland, and the United Kingdom (together with Gibraltar, the “
UK
”) to the United States. Healthie has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Data Privacy Framework Principles (“
DPF Principles
”). If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the DPF Principles, the DPF Principles shall govern. To learn more about the DPF Program and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/list
.
Healthie’s participation in the DPF Program applies to all personal information about individuals in the EU, EEA, Switzerland, and the UK within the scope of Healthie’s DPF Program certification, such as personal information that our customers submit to our platform. We collect, use, and disclose this personal information as described in this Privacy Policy and/or for the purpose of providing our platform and related services to our customers. In some cases, we may be required to disclose personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. Healthie is committed to complying with the DPF Principles in respect of covered personal information.
In compliance with the DPF Program, Healthie commits to resolve DPF Principle-related complaints about our collection or use of your Personal Information.  EU, EEA, Swiss, and UK individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our DPF policy should first contact Healthie at
hello@gethealthie.com
.
Healthie further commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of Personal Information received in reliance on the DPF Program to JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution
for more information or to file a complaint.  The JAMS services are provided at no cost to you.
Additionally, under certain limited conditions, individuals may be allowed to invoke binding arbitration for some residual claims not resolved by other redress mechanisms. Please see Annex 1 to the relevant Data Privacy Framework or UK Extension for more information, available on the
DPF website
.
Healthie is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In accordance with the DPF Principles, Healthie remains responsible and liable under the DPF Principles if third-party agents that it engages to process personal information on its behalf do so in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless Healthie proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
Under the DPF Principles, covered individuals may have the right to access their personal information and may have other choices for limiting the use and disclosure of their personal information. If you wish to exercise these rights or choices, please first contact the customer (the data controller) who provided your personal information to Healthie. You may also submit these requests to us by emailing us at
hello@gethealthie.com
. Please note, we may need to collect additional information to verify your identity or the customer who provided us with your personal information. In most cases, we will need to refer your request to our customer.
11. Children's Privacy
We do not knowingly collect or solicit any personal information from children or minors under 18. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child, we will promptly take steps to delete that information.
12. Other Websites and Sites, Including Social Media
We are not responsible for the practices employed by any websites or services linked to or from our Site and Services, including the information or content contained within them.  A link to a third party’s website should not be construed as an endorsement.  We encourage you to investigate and ask questions before disclosing personal information to third parties.
13. Other Websites and Sites, Including Social Media
We are not responsible for the practices employed by any websites or services linked to or from our Site and Services, including the information or content contained within them.  A link to a third party’s website should not be construed as an endorsement.  We encourage you to investigate and ask questions before disclosing Personal Information to third parties.
14. Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We may modify or update this Privacy Policy from time to time, so please review it periodically. We may provide you with notice of material changes to the Privacy Policy as appropriate under the circumstances. Unless otherwise indicated, any changes to this Privacy Policy will apply immediately upon posting to the Site and Services.
15. How to Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the Site and Services, please email us at
hello@gethealthie.com
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/list:
You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Please wait while application initialize...
;