Privacy Policy
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their ‘Personally identifiable information’ is being used online. Personally identifiable information, as used in European privacy law, United States privacy law, and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information via our website and app (together referred to as Online Platform) in accordance with General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
When downloading the Abov app, you will be asked to either connect through Facebook, Google, Apple (for IOS devices), or to enter your name and email address. This information is used to save your preferences and to keep you informed about the latest changes in the Abov app.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register on our site, subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use our website features in the following ways:
To personalize the user’s experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
To improve our website in order to better serve you.
To send periodic emails regarding the Abov app (if you have installed this) or other products and services.
How do we protect visitor information?
The security level of our online hosted services is of the highest level of quality that you may expect from a service that collects personal information. We will never ask you to share financial or any other private information.
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive information you supply is encrypted via Transport Socket Layer (TSL) technology.
We implement a variety of security measures when a user enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information. Whisky Suggest does not sell any products, so all orders that you place at one of or ecommerce partners are not stored or processed on our servers.
What are ‘cookies’?
Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
Do we use ‘cookies’?
Yes.
We use cookies to:
We use cookies to help us remember and process the pages you have visited. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf.
How can you manage cookies?
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser’s Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If users disable cookies in their browser:
If you disable cookies off, some features will be disabled It will turn off some of the features that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly. This includes saving your personal user preferences.
What are your data protection rights?
We would like to make sure you are fully aware of all of your data protection rights. Every user is entitled to the following:
The right to access
– You have the right to request copies of your personal data. We may charge you a small fee for this service.
The right to rectification
– You have the right to request that we correct any information you believe is inaccurate. You also have the right to request that we complete the information you believe is incomplete.
The right to erasure
– You have the right to request that we erase your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to restrict processing
– You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to object to processing
– You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to data portability
– You have the right to request that we transfer the data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions.
If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us at our email at the bottom of this page.
Third-party disclosure:
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide users with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release information when its release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect our or others’ rights, property, or safety.
Non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third-party links:
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our website. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Google:
We along with third-party vendors, such as Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to keep track of our website and app statistics, to improve the quality of both our website and app.
Opting out:
Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising initiative opt out page or permanently using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.
How does our site handle do not track signals?
We honor do not track signals and do not track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place. It’s also important to note that we allow third-party behavioral tracking.
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act):
Since we provide information about alcoholic beverages, it is only possible to register at abovapp.com when you have reached the minimum age that allows alcohol consumption in your country. In most countries, alcohol consumption is prohibited for people under 18 or 21 years old.
Fair Information Practices and Data Breach Policy:
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices, we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
We will notify the users via email within 7 business days. We also agree to the Individual Redress Principle, which requires that individuals have a right to pursue legally enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
CAN SPAM Act:
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to:
•
Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
To be in accordance with CANSPAM we agree to the following:
NOT use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.
Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.
Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.
Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.
Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email.
How can you control your information?
You can adjust the information associated with your Account by visiting your account settings. If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us at the email address at the bottom of this page, adjust the email settings in your personal Abov App account, or follow the instructions at the bottom of each email, and we will promptly remove you from
ALL
commercial correspondence.
Can this privacy policy be changed?
Abov is entitled to amend or supplement the Privacy Policy at any time by posting the amended Privacy Policy on the Online Platform. The most up-to-date version of the Privacy Policy can be found on the Online Platform. We will notify you by email in the event that an amendment or supplementation will significantly affect your rights.
Contacting Us:
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below:
contact@abovapp.com
Last Revision:
February 22, 2024