Please wait
Contacts
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Sales Policy
Safety & Security
GDPR & Data Policy
Feedback
Privacy Policy
Protecting personal information is a core ManyCam value. This privacy statement describes how we collect
        and use the personal information you provide on our website. It also describes the choices available to 
        you regarding the use of your personal information and the steps you can take to access this information 
        and to request that we correct or delete it.
ManyCam abides by the safe harbor framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the
        collection, use, and retention of data from the European Union.
Information Collection
As is true of most websites, we gather information automatically and store it in log files. This information
        includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit 
        pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and click-stream data. We also gather data from Google's Interest-based 
        advertising and 3rd-party audience data (such as age, gender and interests) with Google Analytics. We use 
        this information, which does not identify individual visitors, to analyze trends, to measure visitor usage 
        and interest, to administer and improve the functionality of the website, to track visitors' movements around 
        the site and to gather information about the geographic location of our visitors as a whole. We do not collect 
        Personally Identifiable Information ("PII") about our visitors at this website. No further information regarding 
        our website visitors, other than the browser-level information described above, is collected at this website 
        in any manner whatsoever or for any purpose.
We may also gather information such as Windows OS version, primary monitor resolution, video preset count, and
        apps used with ManyCam. This information does not identify individual visitors by any means and is only used 
        for the analysis of trends and to help improve our software.
Unless a user has opted out by modifying his/her preferences, upon registration, we may use any e-mail address
        that we are provided with to notify users of the existence of new contents or promotions in areas concerning 
        which they have expressed an interest. You may request that we stop sending you such notices, at any time 
        thereafter, by following the instructions mentioned in our e-mails.
ManyCam Pro users enter their email address, postal address, and billing data to purchase our software. This data (minus the billing data) is linked to the ManyCam Pro customer's private Pro serial/activation number and the customer's full name, email address, city, state, country, and postal code appears in the ManyCam Pro "About" window. ManyCam Pro user info is sometimes held on our servers and is encrypted. We never store or access any user credit card or any type of payment system billing data on our servers. ManyCam uses professional third party encrypted and secure billing services for billing transactions like
Stripe.com
.
You can control which features of your Google Account ManyCam can interact with by going to the
Google Security Settings
page. Here you can review which applications use your Google Account and revoke access at any time.
Cookies
A "cookie" is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website.
        When you visit the website again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user 
        preferences and other information. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie 
        is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies.
We use cookies to enhance your online experience and to learn about how you use our services in order to improve
        the quality of our services. Our servers automatically record information when you visit our website, including 
        the URL, IP address, browser type and language, and the date and time of your request.
Sharing of Information
ManyCam does not and will not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with other people or nonaffiliated
        companies, except to provide products or services you have requested, with your permission, or under the following 
        circumstances:
From time to time, we may provide some of the personal information that we collected to trusted business
                partners that work on behalf of or with ManyCam under confidentiality agreements which cover our users’ 
                personal information as well as guarantees that our partner provides the same level of protection to your 
                information as our organization does. As the case may be, such business partners may use your personal 
                information to help ManyCam communicate with you about our offers and those of our marketing partners. 
                However, our business partners do not have any independent right to share or otherwise use your 
                information;
We may also share your personal information if we believe it is necessary to share information in order
                to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving 
                potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of ManyCam’s terms of use, or as otherwise 
                required by law.
At certain times while using ManyCam you may interact with the YouTube API in order to stream your live video
                to YouTube from Manycam. When using this functionality please be aware that some of your information
                may be shared to YouTube, you can learn more by visiting YouTube's
Privacy Policy
.
Data Collection and Deletion
Over the course of using Manycam we may collect different data about you and your use of the product.
        For more information about what we collect as well as how to change and delete your data please review our
GDPR & Data Policy
.
Policy Changes
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy,
        we will post those changes in a conspicuous manner to this Privacy Policy, and other places we deem appropriate, 
        so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
Thank you for your feedback!
Help us improve your ManyCam experience by completing an online survey. It will only take you a minute.
Take a Survey
Copyright © 2025 ManyCam ULC.
Please wait
Log in
Use existing account
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Or your ManyCam account
Log in
Recover password
Don’t have an account yet?
Create one now!
Create an Account
It takes less than a minute. If you already have an account, please
Log in
.
First Name
Last Name
Email
Password
(Minimum 6 characters)
Strength:
Empty
Too Short
Bad
Good
Strong
Excellent
Please keep me updated with ManyCam news and promotions
Create
Choosing Create means that you agree to the
ManyCam Terms of Service Agreement
and
Privacy Policy
.
This beta is for users with paid subscriptions only.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.