Privacy Policy
DATE LAST MODIFIED: This Privacy Policy will be
effective from September 25, 2019.
GRAMPUS Inc. (“GRAMPUS”, “we,” “us” or “our”)
values your privacy. We offer a variety of games through various means,
including our mobile application and our Facebook application (collectively,
our “Applications”). On our website
www.grampus.co
(the
“Site”), we provide information about our products and services, including
those games, and how you may redeem certain points that you earn through the
Applications. In this Privacy Policy (“Policy”), we describe how we collect,
use, and disclose information that we obtain about visitors to our Site and our
Applications, and the services offered on each (collectively, “Services”).
By using any of our Services or visiting our
Site or Applications, you agree that your personal information will be handled
as described in this Policy. Your use of our Site, Applications or Services,
and any dispute over privacy, is subject to this Policy and our Terms of
Service, including its applicable limitations on damages and the resolution of
disputes. The GRAMPUS Terms of Services are incorporated by reference into this
Policy:
-
Cooking Adventure
on Facebook Canvas/
Gameroom
, Mobile Application
-
TAP CHEF
on Facebook Instant Games, Mobile Web Application
All capitalized terms used in this Policy and
not defined within the Policy are defined in the Terms of Service.
What Information Do We Collect About You and
Why?
We may collect information about you directly
from you and from third parties, as well as automatically through your use of
our Site, Applications or Services.
Information We Collect Directly
From
You and As You Play Our Games
Certain areas and features of the Applications
require registration, such as to accumulate, purchase and Virtual Items, and to
post any User Content. To register, you must create an account
with GRAMPUS by accessing our Applications through your Facebook account.
Information We Collect About You
From
Facebook
When you log into our mobile application through
your Facebook account, you will be asked to enter your Facebook email address
and password. Facebook controls the information collected from you during the
log-in process; GRAMPUS does not control the information that
Facebook collects from you. When you use any of our Applications (whether our
mobile application or if you access our Facebook application), we will collect
the following information: (
i
) access and collect
your Facebook basic information (this includes your name, profile picture,
gender, networks, user IDs, list of friends, date of birth, email address, and
any other information you have you have set to public on your Facebook
account); (ii) send you email; (iii) post to your Wall; (iv) access posts in
your news feed; and (v) access your Facebook data at any time even if you are
not using Facebook. Please note, if you allow GRAMPUS to have access
to this information, then GRAMPUS will have access to this
information even if you have chosen not to make that information public. For
information about how Facebook may disclose your information, including any
information you make public, please consult the Facebook Privacy Policy. We
have no control over how Facebook uses or discloses the personal information
you provide to it. We store the information that we receive from Facebook along
with other information that we collect from you or receive about you.
Information We Collect
Automatically;
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
We use cookies, including Flash cookies, and
other tracking technologies (including technologies designed for mobile
devices) to track information about your use of our Services. We automatically
collect the following information about you from your use of our Services
through these technologies: your browser type and operating system; web pages
you view; links you click; your IP address; and the length of time you visit
our Site, Applications, and/or use our Services. For users of our mobile
application, in addition to the information listed above, we collect the
following: language information, your geo-location (with your permission),
unique device identifier (as permitted), and device name and model. We may use this
information in the
aggregate
or we may combine it with
personal information about you. Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we
transfer to your computer’s hard drive through your web browser for
record-keeping purposes. Some cookies allow us to make it easier for you to
navigate our Site and Applications, while other cookies are used to enable a
faster log-in process or to allow us to track your activities at our Site and
Applications. There are two types of cookies: session-based and persistent-based
cookies.
Analytics
We use automated devices and applications, such
as Google Analytics or Facebook Insights, to evaluate usage of our Site and, to
the extent permitted, our Applications. We also may use other analytic means to
evaluate our Services. We use these tools to help us improve our Services and
user experiences.
How We Use Your Information
We use the information that we gather about you
for the following purposes:
-
To provide our
Services to you, to communicate with you about your use of our Services, to
respond to your inquiries, to fulfill your orders, and for other customer
service purposes.
-
To tailor the
content and information that we may send or display to you, to offer location
customization, and to otherwise personalize your experiences while using the
Site, Applications, or our Services.
-
Where permitted by
law, and in accordance with Facebook’s applicable terms and conditions, for
marketing and promotional purposes. For example, we may use your information,
such as your email address, to email you news and newsletters, special offers,
and promotions, or to otherwise contact you about products or information we
think may interest you. We may also use the information that we learn about you
to determine where to assist us in advertising our Services on third party
websites.
-
To better
understand how users access and use our Services, both on an aggregated and
individualized basis, in order to improve our Services, analyze player traffic
and activity, respond to user desires and preferences, and for other research
and analytical purposes.
-
We also may post to
your Facebook Wall, access posts in your news feeds, and access your Facebook
data when you are not logged into Facebook. We will use and access this
information for the purposes described in this section and as discussed below.
-
As required or
permitted by law.
How We Share Your Information
We may share the information that we receive
from you, including personally identifiable information, as follows:
-
Facebook Friends
.
Your username
and profile picture will be visible to all other GRAMPUS users,
regardless of whether they are your Facebook friends. In addition, when you
join GRAMPUS, if you grant request to post on your Wall under settings, a
notification will be visible on your Facebook page telling your friends that
you have started using GRAMPUS. The GRAMPUS
facebook
application will also be visible on your Facebook page under “applications.”
-
GRAMPUS Users.
Your username
and any information that you post to GRAMPUS, including, without
limitation, reviews, comments, scores, participation in the game, and text will
be available to, and searchable by, all other GRAMPUS users.
-
Our Partners.
We may share certain
information regarding your Rewards with our partners. The partners will use
this information solely for the purpose of determining your eligibility for the
Reward. Any information that you submit to a third party will be governed by
that third party’s website privacy policy and not this Policy. We do not share
your personal information with our partners or other third parties for their
direct marketing purposes.
-
Service Providers.
We may
disclose the information we collect from you to third party vendors, service
providers, contractors or agents who perform functions on our behalf.
-
Business Transfers:
If we are
acquired by or merged with another company, if substantially all of our assets
are transferred to another company, or as part of a bankruptcy proceeding, we
may transfer the information we have collected from you to the other company.
-
In Response to
Legal Process
. We also may disclose the information we
collect from you
in order to
comply with the law, a
judicial proceeding, court order, or other legal process, such as in response
to a court order or a subpoena.
-
To
Protect GRAMPUS and Others.
We also may
disclose the information we collect from you where we believe it is necessary
to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected
fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person,
violations of our Terms of Service or this Policy, or as evidence in litigation
in which GRAMPUS is involved.
-
Aggregate and De-Identified
Information.
We may share aggregate or de-identified information about
users with third parties for marketing, advertising,
research
or similar purposes.
Third-Party Links
Our Site and Applications contain links to
third-party websites. Any access to and use of such linked websites is not
governed by this Policy, but instead, is governed by the privacy policies of
those third-party websites. We are not responsible for the information
practices of such third-party websites.
User Generated Content
We may permit users to submit their own content
to our Site and Applications including, without limitation, pictures, reviews,
comments
and other text. We are not responsible for the
privacy of any information that you choose to submit through our Site,
Applications and Services, or through any public forum, such as a blog, or for
the accuracy of any information contained in those postings. Any information
that you disclose becomes public information. We cannot prevent such
information from being used in a manner that may violate this Policy, the law,
or your personal privacy.
Security of My Personal Information
We have implemented commercially reasonable
precautions designed to protect the information we collect from loss, misuse,
and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. Please be
aware that despite our best efforts, no data security measures can guarantee
100% security. You should take steps to protect against unauthorized access to
your password, phone, and computer by, among other things, signing off after
using a shared computer, choosing a robust password that nobody else knows or
can easily guess, and keeping your password private. We are not responsible for
any lost, stolen, or compromised passwords or for any activity on your account
via unauthorized password activity. To change your Facebook password, you must
go to the Facebook site and follow its procedures for changing your password.
Access to My Personal Information
You may modify personal information that you
have submitted by logging into your account and updating your profile
information. You also may deauthorize the GRAMPUS Facebook application from
your Facebook page. Please note that copies of information that you have
updated,
modified
or deleted may remain viewable in
cached and archived pages of the Site or Applications for a period of time. If
you would like to access or modify your Facebook profile
information,
or
adjust the types of information we receive from Facebook, you must
adjust your Facebook account settings directly through Facebook. We have no
control over how Facebook shares your information with us or other third
parties. The information you provide to Facebook is subject to the Facebook
Privacy Policy.
Third-Party Ad Networks
We may use third parties to assist us in
advertising our Site, Applications and Services, and we participate in
third-party ad networks that may display advertisements on other websites based
on your visits to our Site as well as other websites. This enables us and these
third parties to target advertisements by displaying ads for products and
services in which you might be interested. Third-party ad network providers,
advertisers, sponsors and/or traffic measurement services may use cookies,
JavaScript, web beacons (including clear GIFs), LSOs and other technologies to
measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content
to you. These third-party cookies and other technologies are governed by each
third party’s specific privacy policy, not this one. We may provide these
third-party advertisers with information about your usage of our Site and our
Services, as well as aggregate or non-personal information about visitors to
our Site and users of our Service.
Contact Us
If you have questions about the privacy aspects
of our Services or would like to make a complaint, please contact us at
privacy@grampus.co
GRAMPUS Inc.
10F.,
JustCo
Tower,
Teheran-
ro
431
Gangnam-
gu
, Seoul,
Korea 06159
Changes to this Policy
This Policy is current as of the Effective Date
set forth above. We may change this Policy from time to time, so please be sure
to check back periodically. We will post any changes to this Policy on our
Site. If we make any changes to this Policy that materially affect our
practices with regard to the personal information we have previously collected
from you, we will endeavor to provide you with notice in advance of such change
by highlighting the change on our Site.