Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy explains how your personal data is collected and processed by us when you use our mobile applications (the “App”).
The App is a free to play game (with optional in-game-purchases), and in order to maintain the high quality
        and a great game experience we process information from and about you in particular to improve the entire experience in the App and to support internal operations.
We update this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of 
    the policy and, depending on the specific changes, we will provide you with additional notice or require a renewed consent.
Collection of Information
For a better experience, while using our App, 
            we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. 
            The information that we request is sent to third-party services and is not stored by us.
Information collected automatically through the app (if you accept our privacy policy)
Log Information: We log information about your use of the App, including the type of device you use, the features you use, access times and your IP address.
Device Information: We request information about the device you use to access the App, including information about the device manufacture, device model, device’s OS, time zone of device, language of device.
Device identifiers: We request online identifiers of the device you use to access the App, including IDFA.
Usage Information: We request information relating to your use of the App, including your game progress, scores, achievements and interactions with other players.
Consumption information: We request information about your consumption habits relating to your use of the App, including which purchases
                you make with both virtual and real currencies and the reception of virtual goods in-game.
Game Center:
Read More
If you log into the App using a third party site or platform, you represent and warrant that (i) 
            your access and use of such features in connection with the App will comply with the applicable terms and policies of such site or platform; 
            and (ii) that you are over the minimum age limit that is prescribed for such third party 
            site or platform by the legislation in the individual jurisdictions.
USE OF INFORMATION FOR PERSONAL ADVERTISING
We use information about you for the following purposes in accordance with the legal bases for each type of personal data as described below:
Log-, device-, usage-, and consumption information and device identifiers are being processed:
to provide and maintain the App and the game experience;
to send you technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
Our processing for the above purposes is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are party in order to support the operation of the App, facilitate the delivery of requested products and services and enable maintenance and update of the App, see Article 6(1)(b) of the GDPR.
to provide news and information about the App that we think will be of interest to you;
to personalize and improve the App and provide tailored content and features;
to monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with the App;
Our processing for the above purposes is justified by our legitimate interests in providing advertisements and content of interest to you and improving our services in accordance with Article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR (also known as “the balancing-of-interest rule”).
to provide users that have given us consent to share their advertising IDs with our ad network partners (as further specified under “Sharing of Information”) for the purpose of serving them with personalized advertisement in the App (behavioral advertising).
Our processing for the above purpose is justified by our legitimate interests in providing advertisements and content of interest to you in accordance with Article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR. The disclosure of your advertising ID to third parties for the purposes of behavioral advertising is based on your consent in accordance with Article 6(1)(a) of the GDPR (see more below under Sharing of Information).
Information from other sources are being processed:
to provide and deliver the products and services you request and send you related information;
Our processing for the above purpose is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are party in order to facilitate the delivery of requested products and services, see Section 6(1)(b) of the GDPR.
to link or combine information we get from others to help understand your needs and provide you with better service;
to provide news and information about the App we think will be of interest to you;
Our processing for the above purposes is justified by our legitimate interests in providing content of interest to you and improving our services in accordance with Article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR (also known as “the balancing-of-interest rule”).
OPTING OUT OF PERSONALIZED ADVERTISING
Users who prefer not to receive personalized advertisements can often adjust their device settings:
For iOS devices, visit Settings > Privacy > Advertising and enable the “Limit Ad Tracking” option.
For Android devices, go to Settings > Google > Ads and enable the “Opt out of Ads Personalization” option.
To edit or view your personalized advertising settings provided by Google’s advertising services, please visit Google’s Ad Settings.
Please note that opting out of personalized advertising does not mean you will not receive any ads; instead, it means the ads you see may be less relevant to your interests.
DATA DELETION
No Account Requirement:
None of our apps require the user to set up an account or supply login credentials. Therefore, no data are held on remote servers that we have access to.
Local Data Storage:
Data used or generated by our games are always stored locally on the user’s device in a secure sandbox. Such data can be deleted by going into Android Settings (if using an Android device) -> Apps -> AppName -> Storage -> Clear data. If using an iOS device you can simply uninstall the app from your device.
SHARING OF INFORMATION
We disclose information about you to the following categories of recipients based on the legal bases under Sections 6(1)(b), 6(1)(c) and 6(1)(f) of the GDPR (see a description of the legal bases above):
Social networks, see more under “Social Sharing features”;
Other players in order to provide certain in-app features, such as leaderboards, if you log into the App using a third-party service;
Furthermore, if you have given your consent in accordance with Section 6(1)(a) of the GDPR, we share your Device identifiers to advertising network companies for the purpose of them serving behavioral advertisements to you within the App. We use or may use the following advertising network companies:
Google LLC
Unity Technologies
The recipients’ use of the disclosed information will not be covered by this Privacy Policy. If you have questions concerning the processing carried out by such third parties, you should review their privacy policy.
In connection with our processing, we use following data processors such as server hosting providers, technical service providers for supporting internal operations, user login services and analytics service providers:
Tenjin, Inc.
Firebase (Google LLC)
We reserve the right to change this Policy at any time.  If we decide to change this Policy, we will post those changes on this page and update the date at the top of the page. 
            The changes will be effective when posted. Please check this page on a regular basis so that you remain aware of what information we collect and how we use it.
Contact Us
If you have any questions, comments or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy, please feel free to
E-mail us
;