Privacy Policy
Effective: July 13, 2016.
Last updated: October 22, 2024
This Privacy Policy regulates the processing and use of personal and other data between FITNESS ONLINE MChJ (the
"Company"
), which owns the FitnessOnline application available on the Apple App Store and Google Play
(the "Application")
, and the User of this application (
"User"
).
By transmitting personal and other data to the Company through the Application, the User confirms their consent to use the data specified on the terms set forth in this Privacy Policy.
If the User does not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, they must stop using the Application.
Unconditional acceptance of this Privacy Policy is demonstrated by the User's commencement of use of the Application.
TERMS
Application
is an application available on the Apple App Store and Google Play called Fitness Online and available for download on the official website at
https://www.fitnessonline.app
.
All exclusive rights to the Application and its individual elements (including software, design) belong to the Company in full. The transfer of exclusive rights to the User is not subject to this Privacy Policy.
User
is the person using the Application.
Client
is the category of User who has a personal profile in the Application and uses the Application to communicate with other Users, exchange information, and maintain a log of their training with the opportunity to use the paid services provided by the Trainer.
Trainer
is the category of User who has a personal profile in the Application and uses the Application to communicate and exchange information with other Users with the possibility of providing paid services.
Paid service(s)
are services provided by Trainers on the basis of the
User Agreement.
Legislation
refers to the legislation of the Republic of Uzbekistan.
Personal data
is the personal data of the User, which the User provides about themselves during Registration or in the process of using the Application functionality.
Data
refers to other data about the User (not included in the concept of Personal data).
Registration
is the creation of a new User account in the Application by entering the information required for registration in the registration form or logging in using the available social networks.
Registration form
is a form located in the Application that the User must complete for the Registration in the Application.
HEALTH DATA COLLECTION
Health data is collected through the Fitness Online application, Google Health Connect, and Apple Health.
The data collected through the application may include health-related information such as physical activity, calories burned, weight, height, nutrition, heart rate, and steps.
USAGE OF HEALTH DATA
We collect health data to enhance the User's overall experience, offering personalized health insights and fitness recommendations designed to help Users achieve their health goals. These data points allow us to generate detailed health reports and recommendations tailored to the User’s activity patterns and health status, thus assisting in crafting the most effective exercise programs.
COLLECTION AND PROCESSING OF OTHER PERSONAL DATA
The Company collects and stores the Personal data necessary to provide the opportunity to use the paid services of the Trainer and for full interaction with other Users.
The Company will retain the Personal data for the length of time needed to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.
When the data retention period expires, the Company will delete or destroy it.
The User may request the deletion of their data by visiting
https://web.fitnessonline.app/
.
Personal data can be used for the following purposes:
rendering paid services to the Client;
identifying the User;
interacting with the User;
sending promotional materials, information, and inquiries to the User;
conducting research;
processing User payments;
monitoring the User’s operations in order to prevent fraud, unlawful rates, and money laundering.
The Company also processes the following data:
e-mail address;
surname, name and patronymic.
The User is prohibited from specifying in the Application personal data of third parties.
PROCEDURE FOR PROCESSING PERSONAL AND OTHER DATA
The Company undertakes to use Personal Data in accordance with the Law of the Republic of Uzbekistan "On Personal Data" No. ZRU-547 dated 02.07.2019 and the Company’s internal documents.
With respect to the Personal data and other User Data, their confidentiality is preserved, except when these data are publicly available.
The Company has the right to transfer Personal data and User Data without the User’s consent to the following entities:
State bodies, including the bodies of inquiry and investigation, and local self-government bodies, upon their reasoned request;
in other cases, expressly provided by the current legislation of the Republic of Uzbekistan.
The Company has the right to transfer Personal data and Data to third parties not specified in item 5.3 of this Privacy Policy, in the following cases:
the transfer takes place within the framework of the sale or other transfer of the business (in whole or in part), while the acquirer assumes all obligations to comply with the terms of this Policy;
the transfer is necessary within the User’s use of the Application or the provision of the Paid Services to the User;
The User has expressed their consent to such actions.
The Company performs automated processing of the Personal data and User Data.
MODIFICATION OF PERSONAL DATA
The User may at any time modify (update, supplement) Personal data by editing their profile in the Application, or by sending a written application to the Company.
The User has the right to delete Personal data at any time.
The User guarantees that all Personal data is current and does not apply to third parties.
PROTECTION OF PERSONAL DATA
The Company properly protects Personal data and Data in accordance with the Legislation and takes necessary and sufficient organizational and technical measures to protect Personal data.
The applied protection measures, among other things, allow for the protection of Personal data from unauthorized or accidental access, destruction, modification, blocking, copying, distribution, as well as from other illegal actions by third parties.
OTHER PROVISIONS
The law of the Republic of Uzbekistan is applicable to this Privacy Policy and the relationship between the User and the Company arising from its application.
All possible disputes arising from this Agreement shall be resolved in accordance with applicable law at the place of registration of the Company.
Before applying to the court, the User must comply with the mandatory pre-trial procedure and send the relevant claim in writing to the Company. The period for responding to a claim is 30 (thirty) working days.
If one or more provisions of the Privacy Policy are found to be invalid or unenforceable, this does not affect the validity or applicability of the remaining provisions of the Privacy Policy.
The Company has the right to change the Privacy Policy at any time (in whole or in part) unilaterally without prior consent of the User. All changes come into force from the moment of their publication on the website at
https://fitnessonline.app/
and in the Application.
The User undertakes to independently monitor the changes in the Privacy Policy by reviewing the current version.
CONTACT INFORMATION OF THE COMPANY
E-mail:
info@fitnessonline.app
Address: 1st Drive Okkurgon, 48-17, 100052, Tashkent, Uzbekistan