Skip to main content
Close Search
Privacy Policy
Information We Collect
We collect information, including personal data, when you use Vekt. We collect this information when you interact with Vekt. We also collect this information via certain software designed to interact with your computer or mobile device. We use this information to provide, maintain, and improve our Services, and to develop new or enhanced versions of the Services.
Information Collected Via Technology
IP Address, Location, Website Activity, and Browser Information.
When you visit our Site or use our Applications, some information is automatically collected. We collect information about the type and language of the operating system (“OS”) running on your device, your internet protocol address (“IP Address”), and the browser type you used during your visit. We also collect information about which web-elements or objects you interact with, metadata about your activity on the Site, changes in your user state, and the duration of your visit.
Data Collected from Mobile Devices
Mobile Application Services.
We may also collect information from your mobile device, including, but not limited to, the first time the Application is opened, the mobile carrier, the device identifier, the type of device that is being used, if you have downloaded our Applications, and your usage activity while using the Application. This information is generally used to help us deliver the most relevant information to you and improve our Services and analytics platform. Also, in the event our Applications crash on your mobile device, we will receive information about your mobile device model and OS version, which allows us to identify and fix bugs and otherwise improve the performance of our Applications. To ensure you receive proper notifications, we will need to collect certain information about the device you are using, such as the OS and user identification information. We use mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand the functionality of our Applications on your phone. This software may record information such as how often you use the Application, the events that occur within the Application, aggregated usage, performance data, and what app store you used to download the Application.
Apple HealthKit
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Vekt will not use or disclose to third parties user data gathered from the Apple, Inc. HealthKit framework or HealthKit API for advertising or other use-based data mining purposes other than improving Vekt or for the purpose of health research. If your data is used in connection with health research, it will be anonymized to protect your identity. In no event will any information be collected from HealthKit users for use by third parties in compliance with this section without obtaining user consent.
Blog
Blog page
Contact us
Press kit
Privacy Policy
Terms Page
Vekt home page
Blog
Download
Close Menu