Main content
Your Privacy Rights
Last updated January 1, 2024
We are ISeeChange, Inc. - formerly known as Kumari Media L.L.C. - creators of I SEE CHANGE available at
www.iseechange.com
and
www.thealmanac.org
(sometimes referred to below as “I SEE CHANGE,” "Company," “we,” “us,” or “our”). This is our Online Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy").
We created I SEE CHANGE to allow the citizens and scientists to share sightings and have conversations about environmental change. We respect the privacy of our users when they use our iseechange.org or thealmanac.org websites.
This Privacy Rights policy (our “Policy”) informs you of our policies and procedures for collecting, storing, using, processing and disclosing your personal information, and your rights in relation to that information. It is a part of our Terms and Conditions of Use (our “Terms”).
If you have any question or feedback on this Policy, please let us know by sending an email to the ISeeChange team:
support@iseechange.com
.
Changes to this Privacy Policy are discussed at the end of this document. Each time you use the Service, however, the current version of this Privacy Policy will apply. Each time you use the Service you should check the date of this Privacy Policy (which appears at the end of this document) and review any changes since the last time you used the site.
Children Under 13
The Service is not intended for children under 13. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are under 13, tell your parents or older relatives about the change you observe, and they can post it for you.
Definitions
The following terms shall have the meaning set forth.
Non-Personally-Identifying Information
is information that, without the aid of additional information, cannot be directly associated with a person.
Personally-Identifying Information
is information such as a name or email address that, without more, can be directly associated with a person.
Gathering, Use and Disclosure of Information
Users of the Service Generally
We may collect Personally-Identifying Information from you including, your name and email address. You provide us with this information when you create an account or otherwise interact with us. We may maintain a record of your account.
By registering with the Service, you consent to the use and disclosure of your Personally-Identifying Information as described in Policy.
We may use your Personally-Identifying Information in the following ways:
To communicate with you.
To send your information by about our services, and your account.
To create and administer your account.
Service Registration and Use
I SEE CHANGE collects a limited amount of Personally-Identifying Information from our users. You provide that information when you sign up for an account. That information includes your email address and name. We do not verify either. When you post to I SEE CHANGE, you may reveal your location. You are not required to, but this information is what I SEE CHANGE is all about. Non-Personally-Identifying Information We may gather Non-Personally-Identifying Information from you of the sort that Web browsers, depending on their settings, may provide. That information may include your Internet Protocol ("IP") address, operating system and browser type, the site you visit immediately prior to visiting our website, your location, etc. This information is collected automatically because of your use of the Services or through our Website. We do not monitor your activities of other applications on your device. We may identify your geographic location If you tell us, or rather tell the community.
We may analyze Non-Personally-Identifying Information gathered from you to help us better understand how I SEE CHANGE is being used, make a better Service, and to allow the information gathered from I SEE CHANGE users.
If you collect GPS info inside the App
When you use certain features of the Service, in particular our mobile application (“App”), we may receive, store and process different types of information about your location, including general information (e.g., IP address, zip code) and more specific information (e.g., GPS-based functionality on mobile devices used to access the Platform or specific features of the platform). If you use our App, and you do not want your device to provide us with location-tracking information, you can disable the GPS or other location-tracking functions on your device, if your device allows you to do this. See your device manufacturer's instructions for further details.
Geotagged Photos
If you upload a photo, your photo may contain embedded geolocation information, including the GPS coordinates (the latitude and longitude) of where the photo was taken. This provides us and our partners with useful scientific information information about climate change, and we may use it, and aggregate it with other users’ geolocation information. It may also reveal to others, or allow others to discover, where the photo was taken. If you do not want to share this information, you may turn of the geolocation tagging from your cameral, if your device allows it.
What is I SEE CHANGE’s practices regarding sharing and disclosure of Personally Identifiable Information?
We will share your Personally-Identifying Information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy policy.
We do not sell your personal information to third parties. We may provide your Personally-Identifying Information to partner organizations or companies that provide services to help us with our activities, or to whom we provide services.
By Law or to Protect Rights.
I SEE CHANGE discloses Personally-Identifying Information when required to do so by law, or in response to a subpoena or court order, or when Company believes in its sole discretion that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of ours, third parties or the public.
Business Transfers; Bankruptcy.
I SEE CHANGE reserves the right to transfer all Personally-Identifying Information in its possession to a successor organization if a merger occurs, acquisition, or bankruptcy or other sale of all or a portion of Company's assets. Other than to the extent ordered by a bankruptcy or other court, the use and disclosure of all transferred Personally-Identifying Information will be subject to this Privacy Policy, or to a new privacy policy if you are given notice of that new privacy policy and are given an opportunity to affirmatively opt-out. Personally-Identifying Information submitted or collected after a transfer, however, may be subject to a new privacy policy adopted by the successor organization.
If you send us a request (for example, by email, or through one of our feedback mechanisms), we take all reasonably necessary measures to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Collection and Use of Information by Third Parties
We contractually prohibit our contractors, affiliates, vendors and suppliers from disclosing Personally-Identifying Information received from us, other than under this Privacy Policy.
I SEE CHANGE may provide links to websites that I SEE CHANGE does not own or operate. This Privacy Policy does not apply to information provided to or gathered by third parties. Those sites too may collect Personally-Identifying Information. We do not control or have access to that Personally-Identifying Information, and the collection and use of your personal information by those other websites will be governed by the privacy policy applicable to that site. I SEE CHANGE is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of non-I SEE CHANGE websites, even if we link to them. Review the privacy policy of those sites before using them.
Updating Your Personal Information and Privacy Preferences
You may correct your personal information in your profile page. You can also write to us, the ISeeChange team at the following email:
support@iseechange.com
Please include your name, address, and/or e-mail address when you contact us.
Deleting your data
At any time, you can edit and delete your sightings through the “···” menu and your comments through the “Edit” button. You can anonymize your account on the Account Details page; if for any reason you need to fully delete your account and/or data from our database, please don't hesitate to reach out to us at
support@iseechange.com
.
Privacy Related Inquiries and Complaints
I SEE CHANGE takes its users’ privacy concerns seriously. If you believe that we have not complied with this Privacy Policy regarding your personal information or you have other related inquiries or concerns, you may write the I SEE CHANGE Privacy Officer at the email stated above.
In your letter, please describe the nature of your inquiry or how you believe that we have not complied with our Privacy Policy. We will promptly investigate your inquiry or complaint.
I SEE CHANGE is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of websites which we may link to. Review the privacy policy of those other websites before using them.
The Law Governing this Privacy Policy
This Site is controlled and operated by Kumari Media, LLC, from the United States, and is not intended to subject us to the laws or jurisdiction of any state, country or territory other than that of the United States. We do not represent or warrant this Site, or any part, is appropriate or available for any jurisdiction. Those who access this Site do so on their own initiative and at their own risk, and complying with all local laws, rules and regulations. We may limit this Site’s availability, in whole or in part, to any person, geographic area or jurisdiction we choose and in our sole discretion. This Site and Privacy Policy are governed by the laws of the State of Florida, USA, without regard to its choice of law or conflicts of law provisions.
California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits users of I SEE CHANGE who are California residents to request certain information regarding its disclosure of personally identifiable information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please write us: I SEE CHANGE Corp. Attn: ISeeChange Privacy Officer [2372 St.Claude Ave, Ste. 300- A, New Orleans LA 70117 or
support@iseechange.com
The Do Not Track Browser Setting
We support the Do Not Track browser setting. Do Not Track (or DNT) is a preference you can set in your browser to let the websites you visit know that you do not want them collecting certain information about you.
Privacy Policy Updates
We may update this privacy policy to reflect changes to our information practices. If we change how we use your personal information we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or with a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.