About Paddy Power
General Terms and Conditions
Additional Gaming Terms
Lotto Bets
Fantasy
Standard Promotional Terms
Paddy Power Live Video
Gaming End User Licence Agreement
Betting Rules
Privacy Policy
Privacy Statement
Cookie Policy
Trust Deed
Regulatory Information
Dispute Resolution
Security
Affiliate Scheme
Contact Us
Privacy and Data Protection at Paddy Power
At
Paddy Power
, we are committed to protecting your privacy and the security of your personal data. We believe in using your personal data to improve your experience when you use our websites, applications, online products or services (‘
Services
’), and we will always keep your personal data safe using the highest standards of security.We’ll be clear and open with you about why we collect your personal data and how we use it, and where you have choices or rights, we’ll explain them to you and respect your wishes. On this page you will find a summary of this information, while more detail is provided in our
full
versions of our privacy statement.
Reference to Paddy Power, ‘
us’
, ‘
our’
, or ‘
we’
means Power Leisure Bookmakers Limited as the main establishment data controlle entity. Paddy Power is part of the Flutter Entertainment plc group of companies, referred to as “Group” or “Flutter”.
You can contact our data protection officer and team at
dataprotection@paddypowerbetfair.com
Personal Data We Use
We gather and use different types of personal data that you provide to us, that is generated through your use of our Services or personal data that we have collected from other sources. This data includes your registration information, verification and know your customer documentation, your interactions with our customer operations teams, payment information, betting and transactional information, financial information, safer gambling information, device, tracking and other online information, profiling and analytical information, as well as information from other sources including public sources and trusted third parties.
You can find out more information
here
about:
data submitted by you
;
data from your use of
our Services
data from
other sources
How & Why We Use Your Personal Data
We only use your personal data where necessary and where it is lawful to do so. Our use of your personal data is needed to deliver the Services to you, to meet our legal or regulatory obligations, to meet or protect yours, ours, the wider public’s or other third parties’ interests, and sometimes for other reasons only where we have your explicit consent to do so.
Here
we explain how and why we need to use your personal data,providing you with information on our different uses of your personal data and the legal basis we rely upon for those uses, and information on how we share your data with other parties, including:
Site and app performance, localisation and analysis
Registering and verifying your account
Processing your payments
Delivering the Services
Contacting customer operations
Marketing and research
Fraud prevention
Safer gambling
Anti-Money Laundering and Counter Terrorist Financing
Integrity
Other purposes related to our legal and regulatory obligations and our legitimate business interests.
There is also some other important information you need to be aware of in relation to how we use your personal data, including information on
how we share your personal data with the Flutter Group
,
international transfers of your personal data
,
how we keep your personal data secure
and
how long we need to keep your personal data for
. See
here
for more details.
Your Rights
You have a number of rights when it comes to your personal data, including your right(s):
To access your data
To rectify your data
To ‘be forgotten’ by erasing your data
To restrict our use of your data
To port your data
To object to our use of your data
Relating to automated decisions
To complain to a regulator
At Paddy Power, we make it easy for your to exercise your rights. We offer a number of tools in your MyAccount and Cookies Management Centre (located at the bottom of the Paddy Power site you visit) to manage your data and preferences, and also make it easy for you to contact us if you wish to exercise any of your rights. To find out more about your rights or how to exercise them, click
HERE
or click on any of the above rights for more information.
Published on 04/16/2018
We value your privacy
If you 'Allow All Cookies' you are agreeing to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, assist with our marketing efforts, and analysis of product usage.
See our Cookie Policy
Manage Cookies
Allow necessary only
Allow all cookies
Privacy Preference Centre
You should know that when you access our content, product and services, we may collect information from your 
devices through the use of 'cookies'.
Cookies Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Statement
What are cookies?
In a nutshell, cookies are text files containing a small amount of information that are downloaded to your device when you visit a website. Your browser makes cookies available each time you visit our websites.
Allow all cookies
Manage your Permission Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are strictly necessary to enable you to navigate our websites and to use the features
you have requested during the course of your gaming experience. 
They are used to provide content to you, to provide products and services that you have requested
and to provide a secure experience. You can set your browser or device platform to block or alert 
you about these cookies, but some parts of the product will not then work.
Cookies Details‎
Functionality Cookies
These cookies are used to recognise you when you return to our websites and allow us to 
remember the choices you make and to enable us to provide improved features. They also 
enhance the functionality of our websites by storing your preferences. Functional cookies record 
information about choices you've made and allow us to provide more personal features.
Cookies Details‎
Performance Cookies
These cookies are used to collect information on website usage. Such cookies are used to provide 
statistics on visitors to our websites. These statistics are used for internal purposes to help us to 
test and improve the performance of our websites, providing a better user experience.
Cookies Details‎
Third Party Marketing / Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our website by us or by our third party partners. They may be 
used by us or by our third party partners to store information about your preferences and to show 
you relevant adverts on our website or our third party partner’s websites, to personalise our 
website, to tailor our marketing communications to you and to measure and improve our 
performance. These cookies may not contain any information that personally identifies you, but 
other personal data that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and 
obtained from the cookies. You can choose to disable these cookies, but you will experience 
content and adverts that are less relevant to you.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-section Policy: 