SmartLife Privacy Policy
Updated: December 9th, 2024
Volcano Technology Limited and its Affiliates (as hereinafter defined) (“we”, “us”, “our”, or “Volcano”) are committed to protecting your privacy. This SmartLife Privacy Policy (this “Policy”) describes our practices in connection with information privacy on Personal Data (as hereinafter defined) we process through your use of our products and services (collectively, the “Services”), for instance the SmartLife Mobile Application (the “App”) and the SmartLife MiniProgram.
Before you start using the Services, please carefully read this Policy which details our purposes for collecting and processing your Personal Data, as well as how we use, store, share and transfer your Personal Data. In this Policy you will also find ways to exercise your rights of access, update, delete or protect your Personal Data.
If you are a customer located in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or the United Kingdom (“UK”), the following corporate affiliate of Volcano may also process your personal data, including for purpose of provision of our products, services and support:
Tuya GmbH, in its role as the Data Controller, with its registered address at: Peter-Müller-Straße 16/16a, 40468 Düsseldorf, Germany.
If you have any question regarding this Policy, please do not hesitate to contact us via:
Customer Service Department: 1-844-672-5646 or
dpo@volcano-smart.com
Privacy Office:
dpo@volcano-smart.com
You are not obliged to provide to us your Personal Data (as defined below). However, we may be unable to provide you with certain products and/or Services if you decline to provide such data.
If you are a children under the age of 16 (or such other age provided by applicable law in your country/region of residence), please read this agreement and the "
SmartLife Children's Privacy Statement
" with your legal guardian or parent and make sure that you and your guardian or parent have clear understanding about our privacy protection practices.
Definitions
In this Policy:
Affiliate
means any company, firm or legal entity that: (1) is directly or indirectly controlled by Volcano; or (2) directly or indirectly controls Volcano; or (3) jointly with Volcano, controls the same company; or (4) is, directly or indirectly, under common control of the same company with Volcano. Affiliates shall include, without limitation, Volcano’s parent companies, subsidiaries, and such subsidiaries under common control of the same parent company as Volcano.
Personal Data
means information generated, collected, recorded and/or stored, electronically or otherwise, that can be used to identify an individual or reflect the activity of an individual, either from that information alone, or from that information and other information we have access to about that individual.
Personal Sensitive Data
includes personal biometric information, communication records and contents, health information, transaction information, and precise location information, etc. according to various data protection laws and regulations. When we collect Personal Sensitive Data from you, we will generate an explicit notification for your consent before we collection personal sensitive data about you.
Smart Devices
refers to those computing devices produced or manufactured by hardware manufacturers, with human-machine interface and the ability to transmit data that connect wirelessly to a network, including: smart home appliances, smart wearable devices, smart air cleaning devices, etc.
1. What Personal Data Do We Collect?
In order to provide the Services to you, we will ask you to provide necessary Personal Data that is required to provide those Services. Please note that such Personal Data are necessary for carrying out relevant Services that you may require and you are obliged to provide such Personal Data in order to use our Services. If you do not provide your Personal Data, we may not be able to provide you with the Services.
1)
Information You Voluntarily Provide to Us
In Login mode:
Registered Account Data
: When you register an account with us, we may collect your account name and contact details, such as your
email address, phone number, user name, and login credentials
. During your interaction with the Services, we may further collect your nickname, country code, language preference or time zone information into your account.
Feedback: When using feedback and suggestion features in the Services, we will collect your
email address, mobile phone number and your feedback
content(Added image or video) to address your problems and solve device failures on a timely basis.
If you authorize login to the Services with a third-party account, we will obtain from such third party your
account information (such as portrait, nickname
, region etc.) which may be bound with your Tuya account for quick login. We will ensure compliance with applicable data protection laws and regulations, as well as agreements, policies or documentations agreed with such third party regarding sharing personal information, in processing your Personal Data.
In Try as guest mode:
Non-registered Account Data
: If you do not want to provide your account data when you start to use any of the Services, you may use the App without logging in or creating an account, namely the “Try Now” mode, and you may still use certain Services, such as searching and browsing any features on the App by creating a guest ID. When you are using the "Try Now" mode, we will not collect Personal Data related to your account; the data being collected is exclusive to the time of entering the App, operating system of your mobile phone, etc. Collection and use of the Personal Data collected here will be limited for the purposes you have authorized in using the additional functions of the App and/or the Smart Devices. For instance, if you enable the location setting in the "Try as guest" mode, the location data will be uploaded for supporting the function. Once you exit from the "Try Now" mode, we will remove your data instantly and permanently.
However, if the Services you request or purchase are based on your account, please go to the registration/login page for guidance.
At the same time, based on different application products and services, Tuya will collect corresponding and necessary personal information in order to provide you with products and services.
Information based on additional functions:
In order to offer you with more convenient and higher-quality Services with optimized user experiences, we may collect and use certain information if you consent to use of additional functions in the App. Please note, if you do not provide such information, you may continue to use basic Services of the App and connected Smart Devices, but certain features based on these additional functions may not be available. These additional functions may include:
Additional functions based on location information:
When you enable the location-based functions through permission settings on your mobile device, we will collect and process your location information to enable these functions, such as pairing with your Smart Devices. Also, we may collect information about your: a)
real-time and precise location
, for instance when you choose to use the automation scenarios for controlling your Smart Devices, or b) non-precise geo-location when you use certain Smart Devices or the Services, such as robot cleaner and weather service.
Based on your consent, when you enable the geo-fence feature, your location information will be generated and shared with Google Maps services. Please note that Google has corresponding data protection measures, which you may refer to Google’s Data Processing and Security Terms for more details. You may disable the collection and use of your location information by managing the device level settings, upon which we will cease to collect and use your location information.
You may opt out of the use of your location information ("My - Setting - Privacy Right Setting - Switch on/off Location Information").
Additional services based on camera:
You may use the camera to scan the code by turning on the camera permission to pair with a Smart Device, take video, etc. Please be aware that even if you have agreed to enable the camera permission, we will only obtain information when you actively use the camera for scanning codes, video recording, etc.
You may opt-out the using of camera permission: "My - Setting - Privacy Right Setting - Switch on/off Camera".
Additional services for accessing and uploading pictures/videos based on photo albums (picture library/video library):
You can use this function to upload your pictures/videos after turning on the album permissions, so as to provide proof for reporting equipment usage problems and upload pictures/videos on some special equipment panels. When you use the photos and other functions, we will not recognize this information; but when you report a device usage problem, we may use the photos/pictures you upload to locate your problem.
You may opt-out the using of photo album permission: "My - Setting - Privacy Right Setting - Switch on/off Photo Album".
Additional services related to microphone-based service:
After turning on the microphone permission, you can use the microphone to implement voice functions, including shooting videos, waking up voice/AI assistants, and some special panels (such as video doorbell calls). In these functions, we will collect your voice information to identify you. Instruction needs or provide you with corresponding services. Please know that even if you have agreed to turn on the microphone permission, we will only obtain voice information through the microphone when you actively click the microphone icon in the App or record a video.
You may opt-out the using of microphone permission: "My - Setting - Privacy Right Setting - Switch on/off Microphone".
Additional services based on storage permission (Android):
We apply for this permission from you to ensure the stable operation of the client. After you enable us to read/write your device storage, we will read or write pictures, files, videos and other necessary information from your device storage space to provide you with information release or in The function of recording crash log information locally.
You may opt-out the using of storage permission: "My - Setting - Privacy Right Setting - Switch on/off Storage".
Additional services based on Notification permission:
The reason why we ask you for the permission is to send you notifications about using the products and services, especially if you have purchased security services and you require an alert or message so that you can capture the real-time status.
You may opt-out the using of App notifications: "My - Message Center - Setting - Switch on/off Notifications".
Additional services based on Alert Window permission：
You may choose to bind a camera in the App and require the App to display the real-time image of the camera in a separate window.
You may opt-out the using of alert window information: "My - Setting - Privacy Right Setting - Switch on/off Alert Window".
Additional services based on Bluetooth permission:
You can enable Bluetooth functions after turning on the permission, including controlling the Smart Devices, acquiring device status, and device network configuration. In these functions, we will communicate with terminal devices via Bluetooth. Please be aware that even if you have agreed to enable the Bluetooth permission, we will only use Bluetooth for communication in these scenarios: display device status on the home page and device panel; perform device control on the home page and device panel; we will use it on the home page and the add device page, for discovering the devices via distribution network.
You may opt-out the using of Bluetooth via "My - Settings - Privacy Setting - Disable/Enable Bluetooth permission".
Additional services based on HomeKit permission (iOS):
You can enable related functions after enabling HomeKit permissions, including discovering Smart Devices, enabling Smart Device network configuration, controlling Smart Devices, and checking device status. Among these functions, we will process data with the "Home“ App that comes with the iOS system through HomeKit. Please be aware that even if you have agreed to enable the HomeKit permission, we will only use it in these scenarios: on the home page, to discover HomeKit devices, HomeKit device network configuration; in "Settings - HomeKit" for discovering HomeKit devices, HomeKit device network configuration.
You may opt-out the using of HomeKit permission via "My - Settings - Privacy Settings-Turn off/on HomeKit permission".
Additional services based on HealthKit (iOS):
You can proactively enable related functions after enabling HealthKit permission, including statistics on weight, height, running, and swimming. In these functions, we will exchange data with the health-related functionalities that comes with the iOS system through HealthKit. Please be aware that even if you have agreed to enable HealthKit permission, we will only use them in these scenarios: when you use the health-related Smart Device, such as body fat scales, bracelets, watch and consent to use the HealthKit, the data reported by the Smart Device will be transferred to HealthKit.
You may opt-out the using of HealthKit permission via "My - Settings - Privacy Settings - Turn off/on HealthKit permission".
Please note
that if you turn on any permission, you authorize us to collect and use relevant personal information to provide you with corresponding Services. Once you turn off any permission, we will take it as a cancellation of the authorization, and we will no longer continue to collect Personal Data based on the corresponding permissions, and the related functions may be terminated. However, your decision to turn off the permission will not affect previous collection and use of information based on your authorization.
2) Information We Collect Automatically
Mobile Device Information
: When you interact with our Services, in order to provide and maintain the common operation of our Services, improve and optimize our Service, and protect your account security as well, we automatically collect mobile device information, such as mobile device model number, IP address, wireless connection information, the type and version of the operating system, application version number, push notification identifier, log files, and mobile network information. Meanwhile, we will collect your software version number. In order to ensure the security of the operating environment or to provide services, we will collect information about the installed mobile applications and other software you use.
Service log information
: When you use our application, in order to provide you with a better user experience and improve and optimize our services, system and exception logs will be uploaded for analysis, including your IP address, usage habits, The version of the operating system, the date or time of access, and usage information allow us to accurately identify problems and help you solve problems when using the service.
Please note
that one cannot identify a specific individual by using device information or log information alone. However, as these types of information, combined with other information, may be used to identify a specific individual, such information will be treated as Personal Data. Unless we have obtained your consent or unless otherwise provided by data protection laws and regulations, we will aggregate or pseudonymize such information. Additionally, please refer to section titled “Data Retention” of this Policy for data retention periods of such Personal Data..
3) Smart Devices Related Information:
When you use a Smart Device, we will collect some basic and pre-embedded information of the Smart Device and the information generated during your use of the Smart Device.
Basic Information of Smart Devices
: When you connect your Smart Devices with the Services, we may collect basic information about your Smart Devices such as device name, device ID, online status, activation time, firmware version, and upgrade information.
Information collected during the process of connecting smart devices
: When using Tuya APP and services, in order to facilitate device identification/activation/control, perform data statistics and analysis, and ensure the safety and quality of network access and service operations, we will use the products according to your use When performing specific operations, we will receive and record information related to the device you are using based on the type of smart device you need to connect to. We will collect the following information:
Wi-Fi information (SSID, BSSID, Wi-Fi Mac address, Wi-Fi password), device Mac address, device ID, device IP, device Bluetooth Mac address.
Information Reported by Smart Devices
: Depending on the different Smart Devices you elect to connect with the Services, we may collect different information reported by your Smart Devices. The following information reported by the Smart Device only applies when you use them:
When you voluntarily use a smart camera (IPC service) and connect to the Tuya platform: When you connect a doorbell camera, a door lock, or a smart surveillance camera through Tuya service to monitor the security of your residence, during the process, the device may capture the images if it recognizes someone or an object is moving around, and then provide you a playback of related surveillance content. At this time, we will automatically encrypt the captured image and save it locally on the device. When you actively choose and successfully purchase cloud storage service, the smart camera will upload the pictures or video files you have taken to the cloud for further storage so that you can review them in the App. We will keep your information based on the cloud storage service you purchase. When you choose to delete the picture in advance in the Tuya App, you can delete it in the message center and if you need to delete a video on the App, the cloud will delete immediately the video files you stored in the cloud service.
Please note that when you choose to turn off the motion detection function, the smart camera will not actively record the captured images, which will affect your original intention of using the smart camera.
For example: when you voluntarily use a certain health-related smart device and connect to the Tuya platform
: If you choose one or more smart devices, the corresponding information will be recorded:
Smart body fat scale or fitness tracker: height, weight, body fat mass (BFM), body mass index (BMI) and skeletal muscle mass (SMM), body fat rate, muscle mass, body fat index, obesity level, ideal Weight, weight control, visceral fat index, net weight, body water, bone mass, protein rate, BMR, metabolic age, body score, body shape, subcutaneous fat rate, subcutaneous fat mass, heart rate;
Bracelets and similar smart devices: heart rate, steps, calories, mileage, heart rate, sleep records, training records, body temperature, blood oxygen, systolic blood pressure, diastolic blood pressure, and pressure.
Smart fitness equipment represented by smart skipping ropes: start time, jumping mode, number of rope skipping, exercise duration, calories burned, maximum number of jumps to maintain, number of rope skipping, average speed, maximum speed, and heart rate during exercise.
In particular, when you actively agree and enable the sharing function connected with a third-party health platform
, such as Apple Health, Google Fit, and Fitbit, we will share your health information with the third party only for the purpose of being relevant to you. Measure and analyze health status. At the same time, we will not upload your personal information. Your information will be uploaded locally from your device to the third-party cloud platform.
The purpose of sharing information is to measure and analyze health indicators related to you. Otherwise, we will not disclose such health information to any other third party or use health-related information for other purposes not defined in this policy. You can disconnect the authorized connection between the Tuya App and the third-party health platform at any time by managing your health settings in the health management center on your mobile device. When we add new third-party sharing channels, we will never share your information if you do not use that channel.
2. Purposes and Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data
The purpose for which we may process information about you are as follows:
Provide You with Services
: We process your account data, mobile device information, usage data, location information, and Smart Device related information to provide you with the Services and Services that you have requested. The legal basis for this processing is to perform our contract with you according to our
User Agreement
.
Safety of Our Services
: We process your mobile device information, usage data, location information and Smart Device related information to ensure the authentication, integrity, security, and safety of accounts, activity, and products and Services, to develop and upgrade the Services, to study in-depth the efficiency of our operations and to prevent and trace fraudulent or inappropriate usage. The legal basis for this processing is  as necessary for our (or others’) legitimate interests.
Non-marketing Communication
: We process your Personal Data to send you important information regarding the Services, changes to our terms, conditions, and policies and/or other administrative information. At the same time, we will also send you notifications related to the services you have purchased, such as alert services. You can check the “App Notification” in the App ("Me > Message Center > Setting > Notification Setting”) to manage these communications. When you decide not to enable the Notifications function, we will no longer process your information for such purpose. The legal basis for this processing is to perform our contract with you according to our
User Agreement
.
Data Analysis
: In order to analyze the usage of the products we provide and improve your user experience, we may analyze the data you provide us; specifically: a) we need to check your problems when you encounter any malfunctions during the usage of the product, under such circumstance, you may not be able to opt-out because it is highly relate to functionalities and quality of our products and services, and b) analyze data about how you interface with the product or under particular scenarios so that you can better enjoy the convenience brought by our Services. Your consent is required prior to processing under such circumstance; if you do not agree to data analysis of your data, you can enter the privacy settings of the App (“My > Settings > Privacy Settings > Data Analysis”) to opt-out your selection. The legal basis for such processing is based on your consent.
Marketing Communication and Personalization
: We may process your account data, usage data, device information to personalize product design and to provide you with services tailored for you, such as recommending and displaying information and advertisements regarding products suited to you, and to invite you to participate in surveys relating to your use of the Services. The legal basis for this processing is your consent. You may give consent to such processing by proactively electing to turn on the Personalization option in the App, and we will not process your Personal Data for such purpose unless your consent has been given to us. If you do not wish for us to continue to process your Personal Data for personalization, you may opt out when you enter the App, or by changing your preferences in “Privacy Settings” (“Me> Settings > Privacy Settings > Personalization”) in the App. The legal basis for this processing is your consent.
Please note:
as of the date of latest update of this Policy, we do not use automated decision-making in our Services to process your Personal Data.
Legal Compliance
. We disclose information if we are legally required to do so, or if we have a good faith belief that such use is reasonably necessary to:
a) comply with a legal obligation, process or request;
b) enforce our
User Agreement
and other agreements, policies, and standards, including investigation of any potential violation thereof;
c) protect the rights, property or safety of us, our users, a third party or the public as required or permitted by law; or
d) detect, prevent or otherwise address security, fraud or technical issues.
If there is any change in the purposes for processing your Personal Data, we will inform such change to you with a prominent notice on our website of such changes of purposes, and choices you may have regarding your Personal Data.
3. Who do We Share Personal Data with?
At Volcano, we only share Personal Data in ways that we tell you about. Without your consent, we will not disclose your Personal Data to third-party companies, organizations, or individuals except in the following cases:
To our third-party service providers who perform certain business-related functions for us, such as website hosting, data analysis, payment and credit card processing, infrastructure provision, IT services, customer support service, e-mail delivery services, and other similar services to enable them to provide services to us.
To our customers and other business partners who provide you, directly or indirectly, with your Smart Devices, and/or networks and systems through which you access and use our websites and Services.
To subsidiaries or affiliates within our corporate family for purpose of regular business activities based on our instructions and in compliance with applicable law, this Privacy Policy and other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
To an affiliate or other third party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock (including without limitation in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings). In such an event, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our website of any change in ownership, and choices you may have regarding your Personal Data.
As we believe in good faith that access to, or use, preservation, or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary or appropriate to:
(a)Comply with applicable law, regulation, legal process, or lawful governmental request;
(b)Enforce our Terms of Use and other agreements, policies, and standards, including investigation of any potential violation thereof;
(c) Protect our operation and business sustems;
(d)Protect the rights, property or safety of us, our users, a third party or the public as required or permitted by law;
(e)Perform risk management, screening and checks for unlawful, fraudulent, deceptive or malicious activities.
Except for the third parties mentioned above, we only disclose your Personal Data to other third parties with your consent.
Please note that we will not collect your personal information through third parties except when necessary to complete functions.
When you use services provided by third parties, we will make sure that sharing of your Personal Data with such third parties are based on their obtaining your authorization and/or consent, or otherwise in conformity with applicable laws and regulations. We will also make our efforts to manage sharing of any information with these third parties in order to preserve the security of your relevant personal information. For details on such third parties information sharing, please see "
List of Third-party Personal Data Sharing
". We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any third party with which you interact.
In addition, to ensure operations of the App or to enable certain independent functions, we may embed third-party SDKs in the App. Please note: the types of Personal Data that these third-party SDKs may process are subject to change at any time due to upgrade, updates or policy changes, and you should rely on relevant latest information on the official websites or otherwise made available by such third parties. For details of these SDKs, please see "
List of Third-party SDK Services
".
Data Transfer
Volcaoperates globally, and Personal Data may be transferred, stored and processed outside of the country or region where it was initially collected. Also, the applicable laws in the countries and regions where we operate may differ from the laws applicable to your country of residence. Under the Personal Data protection framework and in order to facilitate our operation, we may transfer, store and process your Personal Data in jurisdictions other than where you live. For details on recipients of such transferred Personal Data, please also refer to "
List of third-party information sharing
".
We protect Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy Policy wherever it is processed and take appropriate contractual or other steps to protect it under applicable laws.
The European Commission has determined that certain countries outside of the European Economic Area (EEA), the UK or Switzerland can provide adequate protection of Personal Data. Where Personal Data of users in the EEA, Switzerland, or the UK is being transferred to a recipient located in a country outside the EEA, Switzerland, or the UK which has not been recognized as having an adequate level of data protection, we ensure that the transfer is governed by the European Commission’s standard contractual clauses. You can review the agreement on the basis of approved EU standard contractual clauses per GDPR Art. 46. For more information, see
here
.
If you would like further details on the safeguards we have in place under the data transfer, such as a copy of the Standard Contractual Clauses concluded between us and our affiliate recipient that Personal Data may be transferred to, you can contact us directly as described in this Privacy Policy.
Data Subject Rights
We respect your rights and control over your Personal Data. You may exercise any of the following rights:
Via the “Me > Settings > Account and Security” or via “Me > FAQ&Feedback” in the Services;
By emailing us at
dpo@volcano-smart.com
;
Exercise your rights through the data subject rights response page on the official website(
https://www.tuya.com/rule/data-subject-rights
);
If you downloaded our APP from Google Play, you can exercise your right to deletion through the online link on Google Play;
Response Fee&Timeframe
: You do not have to pay any fee for executing your personal rights. Subject to applicable data protection laws in relevant jurisdictions, your request of privacy rights will be fulfilled within 15 business days, or within 30 calendar days due to different response requirement.
If you decide to email us, in your request, please make clear what information you would like to have changed, whether you would like to have your Personal Data deleted from our database or otherwise let us know what limitations you would like to put on our use of your Personal Data.
Please note
that we may ask you to verify your identity before taking further action on your request, for security purposes.
You may exercise any of the following rights:
Right of Access
: Request access to the Personal Data that we process about you via "Me - Setting - Privacy Policy Management - Export Personal Information";
Right of Rectification
: Request us to correct inaccurate or incomplete Personal Data about you:
Modify your account number (email address or phone number) via "Me - Setting - Account and Security - Change your Account";
Modify the nickname and/or time zone via "Me - Personal Information";
Right of Deletion
: Request to delete of Personal Data about you via "Me - Setting - Account and Security - Delete Account", when you confirm the deletion of your account, your Personal Data will be deleted accordingly.
Right of Restriction of Processing Personal Data
: Request to restrict, temporarily or permanently, on our processing of some or all Personal Data about you via "Me-FAQ & Feedback", or send over the email request to
dpo@volcano-smart.com
;
Right of Data Portability
: Request to have Personal Data provided to you so that you can provide or “port” them to another provider. You may request a copy of your personal data in electronic format and the right to transmit that personal data for use in another party’s service by sending the request via email to
dpo@volcano-smart.com
.
Request transfer of Personal Data to you or a third party where we process the data based on your consent or a contract with you, and where our processing is automated
: Please send over your request through "My-FAQ & Feedback", or send over the email request to
dpo@volcano-smart.com
;
Withdrawal of Consent：
You have the right to withdraw or object to our use and processing of your Personal Data, where such use and processing is based on your consent or our legitimate interests. Please kindly check the following instructions detailed in the section below for details:
For privacy permissions acquired through device system settings, your consent can be withdrawn by changing device permissions, including location, camera, photo album (picture library/video library), microphone, Bluetooth settings, notification settings and other related functions;
You may opt-out the non-marketing communication through “Me > Message Center > Notification Settings” or “Me > Settings > Privacy Settings > Notification" to manage your selection;
You may opt-out the data analysis features through “Me > Settings > Privacy Settings”;
You may opt-out the Personalization feature through “Me > Settings > Privacy Settings > Personalization”;
Unbind the Smart Device through the App, and the information related to the Smart Device will not be collected;
By using product with the "Try Now" mode, and not enable certain location setting for particular smart scene, we will not collect any Personal Data about you;
If you previously agreed to associate SmartLife account with a third-party service, such as a health platform, please unbind it on the third-party platform.
When you withdraw your consent we may not be able to continue to provide you with certain products or services correspondingly. However, your withdrawal of your consent will not affect the processing of personal information based on your consent before the withdrawal.
Deletion of the Account
: You can find the Delete function through “Me > Settings > Account and Security > Delete Account” (Deactivate Account).
If you have more questions please do not hesitate to contact
dpo@volcano-smart.com
to elaborate your privacy rights.
Security Measures
We use commercially reasonable physical, administrative, and technical safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of your Personal Data. Tuya provides various security strategies to effectively ensure data security of user and device.
As for device access, Tuya proprietary algorithms are employed to ensure data isolation, access authentication, applying for authorization.
As for data communication, communication using security algorithms and transmission encryption protocols and commercial level information encryption transmission based on dynamic keys are supported.
As for data processing, strict data filtering and validation and complete data audit are applied. As for data storage, all confidential information of users will be safely encrypted for storage. If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for example, if you feel that the security of any account you might have with us has been compromised), you could immediately notify us of the problem by emailing
dpo@volcano-smart.com
.
As for data storage, all confidential information of users will be securely encrypted for storage.
In addition to the above-mentioned technical security guarantees, Tuya has also formulated a series of security guarantees at the institutional and management control levels, including assigning positions and responsibilities, holding security and privacy protection training courses, strengthening employee data protection awareness, controlling access rights and other measures. To prevent data loss, illegal use, unauthorized access or leakage, tampering or damage.If you believe for any reason that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for example, if you believe the security of your Tuya account has been compromised), please inform us immediately by sending an email to
dpo@volcano-smart.com
as described below.If a security incident occurs that affects the security of your personal information, we will notify you as soon as possible through your reserved email address, phone number, message center push, etc., and inform you of suggestions and other information to reduce or prevent related risks. . When necessary, we will take corresponding remedial measures in a timely manner in accordance with the internal security incident emergency plan, and report to the relevant competent authorities in accordance with regulations.We have obtained Enterprise Privacy Certification (EPC). For more information about EPC, please
click here
) to view.
Data Retention
We process your Personal Data for the minimum period necessary for the purposes set out in this Policy, unless there is a specific legal requirement for us to keep the data for a longer retention period. We determine the appropriate retention period based on the amount, nature, and sensitivity of your Personal Data, and after the retention period ends, we will destroy your Personal Data.
In detail, the following factors are considered when determining our retention periods of Personal Data:
The period of time during which an ongoing relationship with you is retained and Smart Devices and/or our Services are provided to you (also see the
User Agreement
). For instance, your Personal Data is retained for as long as your account with us remains valid or you keep using the Smart Devices and/or our Services;
Whether we have a legal obligation to keep your Personal Data; or
Whether retention is advisable in light of our legal position (such as in regard to the enforcement of our agreements, the resolution of disputes, and applicable statutes of limitations, litigation, or regulatory investigation).
If the legal basis is your consent, we will delete your data immediately after you withdraw your consent.
If the legal basis is our legitimate interest, we will delete your data as quickly as possible if there are no overriding legitimate grounds for processing, but in any case in the event of direct advertising. Personal Data will no longer be retained when you request to remove your Personal Data or withdraw your consent, and we will accordingly complete the task.
When we are unable to do so for technical reasons, we will ensure that appropriate measures are put in place to prevent any further such use of your Personal Data.
Dispute Resolution
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third-party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
.
Children’s Privacy
Protecting the privacy of young children is especially important to us. The Services are not directed to individuals under the age of thirteen (13) (or such other age provided by applicable law in your country/region of residence), and we request that these individuals do not provide any Personal Data to us. We do not knowingly collect Personal Data from any child unless we first obtain permission from that child’s parent or legal guardian. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from any child without permission from that child’s parent or legal guardian, we will take steps to remove that information.
Your California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits users of the Software that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of Personal Data to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please contact us in accordance with the "Contact Us" section below. We do not disclose Personal Data to third parties for their direct marketing purposes without your consent. Visit our Statement on
California Privacy Notice
page for more information.
Changes to this Policy
We may update this Policy to reflect changes to our information practices, at least on an annual basis. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (send to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice in the mobile applications prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about our practices or this Policy, please contact us as follows:
Volcano Technology Limited
Postal Mailing Address: Suite 603, 6/F Laws Commercial Plaza, 788 Cheung Sha Wan Road, Kowloon, Hong Kong
Email:
dpo@volcano-smart.com
.
For European Union or United Kingdom data subjects, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority concerning our data processing activities. For questions, or to exercise your rights as an EU or UK data subject, please contact our EU/UK Representative here:
Name: Rickert Rechtsanwaltsgesellschaft mbH
Email:
art-27-rep-hangzhoutuya@rickert.law
Emailing Address: Colmantstraße 15, 53225 Bonn, Germany
You may contact our Data Protection Officer, Mr. Will Yu, by sending an email to
dpo@volcano-smart.com
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://developerapp.tuyaeu.com/protocol/14afa18866c00009?lang=en:
SmartLife Children's Privacy Statement
Updated: August 6, 2024
Volcano Technology Limited and its affiliates (collectively, "we", "us", "our", or "Volcano") are committed to protecting the privacy of children (i.e., minors under 13 years of age or such other age provided by applicable law in your country/region of residence) who use our products and services. This Children's Privacy Statement (including subsequent updates, collectively, this "Statement") and
SmartLife Privacy Policy
are
intended to explain to children's parents or other guardians ("guardians" or "you") how we collect and use children's personal information in connection with our products and services, the rules applicable to processing such personal information, and the ways in which guardians may access, correct, delete, and protect such personal information.
If you are a customer located in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or the United Kingdom (“UK”), the following corporate affiliate of Volcano may also process the personal data of children, including for purpose of provision of our products, services and support:
Tuya GmbH, in its role as the Data Controller, with its registered address at: Peter-Müller-Straße 16/16a, 40468 Düsseldorf, Germany.
Special Instructions for a Guardian:
We protect the personal information and privacy of children in accordance with this Statement. You are expected to help us protect the personal information and privacy of children under your custody, to require them to read and accept this Statement together with you, and to ensure that they use our products and services with your consent and guidance. Please note that if you choose to agree to this Statement, or your children begin, or continue, to use our products or services, or submit their personal information, you acknowledge that you agree to our collection, use, storage, sharing, transfer, and disclosure of your children's personal information in accordance with this Statement.
Special Instructions for Children:
We recommend that any child use our products or services with the prior consent of his/her guardian. If you are a child, please be sure to carefully read this Statement with your guardian, and use our products or services or provide information to us with your guardian's consent.
We hereby remind you that you shall carefully read and fully understand this Statement and
SmartLife Privacy Policy
(especially the terms in bold) before choosing whether to agree to the terms and whether to agree to your children's use of our products or services.If you do not agree to any of the terms of the
SmartLife Privacy Policy
and/or the content of this Statement, or to provide relevant necessary information in the use of a specific feature or scenario of our products and services, please understandthat you and your child may not be able to normally use our products or services or the specific feature or scenario.If there is any inconsistency between this Statement and the
SmartLife Privacy Policy
in terms of the protection of children's privacy, this Stabtement shall apply. Matters not covered herein shall be subject to the SmartLife Privacy Policy.
This Statement applies to (1) our products or services that require a user to enter birth date, age, or any other information that can identify the user’s age, and (2) specific smart devices and their features and scenarios designed and developed for children that are controlled by our software (including mobile applications and applets/mini-programs). The products and services that we provide may include products or services provided by third parties, and you may log in and use such third-party products and services through our software or products (e.g., App).
Such third parties may collect, use, or process information related to children.We recommend that you ask your children to seek your consent before authorizing a third party to collect or process any of their personal information.
If you have any questions about any term of this Statement, or you and your children have any requests related to personal information during the use of our products or services, please contact us through the special channels available to you, which are shown in the "Contact Us" section below. We will handle and respond to your questions or requests as soon as possible upon receipt thereof.
I. What Information Do We Collect?
We will, in strict accordance with the obligations and responsibilities for the protection of children's personal information prescribed by applicable laws and regulations, as well as the provisions of relevant privacy policies and this Statement, and based on the specific needs of relevant products and services, collect and use children's personal information after obtaining the consent of their guardians.
When providing certain child-oriented products or services to you and your children, we may require the user to fill in their birth date information for the purpose of providing such products or services to you so as to identify whether the user is a child and, in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, allow the child to use relevant products or services after obtaining the consent of his/her guardian.
When you and your children use a specific smart device controlled by our software, we may collect and use your children's personal information necessary for certain features or scenarios, including information on
years/months of age
,
movement
, and
geographic location
. Specific types and scope of information involved will depend on the features and intelligent scenarios of the smart device(s) used.
When a child uses our products or services, we may collect other relevant information from the child. Please refer to the "What Personal Information Do We Collect" section of the
SmartLife Privacy Policy
to learn more about other personal information we may collect.
If we need to collect personal information about you or your children beyond the above-mentioned scope of collection, we will notify you again and obtain your consent.
Please understand that you may choose whether to fill in or provide us with certain information of your children, but if you do not fill in or provide certain information, it may cause our products or services to fail to function properly or to achieve the desired service effect, and you and your children may not be able to normally use our products or services or related specific business functions.
II. How Do We Use the Information?
We will, in strict accordance with laws and regulations and the agreements concluded with users, use the information collected from you and your children for the following purposes:
a) To provide necessary products or services or the specific functions thereof; and
b) To optimize products or services, provide security assurance, or conduct service survey.
If we need to use personal information about you or your children beyond the above-mentioned purposes, we will notify you again and obtain your consent.
III. Sharing, Transfer, and Disclosure of Children's Personal Information
We strictly restrict the sharing, transfer, and disclosure of the personal information of children in accordance with laws and regulations. In general, we do not share children's personal information with any third party. We may share with third parties the personal information of a child only after obtaining the prior consent of their guardian.
a) Sharing with Guardians
We will share certain children's personal information (such as the children's user names, account numbers, and passwords, and transaction information for some of our products and services) with their guardians so that the guardians may access and manage relevant personal information.
b) Sharing with Third Parties
For the purpose of external processing only, we may share a child's personal information with third-party partners, including service providers, contractors, agents, and application developers (e.g., communications service providers that send emails or push notifications on our behalf, and map service providers that provide us with location services) (they may not be located in your jurisdiction) and have them process such information for us in accordance with our statements and privacy policies and relevant confidentiality and security policies.
If we entrust a third party with processing of children's personal information, we will conduct security assessment on the third party and the entrustment, and sign an entrustment agreement to require the third party to process such personal information within the scope of our authorization. The children's personal information is used by such third party mainly for the following purposes:
i. To provide our services to the children;
ii. To achieve the purposes as set forth in the "How Do We Use the Information" section hereof;
iii. To fulfill our obligations under the
SmartLife
Privacy Policy
and this Statement and exercise our rights thereunder; and
iv. To understand, maintain, and improve our services.
If we share your and your child's information with the above-mentioned third parties, we will conduct security assessment and adopt encryption, anonymization, de-identification, and other measures to protect the security of your and your children's information.
With the continuous development of our business, we may engage in a merger, acquisition, asset transfer, or other transaction that results in the sharing of your and your children's personal information with a third party, in which case we will inform you by push notification, announcement, or other means, and continue to protect or require the new manager to continue to protect your and your children's personal information in accordance with applicable laws and regulations and the security standards no less stringent than those required in this Statement.
We may anonymize the collected information of children for the purpose of big data analysis, for example, generating a report for the services that you use.
c) Other Disclosures
In general, we prohibit the disclosure of children’s personal information, but we may disclose children's personal information for the following purposes:
i. To comply with applicable laws and regulations, legal proceedings, or requests from public institutions and government authorities;
ii. To perform our terms of use and other agreements, policies, or standards, including investigating any potential violations;
iii. To protect the rights, privacy, security, or property of us and/or other users, including you; and
iv. To seek available detection, prevention, or remedial measures, limit potential damages payable by us, or resolve security, fraud, or technical issues.
IV. Storage of Children's Personal Information
We will take encryption and other technical measures to store children's personal information to ensure information security. We will store children's personal information only for a period necessary to fulfill the purposes for which we collect and use such information. For more information about how we store and protect children's personal information, please refer to the "Storage Location and Period of Information" and "Information Security" sections of the
SmartLife Privacy Policy
.
If our products or services cease operating, or the storage period of your and your children's personal information expires as required by this Statement or the
SmartLife Privacy Policy
, we will notify you and your children by means such as push notification, announcement, and email, and delete or anonymize your and your children's personal information within a reasonable period of time.
V. Management of Children's Personal Information
To make it easier for you and your children to access, correct, or delete relevant personal information while using our products or services, we provide you with the corresponding operation settings in the product design, and you also may provide your feedback or inquiries through the contact information we provide. We will contact you in a timely manner upon verifying your feedback. Please understand that during the verification process, we may require you to provide the children's personal information such as account number, birth date, and contact information, so that we can continue to respond to your needs after completing authentication and verifying the issues.
a) Accessing Children's Personal Information
You and your children may view the personal information provided or generated by the child user in the use of our products or services, including but not limited to user name, nickname, gender (if applicable), and voluntarily posted contents.
b) Correcting Children's Personal Information
When you and your children find errors in the children's personal information that we collect, use, and process, you may correct such personal information by choosing Me > Personal Information > Nickname/Time Zone, or by contacting us. We will take measures in a timely manner to correct the errors after completing the authentication and verification.
c) Deleting Children's Personal Information
You and your children may request us to delete the children's personal information that we collect, use, and process, and we will take measures in a timely manner to delete such personal information after completing the authentication and verification if:
i. we collect, store, use, transfer, or disclose the child's personal information in violation of applicable laws and regulations or relevant agreement with you;
ii. we collect, store, use, transfer, or disclose the children's personal information beyond the intended scope or necessary period;
iii. you withdraw your consent; or
iv. you or your children terminates the use of our products or services by cancelling the user account.
For your request, we will perform authentication and verification, and take measures in a timely manner to delete relevant personal information after completing the authentication and verification. However, please note that if you and your child require us to delete the specific personal information of the child, it may cause the child user to be unable to continue to use our products and services or certain specific business functions thereof. If you find that any personal information of your children has been collected without your prior consent, please contact us immediately, and we will endeavor to delete relevant information as soon as possible.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about our practices or this Statement, please contact us in the following ways:
Volcano Technology Limited
Postal Mailing Address: Suite 603, 6/F Laws Commercial Plaza, 788 Cheung Sha Wan Road, Kowloon, Hong Kong
Email:
dpo@volcano-smart.com
.
For EEA or UK data subjects, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority concerning our data processing activities. For questions, or to exercise your rights as an EEA or UK data subject, please contact our EEA/UK Representative below:
Name: Rickert Rechtsanwaltsgesellschaft mbH
Email:
art-27-rep-hangzhoutuya@rickert.law
Emailing Address: Colmantstraße 15, 53225 Bonn, Germany
You can contact our Data Protection Officer, Mr. Will Yu, by sending an email to
dpo@volcano-smart.com
Sub-policy 1
https://developerapp.tuyaus.com/protocol/157b389a2b801048?lang=en:
California Privacy Notice
Last modified:
July15, 2022
This California Privacy Notice (this “Notice”) applies only to California residents and supplements Tuya Privacy Policy. This Notice explains how we may collect, use, andshare your Personal Data in connection with your use of our Services, and how you can exercise your rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act (the “CCPA”)..
Exercise of Your CCPA Rights
The CCPA recognizes a variety of privacy rights for Californian consumers. According to the CCPA, we as a business is required to provide channels for the consumers to exercise their rights, including the rights, via a verifiable request, to
(i) disclose and access the Personal Data that we collect, use, disclose, and “sell”; and
(ii) delete the consumer’s Personal Data
Right to Know
Why We Process Your Personal Data?
Under the CCPA, you have the right to request that we disclose to you your personal Data that we collect, use, or disclose. You may also request  information about our data practice. Each category of Personal Data that may be used by us or shared with ceritain third parties for business purposes is categorically outlined below by category.
What Are the Purposes of Processing Your Personal Data?
Provision of our Services to you;
Improvement of our Services;
Non-marketing communications;
Data analysis based on your consent;
Marketing communications and personalization based on your consent;
Compliance with applicable law.
We may collect your Personal Data through the App and your smart devices.
What Types of Personal Data We Collect about You?
Personal data we collect about you may include the following categories:
Account registration data
: account name and contact details, such as your email address, phone number, user name, and login credentials. During your use of our Services, we may also collect your nickname, country code, language preference or time zone information as related to your account.
(Optional) If you authorize login to your account with a third-party account, we will obtain from such third party certain account information (such as avatar, nickname, region etc.) which may be bound with your Tuya account for quick login.
(Optional) Non-registered Account Data.
Feedbac
k: When you provide feedback and suggestion regarding our Services, we will collect your email address, mobile phone number, and
other Personal Data that may be provided in
your feedback contents, so as to
contact you regarding the feedback
.
Mobile Device Information
: we automatically collect mobile device information, such as model number, IP address, wireless connection information, the type and version of the operating system, App version number, push notification identifier, log files, and mobile network information. Meanwhile, we will collect your software version number. In order to ensure the security of the operating environment or to provide Services, we will also collect information about your installed mobile applications and other software you use.
Usage Data
: When you use our websites and/or Services, we automatically collect usage data relating to visits, clicks, downloads, messages sent/received, and other usage of our websites and Services.
Log Information
: When you use the App, in order to improve your user experience, the system and exception log may be uploaded, including your IP address, language preference setting, operating system version, date or time of access, so that we can facilitate and accurately identify problems and help you solve them in timely manner.
Smart device related information
:
Basic Information of Smart Devices
: When you use Smart Devices in combination with the Services, we may collect basic information about your Smart Devices such as device name, device ID, online status, activation time, firmware version, and upgrade information.
Information collected during the process of connecting to a Smart Device
: Based on the type of Smart Devices you use in combination with the Services, we may collect the following relevant information:
Smart Devices connected via Wi-Fi: Wi-Fi information (SSID, Wi-Fi password), device MAC address;
After establishing a local connection via Bluetooth, Smart Devices connected via Wi-Fi: Wi-Fi information (SSID, Wi-Fi password), device MAC address;
Smart Devices connected via Bluetooth: device MAC address;
Smart Devices connected via Zig-bee: device MAC address.
Information Reported by Smart Devices
: Depending on the different Smart Devices you use in combination with the Services, we may collect different information reported by your Smart Devices
The personal data we may share with the following parties:
At Tuya, we only share Personal Data in ways that we tell you about. Without your consent, we will not disclose your Personal Data to any third-party, except in the following cases:
To our third-party service providers that perform certain functions related to our Services, such as website hosting, data analysis, payment and credit card processing, infrastructure provision, IT services, customer support service, e-mail delivery services, and other similar services, in order to enable them to provide these services to us.
To our customers and other business partners that provide you, directly or indirectly, with your Smart Devices, and/or networks and systems through which you access and use our websites and Services.
To subsidiaries or affiliates within our corporate group for purpose of regular business activities based on our instructions and in compliance with applicable law, this Policy and other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
To an affiliate or a third-party successor or assignee, · in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock (including without limitation in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings). In such an event, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our website of such change of control, and choices you may have regarding your Personal Data..
Other scenarios where as
we believe in good faith that access to, or use, preservation, or disclosure of your Personal Data is reasonably necessary or appropriate
.
Right to Access
You may submit your request to access your Personal Data that we process by visiting: "My-Setting-Privacy Settings-Personal Data Export";
Right to Request Deletion
You may submit your request to delete your Personal Data by visiting: "My-Setting-Account and Security-Delete Account". Whenyou confirm the deletion of your account, your Personal Data will be deleted accordingly.
Right to Opt-out of the Sale of Personal Data
The CCPA allows you to opt-out the sale of your Personal Data. To opt-out of these “sales”, please follow the
Statement on Do Not Sell Your Personal Data
and confirm your decision.
Exercising Your Rights through Authorized Agents
Per the CCPA, consumers may exercise their rights through an authorized agent. Therefore,
we have prepared the following guidelines for authorized agents acting on behalf of consumers regarding exercise of consumer’s rights under the CCPA.
If you have a Tuya account
Authorized agents acting on behalf of consumers with a Tuya account can exercise their rights through Tuya account. Please kindly note the following rights will be handled respectively:
1. Right to know: You can check the categories of personal information being collected, processed, shared or used are recorded in this Notice.
2. Right to access and right to be forgotten: You may access to or delete consumer’s personal information through submitting the request in the
Help Center
with technical support.
It is important to note that a valid login is required to access or delete personal information associated with a Tuya account. This safeguard is in place to protect the security of consumer data. Once the request is submitted by the authorized agent, the request will be handled automatically.
If you do not have a Tuya account
If the consumer does not have a Tuya account or would like to export or delete personal information not linked to a Tuya account, the following instructions may allow you to excise your right:
1. Right to know: You can check the categories of personal information being collected, processed, shared or used are recorded in this Notice.
2. Right to access and right to be forgotten: Your personal information will be deleted right after you clean your cookies upon the visiting pages. Or, you can make a request directly to
privacy@tuya.com
. As this request is for data outside of a logged-in Tuya account, we require at least two identification elements, such as a verified email or phone number, for verification purposes prior to processing the request.
Contact us
If you have any questions about our practices or this Policy, please contact us as follows:
Tuya Global, Inc.
Address: 3979 Freedom Circle, Suite 340, Santa Clara, CA 95054, USA
Email:
privacy@tuya.com
.