Effective Date: September 20th, 2018
We, Cheritz co., ltd., greatly value and love you and other users of
our content. To ensure that you can enjoy our content
wholeheartedly, we rigorously work on being as transparent as
possible with how we protect and handle your personal information
you have entrusted us with.
We strongly believe that it is important for you to know exactly
what information we collect from you, how we use it, and the choices
you can make on this matter. We also wish to not intimidate and
alienate you with overcomplicated legal jargon and run-on sentences
that go on and on and on and on. That’s where this privacy policy
comes in. We tried our best to write this policy in the most
coherent and easy to understand way possible. You are always welcome
to contact us at
support@cheritz.com
or our Data Protection Officer at
mpark@cheritz.com
if you have any questions about our privacy policy.
What information do we collect?
We limit the collection of your personal information to what is
necessary for us to provide you with our content.
When you create an account to play our game, we collect:
Your email address that is used to log into our Services.
The password you have set up.
As you play our game, we automatically collect:
Your game progress and the number of in-game items you
        possess.
The device identifier of the device you are using to access
        our Services.
IP Address
The version of the game you are playing.
Time zone setting on the device you are using to access our
        games.
We collect purchase records from the platform (such as Google Play
or App Store) you are running our game on to verify purchase of
in-game items.
We collect records of abusive and exploitative use of service and
retain it for one (1) year to prevent the further exploitative use
of service.
What information do we access on your mobile device and why?
To provide you with our service, it is necessary for us to have
permission to access certain features on your mobile device. We
assure you that we do not collect or store this information on our
servers. Depending on the operating system of your mobile device, we
have access to the following:
Android OS
The internet connection and network status
This information is checked when the game needs to connect
                to the internet
The storage device
When you save or load the game from your designated
                storage device, the game will access the storage device to
                save or load the data.
Photos
When you want to use your own photo or image in your
                storage device as the profile picture, the game will access
                the storage device to retrieve that image.
Account information
If you choose to receive push notifications from the game,
                the game needs to check which account to send the push
                notification.
Mobile device ID
This information is checked to verify the mobile device to
                prevent service abuse such as hacking.
iOS
Photos
When you want to use your own photo or image in your
                storage device as the profile picture, the game will access
                the storage device to retrieve that image.
How do we use your personal information?
We use your personal information to provide our Service to you. We
only use the collected personal information where we have a legal
basis for doing so. We use the collected information in the games
to:
Allow you to create accounts that you can save your in-game
        progress and the in-game items you have purchased.
Allow you to set up a password for your account so you can
        prevent someone else from accessing your account.
Verify the purchase of in-game items. We receive the
        transaction record from the platform (such as Google Play or App
        Store) you have made the purchase. The transaction record
        includes the receipt number, the number of in-game items you
        have purchased. We do not collect your credit card information.
Deliver the in-game items you have purchased or obtained
        through other methods (such as redeeming coupon codes issued by
        us, or from our events).
Detect and ban accounts that exploit the game for reasons such
        as obtaining in-game items that normally requires purchasing for
        free.
We also utilize your information outside of the game to:
Provide player support
Respond to comments and inquiries through customer service.
Who can see your information?
Other than us, these parties may view your information:
Our partners
We may share your information with the third-party service
            providers that process your information to provide services
            such as hosting, customer service, analytics, fraud
            prevention. We ensure that these partners process your
            information according to our guidelines.
Law enforcement authorities
Upon the lawful request of law enforcement authorities such
            as the police or courts, we may provide your personal
            information to keep our service safe for the users.
How do we store your information?
We use the third-party data hosting service provider in the United
States to store the information we have collected. We are constantly
developing and implementing new security measures to protect your
personal information from unauthorized access, loss, identity theft,
or alteration. Please note that while we put our utmost effort into
protecting your personal information, no security measure is
completely safe from intrusion by others and we cannot guarantee
that your personal information is completely safe from intrusion.
In principle, we discard your personal information immediately when
you delete your account or after the purpose of the collection is
fulfilled. However, because we are a company based in South Korea,
the relevant laws in South Korea requires us to retain certain
information for a certain period. The retained information shall be
only used for the purposes stated in the relevant laws.
Record of consent and/or withdrawal of consent
Legal basis: Article 6 of [Act on the Consumer Protection in
            Electronic Commerce, ETC.], Article 6 of [Enforcement Decree
            of the Act on the Consumer Protection in Electronic Commerce,
            ETC.]
Period: Five (5) years
Record of transaction or provision of goods
Legal basis: Article 6 of [Act on the Consumer Protection in
            Electronic Commerce, ETC.], Article 6 of [Enforcement Decree
            of the Act on the Consumer Protection in Electronic Commerce,
            ETC.]
Period: Five (5) years
Record of customer complaints or dispute resolution
Legal basis: [Act on the Consumer Protection in Electronic
            Commerce, ETC.]
Period: Three (3) years
Records of access
Legal basis: Section 15.2 of [Protection of Communication
            Secrets Act], Article 41 of [Enforcement Decree of the
            Protection of Communication Secrets Act]
Period: Three (3) months
How do we transfer your information internationally?
Because we are a game company in South Korea that serves a global
user base and stores personal information in the United States, your
personal information we have collected is transferred
internationally. We understand that many countries have different
laws and regulations on data protection. To ensure that we securely
transfer information internationally, we make use of the standard
contractual clauses approved by the European Commission. We make
sure that our third-party data hosting service provider in the
United States incorporates the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield
Framework to safeguard the transfer of information we collect from
the Europe Economic Area and Switzerland.
What options do you have about the information you provide us?
We believe it is important for you to fully understand the rights
and options you have when it comes to the data you provide us. You
have the rights and option to:
Modify the email address your account is linked to. You can
        change the email address that you use to save in-game progress
        and the in-game items you have purchased.
Change passwords. You can change the password to your account.
Opt-out of direct marketing. You can opt-out of receiving
        advertisement push from us in the game settings.
Delete your account. You can delete your account and withdraw
        from the consent. When you delete your account, we immediately
        delete your personal information we store except for the
        information that the laws and regulations prevent us from
        deleting for a certain period.
Request for a copy of your personal information we have.
Object the way we use your data.
File a complaint to a regulator. If you are based in the EEA
        and have complaints about the way we process your personal
        information, you have a right to contact and lodge a complaint
        with the Data Protection Commission in Ireland or your local
        data protection authority. If you are based in other regions,
        please contact the data protection authority relevant in the
        country you are based in.
What is our policy on children?
Children under the age of 14 are not allowed to use our service
without the consent from their parent or legal guardian. We do not
knowingly collect, store, or process the personal information of
children under the age of 14. You may only use our service if you
are over the age at which you can consent to data processing under
the laws of the country you are based in. If you become aware that a
child under the age of 14 has provided us with their personal
information, please contact us.
What happens when we change the privacy policy?
We may change our privacy policy from time to time. We’ll update
this page if there is any change in our privacy policy. If there is
a significant change in the policy, we may provide a more prominent
notification such as a pop-up on the front page of the official
website, post on our social media, or on the title screen of the
game. Please understand that using the service after the privacy
policy has been updated means that you have agreed to the change in
policy. We ask you to stop playing our game immediately if you
disagree with the changes made in the privacy policy.