Privacy Policy
VICEROY SOFTWARE, INC. (the "Company") is committed to safeguarding any
                    personal information that may be collected through our site or mobile
                    application and to ensuring that you are fully informed as to how your
                    personal information will be used. The following policy describes such
                    collection and usage. Any undefined capitalized terms used within this
                    Privacy Policy will have the same meaning as they do in the VICEROY
                    SOFTWARE, INC. Stacked End User License Agreement. By accepting this
                    Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use, or by using the Stacked Application
                    (hereafter “Application”), You expressly consent to our collection, use,
                    and disclosure of Your personal information in the manner described in this
                    Privacy Policy.
1. Information We Collect
We collect personal information that can identify You such as: Your name,
                    email address, social media account names, authentication information,
                    inventory of installed applications on Your device, phonebook or contact
                    data, microphone and camera sensor data, sensitive device data, and other
                    information that you link with our Application.
We also collect other information that does not identify You. When You
                    provide personal information through our Application, the information will
                    be sent to servers located in the United States and other countries around
                    the world.
By downloading the Application you acknowledge and agree that once you
                    delete items from your device (including images, audio, documents, videos,
                    text messages, applications etc.) following your download of the
                    Application, we may save such items and certain information regarding those
                    items (such as log files and statistical information). The saved items and
                    information may be saved via the Application either on your mobile device
                    or on servers of the Company or of third parties.
2. Use of Your Information
We use information in the files and databases we maintain about You, and
                    the other information we obtain from Your current and past activities on
                    the Application to:
Contact you from time to time with critical user or service updates or
                    other information important to support the Application;
Contact you to ask for your satisfaction rate, inform you of technical
                    issues, or offer you upgrades, promotions and additional products (our
                    products or third parties products) that you may be interested in;
Receive feedback and comments from you about our Application and inquire
                    about any features you would like to see in future versions;
Deliver the services and products that You have requested, including
                    storing information and files you provided by you to us for storage for the
                    purpose of the Application;
Manage Your account and provide You with customer support;
Enforce our terms and conditions;
Manage our business;
Perform functions as otherwise described to You at the time of
                        collection;
Customize, measure and improve our services, content and advertising;
Evaluate your use, preferences and trends for our own internal
                    statistical and analytical purposes which we may use for marketing purposes
                    and in respect of operations and product development;
Prevent activity we determine to be potentially illegal;
Enforce this Privacy Policy and/or the EULA or any other purpose
                        referenced herein or therein.
3. Accessing, Reviewing and Changing Your Profile
You may submit information with us through a registration process when
                    purchasing a premium subscription or activating the Application. Following
                    registration, You can review and change the information You submitted
                    during registration. For example, if You change Your name or email address
                    we will retain a record of Your old name and email address.
Upon Your notification, we will remove Your membership from our active
                    databases as soon as reasonably possible in accordance with our policy and
                    applicable law.
We will retain in our files information You have requested be removed from
                    our active databases for certain purposes, such as to resolve disputes,
                    troubleshoot problems and enforce our terms and conditions. Further, such
                    prior information may never be completely removed from our databases due to
                    technical and legal constraints, including stored backup systems.
4. Disclosure of Your Information
Due to the regulatory environment in which we operate, we cannot ensure
                    that all of Your private communications and other personally identifiable
                    information will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this
                    Privacy Policy. By way of example (without limiting any of the foregoing),
                    we may be required to disclose information to the government, law
                    enforcement agencies, or other third parties. Under certain circumstances,
                    third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private
                    communications, or members may abuse or misuse Your information that they
                    collect from our Applications. Accordingly, although we use industry
                    standard practices to protect Your privacy, we do not promise, and You
                    should not expect, that Your personally identifiable information or private
                    communications will always remain private.
We will not use your personal information for any purposes, other than
                    those outlined in this Privacy Policy and/or in the EULA, unless we have
                    your consent. We will not share your personal information with any other
                    third parties without your permission, unless: (a) we are required to do so
                    by law or when necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a
                    court order or legal process served on the Company. In all cases, such
                    information will only be disclosed in accordance with applicable laws and
                    regulations, and/or (b) in the event of a sale, merger, liquidation,
                    dissolution, reorganization or acquisition of the Company so long as the
                    party acquiring the information agrees to be bound by the terms of this
                    Privacy Policy. In addition and notwithstanding the foregoing, we may
                    provide aggregate statistics about users, information regarding the use of
                    the Application, information for hash encryption purposes and other
                    information to third parties that will not include any personally
                    identifiable information.
TO THE EXTENT THAT OUR APPLICATION HAS ACCESS TO THE NON-PUBLIC PHONEBOOK
                    OR CONTACT INFORMATION ON YOUR DEVICE, WE WILL NOT PUBLISH OR DISCLOSE YOUR
                    NON-PUBLIC PHONEBOOK OR CONTACT INFORMATION.
NOTWITHSTANDING, YOU EXPLICITLY CONSENT TO THE FOLLOWING USE BY US AND
                    DISCLOSURE BY US OF YOUR INFORMATION:
· OBTAINING AND TRACKING YOUR INVENTORY OF INSTALLED APPLICATIONS TO PERMIT
                    OUR APPLICATION TO PROPERLY FUNCTION.
· OBTAINING AND TRACKING YOUR USAGE AND NONIDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION OF YOU
                    PERTAINING TO THE APPLICATION FOR THE PURPOSES OF TRACKING ANALYTICS OF THE
                    USAGE OF OUR APPLICATION, INCLUDING SHARING INFORMATION WITH ANALYTIC
                    SOFTWARE EXTENSIONS PROVIDED BY THIRD PARTIES
· OBTAIN NONIDENTIFIABLE DATA ABOUT YOU, COMPIL
E THAT
                    DATA WITH THE NONIDENTIFIABLE DATA OF OTHER USERS, AND DISCLOSE THAT
                    INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES
5. Legal Requests
We cooperate with law enforcement agencies and other third parties to
                    enforce laws, as well as investigate and prosecute unlawful activities such
                    as frauds and scams. We can (and You authorize us to) disclose any
                    information about You to law enforcement and other government officials as
                    we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate, in connection
                    with any investigation of fraud, scam or other activity that is illegal.
6. Cookies
1. A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user's computer for
                    record keeping purposes. Cookies can take the form of session cookies or
                    persistent cookies. A session cookie expires when You close Your
                    Application and is used to make it easier for You to use the Application. A
                    persistent cookie remains on Your hard drive for specified period of time.
2. Through the use of a cookie, we also may automatically collect
                    information about Your your use of the Application. When You sign in to
                    Your account on our Application, we will record Your member ID in the
                    cookie file on Your computer. We also may record Your encrypted password in
                    this cookie file, if You indicated that You would like Your password saved
                    for automatic sign-in.
3. You may delete or decline cookies by changing Your settings. If You do
                    so, some of the features and services of our Application may not function
                    properly.
7. Information Others Collect
In order to improve the Company Application, We utilize analytics software
                    (“Software”) to collect information about your use of the Application. This
                    Software collects Users’ information such as loading frequency and
                    Application usage. The Software identifies a user solely by IP address, and
                    does not identify a user by name or other personally identifiable
                    information. We do not combine the information collected with other
                    personally identifiable information.
8. Security
To safeguard the confidentiality of Your personally identifiable
                    information, Company utilizes sophisticated security techniques and
                    procedures, including: security and vulnerability scans, software audits,
                    firewalls, and data encryption (Secure Socket Layers). Company treats data
                    as an asset. We make every effort to protect that data against loss and
                    unauthorized access. We employ many different security techniques to
                    protect such data from unauthorized access by others.
9. Note about Children
Children are not eligible to use our services, and we ask that persons
                    under the age of 13 do not submit any personal information to us.
10. Modifications to Privacy Policy
The Privacy Policy is subject to change by Us at any time based on changes
                    in the law or our need to accurately reflect our data collection and
                    disclosure practices or for the purpose of providing greater protection for
                    your information. Information collected by us will be dealt with in
                    accordance with the provisions of our policy which were in effect at the
                    time of collection. Changes are effective upon posting on the Company
                    website, disseminating through the Application, or upon the download of any
                    software updates of the Application.
11. Request to Delete Your Information
We will promptly respond to all data deletion requests sent to the following
                    email address: help@getstackedapp.com
12. Contacting Us
Any questions in respect of this policy should be sent to the following
                    email address: help@getstackedapp.com
Last Updated: November 10, 2024.