Approve
Reject
View details
Request a review
Learn more
Signature pending
Sign
Reject
View details
Review
Not spam
Remove forever
Not spam
Page
/
7
Loading…
{"id": "1lY1J1xldDm3EhjrempMw5Gq6K2baBBMB", "title": "Privacy_Policy_SlideShowStoryMaker.pdf", "mimeType": "application\/pdf"}
Page 1 of 7
Privacy Policy of
This Application collects some Personal Data from its Users.
Policy summary
Personal Data collected for the following purposes and using the following services:

Access to third party services' accounts
Access to the Facebook account
Permissions: Contact email
Advertising
AppLovin and AdMob
Personal Data: Cookies and Usage data
Contacting the User
Contact form and Mailing List or Newsletter
Personal Data: date of birth, email address, first name, gender and last name
Interaction with external social networks and platforms
Twitter Tweet button and social widgets
Personal Data: Cookies and Usage data
Managing contacts and sending messages
MailChimp
Personal Data: email address
Contact information

Data owner
Full policy
Types of Data collected
Among the types of Personal Data that this Application collects, by itself or through third parties,
there are: email address, first name, last name, gender, date of birth, Cookies and Usage data.
Slide Show Story Maker
App Flight LLP
App Flight LLP
Page 2 of 7
Other Personal Data collected may be described in other sections of this privacy policy or by dedicated
explanation text contextually with the Data collection.
The Personal Data may be freely provided by the User, or collected automatically when using this
Application.
Any use of Cookies - or of other tracking tools - by this Application or by the owners of third party
services used by this Application, unless stated otherwise, serves to identify Users and remember their
preferences, for the sole purpose of providing the service required by the User.
Failure to provide certain Personal Data may make it impossible for this Application to provide its
services.
Users are responsible for any Personal Data of third parties obtained, published or shared through this
Application and confirm that they have the third party's consent to provide the Data to the Owner.
Mode and place of processing the Data
Methods of processing
The Data Controller processes the Data of Users in a proper manner and shall take appropriate security
measures to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, or unauthorized destruction of the
Data.
The Data processing is carried out using computers and/or IT enabled tools, following organizational
procedures and modes strictly related to the purposes indicated. In addition to the Data Controller, in
some cases, the Data may be accessible to certain types of persons in charge, involved with the operation
of the site (administration, sales, marketing, legal, system administration) or external parties (such as third
party technical service providers, mail carriers, hosting providers, IT companies, communications
agencies) appointed, if necessary, as Data Processors by the Owner. The updated list of these parties may
be requested from the Data Controller at any time.
Place
The Data is processed at the Data Controller's operating offices and in any other places where the parties
involved with the processing are located. For further information, please contact the Data Controller.
Retention time
The Data is kept for the time necessary to provide the service requested by the User, or stated by the
purposes outlined in this document, and the User can always request that the Data Controller suspend or
remove the data.
The use of the collected Data
The Data concerning the User is collected to allow the Owner to provide its services, as well as for the
following purposes: Managing contacts and sending messages, Contacting the User, Access to third party
services' accounts, Advertising and Interaction with external social networks and platforms.
The Personal Data used for each purpose is outlined in the specific sections of this document.
Facebook permissions asked by this Application
This Application may ask for some Facebook permissions allowing it to perform actions with the User's
Facebook account and to retrieve information, including Personal Data, from it.
Page 3 of 7
For more information about the following permissions, refer to the Facebook permissions documentation
and to the Facebook privacy policy.
The permissions asked are the following:
Basic information
By default, this includes certain User’s Data such as id, name, picture, gender, and their locale. Certain
connections of the User, such as the Friends, are also available. If the User has made more of their Data
public, more information will be available.
Birthday
Provides access to the birthday.
Contact email
Access the User's contact email address.
Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data
Personal Data is collected for the following purposes and using the following services:
Access to third party services' accounts
This type of services allows this Application to access Data from your account on a third party service
and perform actions with it.
These services are not activated automatically, but require explicit authorization by the User.
Access to the Facebook account (This Application)
This service allows this Application to connect with the User's account on the Facebook social network,
provided by Facebook, Inc.
Permissions asked: Birthday and Contact email.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy
Advertising
This type of services allows User Data to be utilized for advertising communication purposes displayed
in the form of banners and other advertisements on this Application, possibly based on User interests.
This does not mean that all Personal Data are used for this purpose. Information and conditions of use
are shown below.
Some of the services listed below may use Cookies to identify Users or they may use the behavioral
retargeting technique, i.e. displaying ads tailored to the User’s interests and behavior, including those
detected outside this Application. For more information, please check the privacy policies of the
relevant services.
AppLovin (AppLovin Corporation)
AppLovin is an advertising service provided by AppLovin Corporation.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage data.
Privacy_Policy_SlideShowStoryMaker.pdf
Privacy_Policy_SlideShowStoryMaker.pdf
Open
Open
Open with
Save changes
Sign in
Details
Comments
General Info
Type
Dimensions
Size
Duration
Location
Modified
Created
Opened by me
Sharing
Description
Couldn't preview file
There was a problem loading the details.
Loading…
Sign in
Copy
Add a comment
Displaying Privacy_Policy_SlideShowStoryMaker.pdf. Page 1 of 7