Privacy and Cookies Policy
Article Contents
1.  Introduction
2. Definitions
3. Information About Us
4. Legal Bases For Collecting Your Data
5. When Do We Collect Your Data?
6. What Personal Data Do We Collect?
7. Cookies
8. Analytics
9. Minors and Children’s Privacy
10. How Do We Use the Data We Collect?
11. Do We Share Your Data?
12. Where Do We Store Your Data?
13. How Do We Keep Your Data Safe?
14. How Long Will We Keep Your Personal Data?
15. Your Rights
16. Getting in Touch
1.
INTRODUCTION
This Privacy Policy was last updated on May 24th, 2018.
Sensible Object Ltd (“Sensible Object”, “we”, or “us”)
understand that your privacy is important to you and that you care about how your personal data is used and shared online. We respect and value the privacy of everyone who visits our websites such as
beastsobalance.com, voiceoriginals.com, sensibleobject.com
and any current or future subdomains, as well as everyone that uses our apps such as the
Beasts of Balance app
(“our sites”).
We will only collect and use personal data in ways that are described here, and in a manner that is consistent with our obligations and your rights under the law. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully and ensure that you understand it.
It is likely that we will need to update this policy from time to time. We’ll highlight any significant changes on our sites and/or through our mailing lists.
2. DEFINITIONS
Account –
means an account required to access and/or use certain areas and features of our Sites;
Cookie –
means a small text file placed on your computer or device by our sites when you visit certain parts of our sites and/or when you use certain features of our sites
Cookie Law –
means the relevant parts of the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003;
Personal data –
means any and all data that relates to an identifiable person who can be directly or indirectly identified from that data. In this case, it means personal data that you give to us via Our Site. This definition shall, where applicable, incorporate the definitions provided in the EU Regulation 2016/679 – the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”)
We/us/our –
means
Sensible Object Ltd
a limited company registered in England under company number
08845212
, whose registered address is
West Wing, Somerset House, Strand, London, WC2R 1LA.
3. INFORMATION ABOUT US
Our VAT number is
GB 220592924
.
4. LEGAL BASES FOR COLLECTING YOUR DATA
We collect and process your personal data under the following legally allowed bases:
Consent –
We collect and process your data with your consent via positive opt-in. We will be clear and specific about what use you are consenting to
Contract –
We collect and process your data as required to fulfill contractual obligations to you, such as fulfillment of an order from our online store
Legal obligation –
If the law requires us to, we may need to collect and process your data
Legitimate interest –
In specific situations, we collect and process your data for our legitimate interests in a way that can be reasonably expected as part of running our business and which does not materially infringe upon your rights, freedom or interests
5. WHEN DO WE COLLECT YOUR DATA?
When you visit any of our sites
When you make an online purchase
When you engage with us on social media
When you download or install one of our apps
When you contact us by any means with customer support requests
When you enter competitions
When you choose to complete any surveys we send you
When you’ve given a third party permission to share with us the information they hold about you
We collect data from publicly-available sources when you have given your consent to share information or where the information is made public as a matter of law
6. WHAT PERSONAL DATA DO WE COLLECT?
Depending upon your use of Our Site, We may collect some or all of the following personal and non-personal data :
Name;
Date of Birth;
Contact information such as email addresses, postal addresses and telephone numbers;
Demographic information such as postcode, preferences, and interests;
IP address;
Products you own;
Social media username (if you interact with us);
7. COOKIES
Our Site may place and access certain first-party Cookies on your computer or device. First party Cookies are those placed directly by us and are used only by us. We use Cookies to facilitate and improve your experience of Our Sites and to provide and improve Our products and services.
By using Our Sites you may also receive certain third party Cookies on your computer or device. Third-party Cookies are those placed by websites, services, and/or parties other than us. Third-party Cookies are used on Our Sites for advertising, marketing, and analytics.
We use the following cookies:
Strictly necessary cookies.
These are cookies that are required for the operation of our Website and Service. They include, for example, cookies that enable you log into secure areas of our Website or Service.
Analytical/performance cookies.
They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our Website and Service when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our Website and Service works.
Functionality cookies.
These are used to recognise you when you return to our Website. This enables us to personalise our content for you.
Targeting cookies.
These cookies record your visit to our Website, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make our Website and the advertising displayed on it (if any) more relevant to you. We may also share this information with third parties for this purpose.
Most internet browsers are initially set up to automatically accept Cookies. You can change the settings to block Cookies or to alert you when Cookies are being sent to your device. If you use different devices to view and access our sites (e.g. your computer, smartphone, tablet, etc.) you will need to ensure that each browser on each device is adjusted to suit your Cookie preferences.
Disable Cookies in
Internet Explorer
Disable Cookies in
Chrome
Disable Cookies in
Safari
Disable Cookies in
FireFox
Disable Cookies in
Safari IOS
Disable Cookies in
Google Android
8. ANALYTICS
We use Google Analytics to measure and evaluate access to and traffic on the Public Area of the Site, and create user navigation reports for our Site administrators. Google operates independently from us and has its own privacy policy, which we strongly suggest you review. Google may use the information collected through Google Analytics to evaluate Users’ and Visitors’ activity on our Site. For more information, see
Google Analytics Privacy and Data Sharing
.
We take measures to protect the technical information collected by our use of Google Analytics. The data collected will only be used on a need to know basis to resolve technical issues, administer the Site and identify visitor preferences; but in this case, the data will be in non-identifiable form. We do not use any of this information to identify Visitors or Users.
If you’re unhappy with the idea of sharing the fact you visited our site (and any other sites) with Google, you can install the
official browser plugin for blocking Google Analytics
.
If you want to disable advertising-based tracking, you can
adjust your Google Ads Settings,
or opt out of advertising-based tracking across a number of providers in one go using the
Network Advertising Initiative’s opt-out form
.
Use of our apps may be monitored by and shared with Unity and services such as Unity Analytics, including IP address and device identifiers, as well as events completed or actions taken within the app, for example your progress, time spent playing, and metadata about in-game communications.  You can find out more about the way Unity Analytics uses this information here:
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
.
9. MINORS AND CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
Protecting the privacy of young children is especially important. We do not knowingly collect the personal data from children under the age of 16 without obtaining parental consent. If we learn that personal data has been collected on our sites from persons under the age of 16 without verifiable parental consent, then we will take appropriate steps to delete this information.
If you are a parent or guardian and discover your child under 16 years of age has obtained an account on our site, please alert us by emailing
help@sensibleobject.com
and request that we delete that child’s personal data from our systems. None of the data we collect from children is used for marketing purposes. We comply with both the
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Rule (COPPA)
in the United States and the
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
in the European Union.
10. HOW DO WE USE THE PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT?
We may use your data for the following purposes:
Providing and managing your access to our sites;
Personalising and tailoring your experience on our sites;
Supplying our products and/or services to you (please note that we require your personal data in order to enter into a contract with you);
Personalising and tailoring our products and/or services for you;
Replying to messages from you
11. DO WE SHARE YOUR DATA?
We may share your data with other companies in our group. This includes
Sensible Object Inc.
In certain circumstances, we may be legally required to share certain data held by us, which may include your personal data, for example, where we are involved in legal proceedings, where we are complying with legal requirements, a court order, or a governmental authority.
Sharing on our sites.
When you share and communicate using our sites, the shared content will be visible to all users of the site, including if they don’t have an account.
Sharing with third party partners.
We may sometimes contract with third parties to supply products and services to you on our behalf. These may include payment processing, delivery of goods, search engine facilities, advertising, and marketing. In some cases, the third parties may require access to some or all of your data. Where any of your data is required for such a purpose, we will take all reasonable steps to ensure that your data will be handled safely, securely, and in accordance with your rights, our obligations, and the obligations of the third party under the law.
12. WHERE DO WE STORE YOUR DATA?
Some or all of your data may be stored outside of the European Economic Area (“the EEA”). You are deemed to accept and agree to this by using our sites and submitting information to us. If we do store data outside the EEA, we will take all reasonable steps to ensure that your data is treated as safely and securely as it would be within the UK and under the GDPR.
We will take reasonable steps to maintain appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect the personal data you provide to us against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorised disclosure of, or access to your personal data.
13. HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR DATA SAFE?
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. We maintain appropriate administrative, technical and physical safeguards to protect personal data against accidental or unlawful destruction, accidental loss, unauthorised alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access, misuse, and any other unlawful form of processing of the personal data in our possession. This includes, for example, firewalls, password protection and other access and authentication controls. We use SSL technology to encrypt data during transmission through public internet, and we also employ application-layer security features to further anonymise personal data.
14. HOW LONG WILL WE KEEP YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
Whenever we collect or process your personal data, we’ll only keep it for as long as is necessary for the purpose for which it was collected. At the end of that retention period, your data will either be deleted or anonymised so that it can be used in a non-identifiable way for statistical analysis.
15. YOUR RIGHTS
You retain the right to request us to refrain from processing your data for the purposes of marketing. To exercise such right, you may reply to any information we send you, detailing your request that we refrain from sending any marketing correspondence, or you can exercise this same right by clicking unsubscribe on any marketing emails. If at any time we intend to use your data for such marketing purposes however, it is standard practice for us to make you aware in advance of collecting such data.
We may at times provide links on our Website to third party websites, including without limitation those owned or managed by our partner networks, affiliates or advertisers. These websites have separate privacy policies, and we, therefore, cannot accept any responsibility for the content. As such, choosing to follow these links is a choice you make at your own risk, and we advise that you check these websites’ individual privacy policies before submitting any personal data.
You retain at all times the right to access / amend / delete any personal data we hold about you or to exercise your right of data portability or to object to, or restrict, the purposes for which your personal data is processed on certain grounds. You may exercise this right by making a request in accordance with Data Protection Laws, by emailing
help@sensibleobject.com.
You may also lodge a complaint with the UK data protection regulator, the Information Commissioner’s Office should you be dissatisfied with the way that we handle your personal data.
16. GETTING IN TOUCH
If you have any questions about our sites or this Privacy Policy, please contact us by email at
help@sensibleobject.com
Spread The Word
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in
settings
.
Accept
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
3rd Party Cookies
Cookie Policy
Powered by
GDPR Cookie Compliance
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
Enable or Disable Cookies
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
3rd Party Cookies
This website uses Google Analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages.
Keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website.
Enable or Disable Cookies
Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences!
Cookie Policy
More information about our
Cookie Policy
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html?hl=en-GB:
marketingplatform.google.com uses cookies from Google to deliver and enhance the quality of its services and to analyze traffic.
Learn more
.
OK, got it
Google is committed to advancing racial equity for Black communities.
See how.
Faster, smarter marketing
Introducing Google Marketing Platform, a unified advertising and analytics platform for smarter marketing and better results.
Sign in to Google Marketing Platform
Sign in to Google Marketing Platform
Easy-to-use tools for small businesses
Get free tools to make the most of your marketing, from site and app analytics to intuitive testing and more.
See small-business solutions
Advanced solutions for large enterprises
Make deeper customer connections to drive better marketing results with a complete set of advertising and analytics solutions.
See enterprise solutions
Our Adidas teams
work together in one environment
where we can see audience insights, what creative we’re running and where, how it’s performing, and make changes almost in real time.
Chris Murphy
,
          Head of Digital Experience,
              Adidas
GMP_Logo_analytics
Analytics
Understand your customers so you can deliver better experiences.
Learn more about Analytics
Analytics
Understand your customers so you can deliver better experiences.
Tag Manager
Manage all your tags without editing code.
Campaign Manager 360
Get a complete view of all your digital media campaigns.
Display & Video 360
Reach today’s always-connected audiences wherever they are.
Search Ads 360
Get real-time data and unified insights for your search campaigns.
1
Bain report: How top brands grow with timely customer connections.
New research from Bain shows how leading marketers are using platform integrations and technology to boost customer engagement by delivering more relevant experiences in the moment.
Read more
Case Study
Deckers Brands drives business growth with Google Marketing Platform and Google Cloud
Read more
Feature Brief
Control how data is used in Google Analytics
Read more
Guide
Meeting the data challenge with Google Marketing Platform and Google Cloud
Read more
1
See all resources
Let’s partner up.
Whether you’re looking for help with a single project or a bigger, long-term partnership, Google Marketing Platform Partners have the resources and expertise you need to help you achieve more with your marketing.
Find a partner
Help when you need it.
We’re here to support you every step of the way, whether you use a single product or the entire Google Marketing Platform.
Get support
Sub-policy 1
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy:
Legal Information
Privacy Policy Hub
Privacy Policy Hub
Developer Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs our information practices for our Developer Services, which includes any websites, where a link to this Policy is provided. Developer Services means products and services intended for a party that develops and/or distributes a game or other app made with and/or using Unity Services.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Developer Privacy Policy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Developer Privacy Policy
. They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Customers should understand that Unity does not provide legal advice, therefore the information on this page is not a substitute for seeking your own legal counsel to determine the legal requirements of your business and processes, and how to address them.
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy will provide you with information on how Unity Technologies will collect, use, store, share or otherwise handle your Personal Information that we are responsible for and collect or receive through your use of applications which are owned by third parties but utilize Unity’s technology.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Game Player and App User Privacy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
.They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Unity Educational Products for Schools Privacy Notice
This sets forth Unity’s policies and procedures regarding the Unity software products in schools.
Privacy Supplement Statement for Unity MARS Companion App
This sets forth special privacy terms regarding use of the Unity MARS Companion App.
Unity Data Processing Addendum (“DPA”)
This Data Processing Addendum (this “DPA”) is incorporated into and forms an integral part of the Unity Terms of Service. This agreement determines the rights and obligations of each party when processing personal information.
DPA Amendment for EU, UK, and Swiss SCCs
In 2021, the European Commission and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commission issued new Standard Contractual Clauses ("2021 SCCs"). Additionally, in 2022, the UK Parliament approved the UK International Data Transfer Addendum to the EU SCCs (“UK Addendum”). The 2021 SCCs and UK Addendum replace the Standard Contractual Clauses enacted in 2010 (“2010 SCCs”). This is a pre-signed copy of this document which you may download, execute on your side, and return to DPA@unity3d.com.
Technical and Organisational Measures including Technical and Organisational Measure to ensure the Security of the Data
Technical and Organisational Measures (TOMs) are strategic safeguards designed to protect data security and ensure adherence to data protection regulations. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum.
Sub-Processors
Sub-processors are third-party companies that assist Unity by handling personal data on Unity's behalf. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum
.
GENERATIVE AI SUPPLEMENTAL PRIVACY NOTICE
This notice explains Unity's processing activities with respect to Personal Information collected through users of Generative AI Tools