PRIVACY POLICY
This privacy policy governs your use of the software application WeatherTunes Music for mobile iOS devices that was created by Ari Amanatidis.
Short version:  If you opted in with Apple to allow data collection I can view the data they collect, if you opted out, WeatherTunes Music does not see anything, including location. If you have the free version, the ads may access some limited information.
Long version:
What information does the Application obtain and how is it used?
Automatically Collected Information
The Application may anonymously collect certain information automatically if using the free version, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile operating system, your general location using the built in gps, and information about the way you use the Application.
Does the Application collect precise real time location information of the device?
This Application does not collect precise information about the location of your mobile device, but does find your general location and makes all song finding calculations locally on the phone.
Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application?
Only aggregated, anonymized data is periodically transmitted to external services if you have the free, with advertisments, version through the ad banner. You can read about YouTube API Services
here
.
WeatherTunes Music uses Google's API services to find the videos to play. You can read about their Terms of service
here
.
The paid version only collects data if you opted in with Apple. We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement.
What are my opt-out rights?
You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling the Application, or using the paid version and opting out from data collection with apple. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.
Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy here. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes. You can check the history of this policy by clicking here.
Your Consent
By using the Application, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. "Processing", means using cookies on a computer/hand held device or using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information, all of which activities will take place in the United States. If you reside outside the United States your information will be transferred, processed and stored there under United States privacy standards.