Playgendary Limited Games Privacy Policy
07.08.2024
This Privacy Policy explains who we are, how we process (i.e. collect, record, organize, structure, store, adapt or alter, retrieve, consult, use, disclose by transmission, disseminate or otherwise make available, align or combinate, restrict, erase or destruct) personal information about you, and how you can exercise your privacy rights. We are Playgendary Limited, a company under laws of Republic of Cyprus, with registered address at: 94, Amathoundos Avenue, Alexander Diamant, Agios Tychonas, 4532 Limassol, Cyprus (“Playgendary” or “we”), a developer and publisher of games and mobile game applications that are made available via app stores including the Apple App Store and Google Play Store. This Privacy Policy applies to personal information that we collect through our website, games, mobile applications and other products (“Games”) (together “Services”). By using our Services, you agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy and consent to our processing of information as specified therein.
ATTENTION FOR CALIFORNIAN CONSUMERS: to understand your rights under CCPA, as amended, please refer to chapter 14 of this Privacy Policy.
1. INFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM YOU
Most of the information that we collect about you comes directly from you when you visit our website, play our Games or interact with third-party ads in our Games or with our ads in other publisher’s Games. In general, the information we collect about you relates to the type of device you are using, information that helps us identify your device, how you play our Games and may include information that you submit to us when you voluntarily contact us. We may also collect information from app store platforms and partners and other third parties such as information about your interests and in-app purchases (provided that we never receive your payment or credit card information).
The information that we may collect about you through the Services broadly falls into the following categories:
(a) Information that you provide voluntarily
Certain parts of our Services may ask you to provide personal information voluntarily. For example, we will ask for certain information in order for you to submit enquiries to us, such as:
your name, email address or other details, necessary to process your inquiries;
any information you submit to our support team via email.
The personal information that you are asked to provide and the reasons why you are asked to provide it, we will try to explain to you at the point we ask you to provide your personal information.
(b) Information that we collect automatically
When you use our Services, we may also collect certain information automatically from you and/or your device which may be considered personal information under applicable data protection laws, such as:
Data and analytics about your use of our Services (e.g. in-game play progress, levels, games played, session length, preferred settings, which in-game adverts you may have viewed, in-game references or just game preferences, the means by which you were referred to our Services)
Your IP address and device identifiers such as your Advertising ID, Device ID numbers (for more see here Advertising IDs and Device IDs)
Your device type and the operating system that you use
Your Service communications (e.g. in-game emotion signals which you exchange with other players)
Broad geographic location (e.g. country or city-level location) based on your IP address
Information collected automatically through our Website (or third-party services employed in our Website), which can include, for example, IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilized by you when using our Website, the URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier), the time of the request, the method utilized to submit the request to the server, the size of the file received in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the server's answer (successful outcome, error, etc.), the country of origin, the features of the browser and the operating system utilized by you, the various time details per visit (e.g., the time spent on each page within the Application) and the details about the path followed within the website with special reference to the sequence of pages visited, and other parameters about the device operating system and/or your IT environment
Advertising ID
means Apple Identifier for Advertisers (“IDFA”) on Apple and Google Advertising Identity (“GAID”). These are unique identifiers for mobile device that advertisers use for personalized advertising. They are consistent across all mobile applications and thus allow cross-app tracking. On Apple, you can opt out of it by choosing “limit ad tracking” option in your privacy settings. On Google Android, you can opt out of these ads by choosing “Opt-out of personalized ads”. Advertising IDs are non-permanent, non-personal identifiers, which are uniquely associated with your device.
Device identifier / information
means device type, device model, device maker, device operating system and its language or other technical data like screen size or processor, or combination of this data available from a device for a developer for checking the device compatibility with a particular application.
Some of this information may be collected through cookies as explained further under the heading Cookies below.
(c) Information we obtain from third-party sources
Third-Party Social Network/s. Google Play Games Service, Apple Game Center, Facebook (“Third-Party Social Network/s”). You may choose to connect to our Services via your social media account. Exactly what information we receive from your social media will depend on your social media privacy settings, but it would typically include your basic public profile information such as your username, gender, your friends playing the same Game. (See below also “Third-Party Social Networks”).
Third party service providers. We may receive personal information about you from third-party sources. We may get your personal information for example when you installed our Game and prior to installing you have clicked an advertisement for the same Game.
Advertising partners. From time to time, we may also receive personal information about you from other third-party sources. For example, if you clicked on an advertisement to direct you to one of our Services (such as an advert of one of our Games in other publisher’s game), we will be provided with information from which ad network and advertising campaign the install originated from (See below also “Advertising”).
A list of our current service providers and partners is available
here
.
(d) No special categories of information
We do not request or intend to collect any “special categories of information” such as personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, or trade union membership, genetic data, biometric data for the purpose of uniquely identifying a natural person, data concerning health or data concerning a natural person’s sex life or sexual orientation. Kindly be cautious when sharing this information about yourself (or others) in our Services.
2. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
2.1. In General
We use the information we collect about you/your device to deliver services and our Games to you and to operate our business. We use it also for improving our services and Games, for enhancing security and for analytics and research purposes to make sure we provide you with the best experience. In addition, we use your information to promote our services and Games in our Games and also in other publisher’s apps and to display third-party advertisements to you. We use your information also for tracking and fraud prevention for advertising purposes, for complying with our legal obligations and for our legitimate interests (for example, when we use your personal information for evaluation of possible employment relations with you).
We use your information for the following purposes:
Delivering and improving our services. We use your information for developing, delivering and improving our Games and other products, services, and content, tailoring our products and services, providing Game updates, technical troubleshooting, understanding and analyzing trends in connection with usage of the Games, and administering the Games.
Displaying advertisements. We use your information for showing advertisements for our Games in other publisher’s apps and for displaying third-party advertisements in our Games. Please see more in Advertising Section of this Privacy Policy.
Cross-promotion. We use your information for cross-promoting our Games and services, meaning to promote one of our Games while you are playing a different Game of ours.
Tracking and fraud prevention for advertising purposes. We use your information for tracking how our advertising campaigns perform and for identifying and preventing fraud for our advertising campaigns.
Analytics and research. We use your information for understanding and analyzing trends in connection with the usage of the Games, gathering demographic information about our user base, data about where the Game was downloaded from. We may also create reports and analysis for the purposes of research or business intelligence, for example to track potential problems or trends with our Games and services, or to test our new game features and content.
Security. We use your information for enhancing the safety and security of our Games, products and services.
Customer Support. We use your information for providing customer support to you and to respond to your inquiries.
Our legal obligations. We use your information when we are required to do so by law, for example, we use your country or region for tax reporting purposes.
2.2. In-App Purchases
Our Games enable in-app purchases. We do not process payments for in-app purchases nor have access to your credit card information.
Payment transactions for in-app purchases are completed through the app store via your App Store account, Google Play account or Amazon.com account (payment service providers). You are requested to provide your payment details and personal information directly to such payment service providers. We are not involved in the collection and processing of such information: instead, we will only receive a notification by the relevant payment service provider as to whether payment has been successfully completed.
Any post-purchase processes are controlled by the Apple, Google and Amazon.com stores and are subject to specific terms of such Apple, Google and Amazon.com stores. Please review privacy policy and terms of service of your Apple, Google and Amazon.com stores.
3. HOW WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
We cannot provide all services necessary for the successful operation of the Games by ourselves. We must, therefore, share collected information with third parties for the purposes of developing and delivering our services, displaying advertisements, conducting analysis and research and for measuring our and our Partners’ advertising campaign performance. We also reserve the right to disclose your information (including personally identifiable information) when we are legally required to do so, to disclose your information in an anonymous and aggregated manner, meaning you could not be personally identified from it.
We may share such information to:
Our analytics providers. We use third-party analytics such as TapJoy, Unity, Firebase for the purposes of delivering our services, conducting analysis, and research. The device data we share with such providers are encoded. The providers may assign a random ID to these data and they are not able to match it back to You. We can aggregate the data for benchmarking feature.
Our cloud service providers. We store information we collect from you on servers provided by our third-party cloud service providers such as iCloud, Google Cloud Platform;
Our tracking and fraud prevention providers. For some of our Games we use tracking and fraud prevention providers, such as AppsFlyer, Tenjin for the purposes of measuring performance and optimizing our advertising campaigns, displaying advertisements, conducting analysis to improve our services and for fraud prevention purposes. Such providers may use APIs, and SDKs in our Games to enable them to collect and analyze user and device-related data and information, such as impressions, clicks, installs or other advertising campaign performance indicators and post-install in-app events.
Third-party advertising partners. We have contracted with certain third-party advertising networks that assist us in delivering advertising to you that allows us to continue offering the Games for free or at low cost.
Advertising partner’s third-party tracking provider. We allow our advertising partners to track impressions, clicks, installs or other advertising campaign performance indicators through their tracking providers for the purposes of measuring their advertising campaign performance. They may use their own third-party tracking providers.
Other third-party service providers. For our Games, we use Unity Software to develop such Games. For the data processing by Unity please see Unity’s privacy policy available at
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
. For some Games, we partner with third-party development studios to develop such Games. Such third-party development studios do not have access to your personal information, they can only access aggregated data that they cannot trace back to you.
Game developer partners. Publishing arrangements with some of the game developers and owners provide for more involvement of those partners to bring their games to you. We may share your personal data with them as data processors - for the games maintenance and development, as well as data controllers - for their own marketing activities and analytics. Game developer partners may engage their processors, which are listed here.
We may contract with additional Partners or change existing Partners in the future to perform any services in connection with the Games. These changes shall be updated from time to time or promptly in case of material changes in our data processing practices.
The list of our current service providers and partners is available
here.
We reserve the right to disclose your information (including personally identifiable information) in response to law, legal process, litigation, and/or requests from public and governmental authorities within or outside your country of residence. We may also disclose information about you if we determine that for purposes of national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance, the disclosure is necessary or appropriate. We may also disclose information about you if we determine that disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce our terms and conditions or to protect our operations, users or user experience. Additionally, in the event of a reorganization, merger or sale we may transfer any and all information (including personally identifiable information) we collect to the relevant third party.
For any additional questions about third-party information collection, please refer to
privacy@newplg.dev
.
4. ADVERTISING
4.1. In General
We use advertising to fund our Services and to make our games available for free. We offer our Games for free or at low cost and in order to do that we need to share information we collect from you with our third-party advertising partners. As a safeguard to protect your privacy, we only store personal information temporarily. The information collected helps us to improve our website and Games and – at the same time – keep our Games free for a wide player base.
When you use our Games, we rely either on our legitimate interest or your consent to show advertisements to you.
Before sharing any information with our advertising partners for the purposes of
personalized advertising
, we always ask for your
consent
. The purpose is to improve our Games and provide the player with more relevant ads. We allow our advertising partners to show personalized ads to you only if you consented to the sharing of your personal information for the purposes of personalized advertising. Our advertising partners use different technologies for the purposes of personalized advertising that process your personal information in different ways, so please review their data processing practices before consenting to personalized ads. The list of our current advertising partners with links to their privacy policies is available
here
.
You have an option to withdraw your consent to sharing your personal information for the purposes of personalized advertising at all times. You can withdraw your consent by going to the Game settings and clicking the terms & Privacy button therein, in section ‘
Personalized Ads Consent Withdrawal’
of the Privacy Policy you will be able to manage your preferences by choosing to which advertising you would like to get. When you decide to withdraw your consent or if you do not provide your consent, you may still see the same number of ads on your mobile device; however, these ads may be less relevant because they won’t be based on topics you like, your interest, behavior, demographics, etc. Our advertising partners may continue to show you ads based on the content of the application you are using.
4.2. In-game advertising (i.e. when you view ads in Our Games)
To enable us to show in-game ads, we may send your advertising ID and IP-address to advertisers (or ad networks) to enable them to find appropriate ads to serve to you in our games and on third-party properties. You can control and limit our use of your advertising ID in your device settings. We do not control which specific ads are shown in our games (it is controlled by ad networks), but we do blacklist certain categories of ads.
Advertising IDs are used by the ad networks for a number of purposes (please refer to the Privacy Notices of our advertising partners listed
here
) including:
limit the number of times you see the same ad;
ensure they are dealing with humans with real devices and not ‘automated’ bots;
serve you with advertisements likely to be relevant to you based on your advertising ID engagement with other brands and ads, also recorded using your advertising ID and using your general geographic area. Other brands buy advertisement placement via an ad network or ad exchange to advertise their products in Our Games. The ad network or ad exchange acts as intermediary between the other game companies and Us. In order for an ad network to charge the company buying the ad, clicks from the ad and potentially installs of other developers’ applications party apps are tracked. Views, clicks, and installs from ads are measured using Advertiser ID;
keep track what games you have used to market you similar kind of games. IP-address is typically used by advertisers to broadly see the general geographic area you are coming from for example country, state, and sometimes at city level).
4.3. View of Our ads on third-party services
We also advertise the Games in other apps by asking ad networks to serve them to audiences that will be interested in them (determined using Advertising IDs).
The Advertising IDs are used by the ad networks for a number of purposes (please refer to the Privacy Notices of our advertising partners listed
here
) including:
measuring ad effectiveness (looking at aggregated views, clicks and installs they generate through their advertising in other publishers’ games);
informing players, that have not been playing for a while, about new content in the Game. We give a list of these users in the form of Advertising IDs to an ad network. Ad network then shows these users ads about the new content;
not showing ads on a game which a player is already playing. We can send a list of active players in the form of Advertising IDs to an ad network. Ad network then excludes these players from seeing the ad;
marketing games to a group of potential players.
4.4. WHO CAN SHOW PERSONALIZED ADS TO YOU?
Please see the list of advertising providers that are allowed to show personalized advertising and review their data processing practices, including the technologies they use for the purposes of personalized advertising
here
.
4.5. HOW CAN YOU TURN OFF PERSONALIZED ADS?
Besides specific instruments available to users via the Game you can use your device settings.
iOS
Open the “Settings” application of iOS and select the “Privacy” menu item and then the “Advertising” sub-item. If you activate the “Limit ad tracking” option, we can only take limited measures such as identifying unique users or combating fraud. In the same menu you can always delete the IDFA (“Reset Ad-ID”), then a new ID is created which is not merged with the data collected earlier.
Android
Open the “Settings” application and select the “Google” menu item. Depending on your device, this option may not be visible on the main menu but you may use the search function at the top of the Settings menu to find it. From there, select the “Ads” sub-item and activate the option “Opt out of Ads Personalisation” to prevent the creation of profiles and the display of personalized advertising. You can delete the advertising ID in the same menu at any time (“Reset advertising ID”), then a new ID will be created which will not be merged with the previously collected data.
5. THIRD-PARTY SOCIAL NETWORKS
5.1. Connecting to Third-Party Social Networks
Some of our Games use third-party services such as Google Play Games Service, Apple Game Center, Facebook (“Third Party Social Network/s”). Such Games enable you to log in to your Third-Party Social Network account to connect our App by using the “Log in” feature in our App. You may also share the content you create within the App on Third-Party Social Networks. These services are not activated automatically, but require explicit authorization by You. Please note, Third Party Social Networks are governed by their own privacy policies, terms and end-user agreements and we are not responsible for and have no control over, the sharing practices or policies of the third parties that operate those sites. For additional questions, contact us at
privacy@newplg.dev
.
5.2. Facebook Login
In our Games we may offer you the opportunity to use the "Facebook Login" service of Facebook Ireland Limited, 4 Grand Canal Square, Dublin 2, Ireland. This allows you to save all your game process using your existing Facebook account. After you have logged in with your Facebook login data, Facebook will tell you which data will be transmitted for authentication.
For more information on how Facebook processes personal data, including how to exercise your rights as a data subject against Facebook Ireland, please refer to Facebook's data policy at
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy
. Further information about Facebook Login:
https://developers.facebook.com/docs/facebook-login/
.
5.3. Information We May Receive When You Connect to Third-Party Social Networks
The information you allow us to access varies by App and is affected by the privacy settings you establish on those Third-Party Social Networks. You can control and find out more about these settings from the Third-Party Social Network in question. When you use the “Log in” feature, we may access and store some or all of the following information, as allowed by you, Third-Party Social Networks and your preferences: (i) your basic information from your public profile. By default, this includes certain information about you such as id, name, picture, gender, and your location. If you have made more of your information public, more information will be available; (ii) login ID and/or player identifier string, your email address connected to your page; (iii) list of your friends; (iv) any other information which is detailed and displayed to you in the notice which appears during the “Log in with” process. We may share your name and your game data (such as moves, Game progress and scores) with respect to the applicable App, with your friends who have also used the “Log in with” or “Connect to” feature in connection with such App or with your contacts in applicable Third-Party Social Media Network account.
The App may further ask you to allow us to post on such Third-Party Social Networks on your behalf (e.g. status updates). Please keep in mind that we will only do that if specifically allowed by you and we will store ID and your full name for the purposes of user identification. Other information will be merely stored within the App on your device so that the App will be able to communicate with Third Party Social Network directly.
5.4. How You Share Your Information On Third-Party Social Networks
If you use Third-Party Social Networks to participate in game-related activities, such as leaderboards and multiplayer games, you share your information with other players and Third-Party Social Networks (for example, scores, rankings, and achievements).
6. INFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM OUR WEBSITE
6.1. In general
When you are using our website we may obtain your personal data, from you directly (for example, at the time of subscribing to any services offered on our website, including posting materials etc.); and/or from your device or browser. Such personal data may include:
browser type and the operating system utilized by you;
information on the use of our website (for example, pages visited, geographical location, time spent on the website);
cookie data (for more information please see our
Cookie Policy
);
preferences regarding online marketing; and/or
IP address domain names of the computers utilized by you when using our Website;
URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier);
other parameters about the device operating system and/or your IT environment.
We will keep your personal data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes for which it was collected in connection with your requests via our website or your use of our website.
6.2. Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your computer’s hard drive.
We use “cookies” to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some options of our Service. In order to receive more detailed information about cookies, please review our
Cookie Policy
.
We do not transfer your personal data to third parties (except forPlaygendary’s affiliates, when such transfer within group of companies is legally permitted and to the extent necessary for the execution of the application process.).
7. CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 16 (“Children”). When we collect personal information, we do not know the age of our players. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 16. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children have provided us with Personal Information, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Information from a child under the age of 16 without verification of parental consent, we will take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Under our Terms of Service users of our games must be at least 16 years of age. Although the graphical content of the games may be suitable for younger audiences, there are multiple reasons for responsible developers to apply a minimum age of 16. Some of these reasons are in-app purchases and privacy.
Please note: When you download our games from e.g. Google Play or Apple App Store you will find published age recommendations in the Apps description. However, these age or maturity classifications refer only to the content suitability (similar to movie ratings G, PG or PG-13 in the U.S., but related to gameplay, animations, etc.) according to the respective rating body responsible for such ratings. As these ratings are done independently by a third party without our contribution, they are not necessarily in line with our Terms of Service.
For more info on how these categories are defined, visit these support websites for Apple and Google.
8. YOUR RIGHTS
You have certain rights in connection with your personal information and how we handle it. Some of these rights may be subject to some exceptions or limitations. You can exercise these rights at any time by following the instructions below or sending us relevant requests to
privacy@newplg.dev
.
Your rights include:
Right to withdraw your consent (e.g. you may withdraw your consent to show personalized ads to you, by loading Terms &Privacy from your Game settings and following instructions in section Personalized Ads Consent Withdrawal in Privacy Policy)
Right to access your data (e.g. you may check what data we store about you, for this purpose please load Terms &Privacy from your Game settings and follow instructions in section Request a Summary of Personal Data in Privacy Policy)
Right to correct your data (e.g. you can contact us if your email address has been changed and we should replace your old email address)
Right to have your data deleted (e.g. you can contact us if you want us to delete certain data that we have stored about you, please load Terms &Privacy from your Game settings and follow instructions in section request Personal Data to be removed in Privacy Policy)
Right to restrict processing of your personal information (e.g. you can contact us if you want to restrict processing). You have the right, under certain circumstances, to restrict the processing of your Data. In this case, we will not process your Data for any purpose other than storing it.
Right to take your data with you (e.g. you can contact us to receive your data if you want to upload it to another service)
Right to object how your data is handled (e.g. you can contact us if you do not agree with any user analytics procedures as described within this privacy policy). You have the right to object to the processing of your Data if the processing is carried out on a legal basis other than consent. Where Personal Data is processed for a public interest, in the exercise of an official authority vested in the Playgendary or for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us, you may object to such processing by providing a ground related to your particular situation to justify the objection. You must know that, however, should their Personal Data be processed for direct marketing purposes, they can object to that processing at any time without providing any justification. To learn, whether we are processing Personal Data for direct marketing purposes, you may refer to the relevant sections of this document or contact us at privacy@newplg.dev.
Right to send complaints to the supervisory authority (e.g. you can contact the data protection supervisory authority directly).
9. GENERAL
Your information privacy and security are important to us and we always pay special attention to ensure that we process your information lawfully in accordance with one of the legal bases set out under EEA data protection laws that apply to our users. We have appointed data protection officer to help us ensure compliance with EEA data protection laws. We store your information for as long as needed to provide you with our services. We may store information longer, but only in a way that it cannot be tracked back to you. We operate globally and we share your information with our Partners (see the List of our current Partners
here
) as for the purposes described above in “How We Share Your Information” Section, which may include a transfer of your personal information outside of the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). Please check regularly for changes to our Privacy Policy.
10. LEGAL BASES
In each case where we process your information, we do so lawfully in accordance with one of the legal bases set out under EEA data protection law.
The legal bases that we rely upon are the following:
Contractual Necessity. This covers information that is processed by us in order to provide you with service that you have requested – and that we have agreed – to provide to you, that is to deliver and improve our services, to provide customer support, to deliver special features in our Games (such as in-app chat feature, multiplayer feature, leaderboards and other third-party social network features), to deliver content of the in-app purchase you make.
Legitimate Interests. This covers information that is processed by us for the purposes that can be reasonably expected within the context of your use of our services to pursue our legitimate interests in order to ensure you have the best experience when playing our apps, to make sure your information is secure and to provide to you our Games free of charge or at a low cost. We pay special attention to your data protection rights making sure that your data protection rights are not overridden by our legitimate interests. We rely on our legitimate interests for data processing for analytics, tracking and fraud prevention, push-notifications, cross-promotion, contextual advertising purposes, evaluation of job applicants and possibilities for further employment relationship received via our website.
Consent. Where we ask for your consent to use your data for a particular purpose, we will make this clear at the point of collection and we will also make clear how you can withdraw your consent. We will ask for you consent before sharing any information with our advertising partners for the purposes of personalized advertising and before conducting any surveys. Note: Under some legislations we may be allowed to process Personal Data until You object to such processing (“opt-out”), without having to rely on consent or any other of the following legal bases. This, however, does not apply, whenever the processing of Personal Data is subject to European data protection law.
Legal Obligation. This covers information that is processed by us to comply with a legal obligation, for instance, is to maintain records for tax purposes.
In any case, We will gladly help to clarify the specific legal basis that applies to the processing, and in particular whether the provision of Personal Data is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract.
11. SECURITY
We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect the confidentiality, security and integrity of the collected information, and to prevent unauthorized access and the use of information contrary to this Privacy Policy. Although we use commercially reasonable efforts to assure that your information remains secure when maintained by us, please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable.
12. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFER
The information is processed at the Playgendary’s operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located.
Your personal information may be transferred to and processed in countries other than the country in which you are resident. These countries may have data protection laws that are different from the laws of your country.
This means that when we collect your personal information, we may process it in other countries. However, we ensure appropriate safeguards are in place so that your personal information will remain protected in accordance with this Privacy Policy. These include implementing the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses for transfers of personal information between us and third party service providers and partners, which require us to protect personal information they process from the EEA in accordance with European Union data protection law. It also includes transferring personal information to third-party service providers and partners which are certified under the EU-US Privacy Shield.
13. RETENTION
We store your information for as long as needed to provide you with our services. We may store information longer, but only in a way that it cannot be tracked back to you. We delete the information as soon as we do not need it for the purposes as described in this Privacy Policy and in any event no later than five (5) years after your interaction with all of our Games has ceased.
When required by law, we will retain your information for as long as we are legally obligated to do so. If you request us to delete your data we will delete your data as described above in “Your Rights” Section.
Once the retention period expires, Personal Data shall be deleted. Therefore, the right to access, the right to erasure, the right to rectification and the right to data portability cannot be enforced after expiration of the retention period.
14. SEPARATE PROCESSING OPERATIONS
This part of the document integrates with and supplements the information contained in the rest of the privacy policy and is provided by us and our subsidiaries and affiliates (for the purposes of this section referred to collectively as “we”, “us”, “our”). In case of any discrepancy between the general provisions of this privacy policy and this section, the provisions of this section shall prevail.
14.1. Information for California-based consumers
The provisions contained in this section apply to all users who are consumers residing in the state of California, United States of America, according to "The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018" (Users are referred to below, simply as “you”, “your”, “yours”), and, for such consumers, these provisions supersede any other possibly divergent or conflicting provisions contained in the privacy policy.
This part of the document uses the term “personal information“ as it is defined in The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA).
14.1.1. Categories of personal information collected, disclosed or sold
In this section we summarize the categories of personal information that we've collected, disclosed or sold and the purposes thereof. You can read about these activities in detail in the section 2 titled “How we use your information” within this document.
Information we collect: the categories of personal information we collect
We have collected the following categories of personal information about you according to the CCPA: identifiers, commercial information, internet information and geolocation data.
We will not collect additional categories of personal information without notifying you.
14.1.2. How we collect information: what are the sources of the personal information we collect?
We collect the above mentioned categories of personal information, either directly or indirectly, from you when you use our services and Games.
For example, you directly provide your personal information when you submit requests via any forms on the services or Games. You also provide personal information indirectly when you navigate the services and Games, as personal information about you is automatically observed and collected. Finally, we may collect your personal information from third parties that work with us in connection with the Service or with the functioning of the Games and features thereof.
14.1.3. How we use the information we collect: sharing and disclosing of your personal information with third parties for a business purpose
We may disclose the personal information we collect about you to a third party for business purposes. In this case, we enter a written agreement with such third party that requires the recipient to both keep the personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose(s) other than those necessary for the performance of the agreement.
We may also disclose your personal information to third parties when you explicitly ask or authorize us to do so, in order to provide you with our Service.
To find out more about the purposes of processing, please refer to the relevant section of this document.
14.1.4. Sale of your personal information
For our purposes, the word “sale” means any “selling, renting, releasing, disclosing, disseminating, making available, transferring or otherwise communicating orally, in writing, or by electronic means, a consumer's personal information by the business to another business or a third party, for monetary or other valuable consideration”.
This means that, for example, a sale can happen whenever an application runs ads, or makes statistical analyses on the traffic or views, or simply because it uses tools such as social network plugins and the like.
Your right to opt out of the sale of personal information
You have the right to opt out of the sale of your personal information. This means that whenever you request us to stop selling your data, we will abide by your request.
Such requests can be made freely, at any time, simply by following the instructions below.
Instructions to opt out of the sale of personal information
If you’d like to know more, or exercise your right to opt out in regard to all the sales carried out by this Application, both online and offline, you can contact us for further information using the contact details provided in this document or by following appropriate link within the Game.
14.1.5. What are the purposes for which we use your personal information?
We may use your personal information to allow the operational functioning of the services or Games and features thereof (“business purposes”). In such cases, your personal information will be processed in a fashion necessary and proportionate to the business purpose for which it was collected, and strictly within the limits of compatible operational purposes.
We may also use your personal information for other reasons such as for commercial purposes (as indicated within the section “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data” within this document), as well as for complying with the law and defending our rights before the competent authorities where our rights and interests are threatened or we suffer an actual damage.
We will not use your personal information for different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without notifying you.
14.1.6. Your California privacy rights and how to exercise them
The right to know and to portability
You may submit once a year, free of charge, a verifiable request to disclose what personal information we collect about you. The easiest way to submit a request is to use the in-app support feature (“Contact Us”) in our Games (if possible). You may also submit your request via e-mail at
privacy@newplg.dev
.
The disclosure described above will be limited to the personal information collected or used over the past 12 months.
If we deliver our response electronically, the information enclosed will be "portable", i.e. delivered in an easily usable format to enable you to transmit the information to another entity without hindrance – provided that this is technically feasible.
The right to request the deletion of your personal information
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information, subject to exceptions set forth by the law (such as, including but not limited to, where the information is used to identify and repair errors on this Application, to detect security incidents and protect against fraudulent or illegal activities, to exercise certain rights etc.).
If no legal exception applies, as a result of exercising your right, we will delete your personal information and direct any of our service providers to do so. However, we may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service providers under certain circumstances, which will be explained to you at the time of the denial, if any. Should you wish any information about you deleted, you may use the in-app support feature (tap on Terms&Privacy in the app's settings and choose "Request personal data to be erased") in our games or submit your request via e-mail privacy@newplg.dev.
Right to opt-out
You have the right to opt-out of “sale” of your personal information, as defined by the CCPA. In certain circumstances we may share your information with our partners, who help us deliver advertisements in our games tailored to your interests. To learn what information we collect and how we share it with third parties for advertising purposes, please, visit the
link
.
If you would prefer that your personal information is not shared with third parties in this way, please, visit “
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
”.
Right to be free from discrimination
We may not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not: (i) deny you our Services; (ii) charge you different prices or rates for our Services; (iii) provide you a different level or quality of Services; (iv) suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for Services or a different level or quality of Services.
Authorized agents
You may exercise your CCPA rights by designating an authorized agent. If you would like to designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf, please, be sure that the agent can (i) demonstrate you have provided written permission for the agent to submit a request on your behalf and (ii) provide proof of his or her own identity. We reserve the right to require further reasonable information to verify the request. If the agent does not satisfy these requirements, we may deny the request.
How to exercise your rights
To exercise the rights described above, you need to submit your verifiable request to us by contacting us via the details provided in this document.
For us to respond to your request, it’s necessary that we know who you are. Therefore, you can only exercise the above rights by making a verifiable request which must:
provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative;
describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We will not respond to any request if we are unable to verify your identity and therefore confirm the personal information in our possession actually relates to you.
If you are an adult, you can make a verifiable request on behalf of a minor under your parental authority.
You can submit 1 request over a period of 12 months.
How and when we are expected to handle your request
We will respond to your request within 45 days of its receipt. Should we need more time, we will explain to you the reasons why, and how much more time we need. In this regard, please note that we may take up to 90 days to fulfill your request. Our disclosure(s) will cover the preceding 12 months period.
Should we deny your request, we will explain you the reasons behind our denial.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable request unless such request is manifestly unfounded or excessive. In such cases, we may charge a reasonable fee, or refuse to act on the request. In either case, we will communicate our choices and explain the reasons behind it.
14.2. Apple Arcade
This subsection is an integral part of our privacy policy and describes the privacy practices specific to titles owned or controlled by us that are available on Apple Arcade. These include: Tomb of the Mask+ (“Arcade Games”).
Information We Collect
Arcade Games collect limited information about you. This covers all data that is sent off of your device, in particular data related to your game progress and achievements.
How We Use the Information We Collect
We use the information we collect for the purpose of saving users’ game progress after Arcade Games restart.
Sharing the Information We Collect with Third Parties
We do not share and/or disclose the information we collect with third parties, other than Apple. Please note that Apple may access the information we collect for the purposes described in the Apple Arcade privacy statement available at:
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/data/en/apple-arcade/
Retention and Deletion of the Information We Collect
We do not retain the information we collect. This information is stored on iCloud and/or Game Center (services operated by Apple) and, where required, may be accessed, deleted or processed otherwise by you and Apple, always subject to your legal relations with Apple.
15. CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
We will occasionally update this Privacy Policy as necessary to protect our users, furnish current information, and respond to legal and technical changes. The most current version of the Privacy Policy will govern our use of your information and will be available
here
.
For previous versions of this Privacy Policy, please contact us via privacy@newplg.dev.
16. CONTACT US
If you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please contact us through our privacy email:
privacy@newplg.dev
;
For information collected under this Privacy Policy, the data controller is Playgendary Limited, a company under laws of Cyprus, registered at 94, Amathoundos Avenue, Alexander Diamant, Agios Tychonas, 4532 Limassol, Cyprus.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy:
Access Denied
You don't have permission to access "http://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy" on this server.
Reference #18.4cb01302.1741277971.32d8b9a1
https://errors.edgesuite.net/18.4cb01302.1741277971.32d8b9a1
Sub-policy 1
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy:
Privacy Center home
Search
Privacy topics
More privacy resources
Privacy Policy
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
What information do we collect?
How do we use your information?
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
How do we share information with third parties?
How do the Meta Companies work together?
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
How long do we keep your information?
How do we transfer information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
How will you know the Policy has changed?
How to contact Meta with questions
Legal basis information
Other policies and articles
Settings
Privacy Policy
How we use info for AI at Meta
Based on feedback from regulators, we’re still delaying our plans to use your information from Meta Products to develop and improve
AI at Meta
. We’ll let you know before we start using this information for this purpose, and how you can exercise your right to object.
Other updates
We're updating our Privacy Policy. The updates go into effect on April 7, 2025.
Read the new policy.
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
Effective November 14, 2024
|
View printable version
|
See previous versions
Highlights
We at Meta want you to understand what information we collect, and how we use and share it. That’s why we encourage you to read our Privacy Policy. This helps you use
Meta Products
in the way that’s right for you.
In the Privacy Policy, we explain how we collect, use, share, retain and transfer information. We also let you know your rights. Each section of this Policy includes helpful examples and simpler language to make our practices easier to understand. We’ve also added links to resources where you can learn more about the privacy topics that interest you.
It's important to us that you know how to control your privacy, so we also show you where you can manage your information in the settings of the Meta Products you use. You can
update these settings
to shape your experience.
Read the full Policy below.
What Products does this Policy cover?
Learn more in Privacy Center about managing your privacy
What information do we collect?
Highlights
The information we collect and process about you depends on how you use our
Products
. For example, we collect different information if you sell furniture on Marketplace than if you post a reel on Instagram. When you use our Products, we collect some information about you
even if you don't have an account
.
Here's the information we collect:
Your activity and information you provide
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
Information from partners, vendors and other third parties
What if you don’t let us collect certain information?
Some information is required for our Products to work. Other information is optional, but without it, the quality of your experience might be affected.
Learn more
What if the information we collect doesn’t identify individuals?
In some cases information is de-identified, aggregated, or anonymized by third parties so that it no longer identifies individuals before it’s made available to us. We use this information as described below without trying to re-identify individuals.
Take control
Manage the information we collect about you
Privacy Center
How do we use your information?
Highlights
We use
information we collect
to provide a personalized experience to you, including ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products), along with the other purposes we explain in detail below.
For some of these purposes, we use information
across our Products
from the accounts you choose to add to your Accounts Center, and
across your devices
. The information we use for these purposes is automatically processed by our systems. But in some cases, we also use
manual review
to access and review your information.
To use less information that’s connected to individual users, in some cases we de-identify or aggregate information or anonymize it so that it no longer identifies you. We use this information in the same ways we use your information as described in this section.
Here are the ways we use your information:
To provide, personalize and improve our Products
We use information we have to provide and improve our
Products
. This includes personalizing features, content and
recommendations
, such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
, Stories and ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products). We use
information with special protections
you choose to provide for these purposes, but not to show you ads.
Read more about how we use information to provide, personalize and improve our Products:
How we show ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
How we use information to improve our Products
How we use location-related information
To promote safety, security and integrity
We use information we collect to help protect people from harm and provide safe, secure Products.
Learn more
To provide measurement, analytics and business services
Lots of people rely on our Products to run or promote their businesses or share content. We help them measure how well their ads and other content, products and services are working.
Learn more
To communicate with you
We communicate with you using information you've given us, like contact information you've entered on your profile.
Learn more
To research and innovate for social good
We use information we have, information from researchers and datasets from publicly available sources, professional groups and non-profit groups to conduct and support research.
Learn more
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
Highlights
On Meta Products
Learn more about the different cases when your information can be shared on our
Products
:
People and accounts you share and communicate with
Content others share or reshare about you
Public content
With integrated partners
You can choose to connect with
integrated partners
who use our Products. If you do, these integrated partners receive information about you and your activity.
These integrated partners can always access information that’s public on our Products. Learn more about other information they receive and how they handle your information:
When you use an integrated partner’s product or service
When you interact with someone else’s content on an integrated partner’s product or service
How integrated partners handle your information
Take control
Learn more about audiences
Privacy Center
Manage apps and websites
How do we share information with third parties?
Highlights
We don't sell any of your information to anyone, and we never will. We also require
partners
and other
third parties
to follow rules about how they can and cannot use and disclose the information we provide.
Here’s more detail about who we share information with:
Partners
Advertisers and Audience Network publishers (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
Partners who use our analytics services
Partners who offer goods or services on our Products and commerce services platforms
Integrated partners
Vendors
Measurement vendors
Marketing vendors
Service providers
Service providers
Third parties
External researchers
AI integrations
Other third parties
We also share information with other
third parties
in response to legal requests, to comply with applicable law or to prevent harm.
Read the Policy
.
And if we sell or transfer all or part of our business to someone else, in some cases we’ll give the new owner your information as part of that transaction, but only as the law allows.
How do the Meta Companies work together?
Highlights
We are part of the
Meta Companies
that provide Meta Company Products.
Meta Company Products
include all the
Meta Products
covered by this Policy, plus other products like WhatsApp and more.
We share information we collect, infrastructure, systems and technology with the other Meta Companies.
Learn more
about how we transfer information to other countries.
We also process information that we receive about you from other Meta Companies, according to their terms and policies and as permitted by applicable law. In some cases, Meta acts as a
service provider
for other Meta Companies. We act on their behalf and in accordance with their instructions and terms.
Why we share across the Meta Companies
Meta Products share information with other Meta Companies:
To promote safety, security and integrity and comply with applicable laws
To provide optional features and integrations
To understand how people use and interact with Meta Company Products
See some examples
of why we share.
More resources
Review the privacy policies of the other Meta Companies
Facebook Help Center
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
Highlights
Under applicable data protection law, companies must have a legal basis to process personal data. When we talk about "processing personal data," we mean the ways we collect, use and share your information, as we described in the other sections of this Policy above.
What is our legal basis?
You have the following rights under GDPR and other relevant data protection laws:
Access and correct information
Withdraw consent
Port your information
Download your information
Erase information
Object
Make a complaint
How long do we keep your information?
Highlights
We keep information as long as we need it to provide our Products, comply with legal obligations or protect our or other’s interests. We decide how long we need information on a case-by-case basis. Here’s what we consider when we decide:
If we need it to operate or provide our Products. For example, we need to keep some of your information to maintain your account.
Learn more
.
The feature we use it for, and how that feature works. For example, messages sent using Messenger’s vanish mode are retained for less time than regular messages.
Learn more
.
How long we need to retain the information to comply with certain legal obligations.
See some examples
.
If we need it for other legitimate purposes, such as to prevent harm; investigate possible violations of our terms or policies; promote safety, security and integrity; or protect ourselves, including our rights, property or products
In some instances and for specific reasons, we’ll keep information for an extended period of time.
Read our Policy
about when we may preserve your information.
How do we transfer information?
Highlights
Why is information transferred to other countries?
Where is information transferred?
How do we safeguard your information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
Highlights
We access, preserve, use and share your information:
In response to legal requests, like search warrants, court orders, production orders or subpoenas. These requests come from
third parties
such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
Learn more
about when we respond to legal requests.
In accordance with applicable law
To promote the safety, security and integrity of
Meta Products
, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
.
We may access or preserve your information for an extended amount of time.
Learn more
.
How will you know the Policy has changed?
We'll notify you before we make material changes to this Policy. You’ll have the opportunity to review the revised Policy before you choose to continue using our Products.
How to contact Meta with questions
You can learn more about how privacy works on
Facebook
and on
Instagram
, and in the
Facebook Help Center
. If you have questions about this Policy, or have questions, complaints or requests regarding your information, you can contact us as described below.
The data controller responsible for your information is Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, which you can
contact online
, or by mail at:
Meta Platforms Ireland Limited
ATTN: Privacy Operations
Merrion Road
Dublin 4
D04 X2K5, Ireland
Contact the Data Protection Officer
for Meta Platforms Ireland Limited.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with Meta Platforms Ireland's lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission, or your local supervisory authority.
Legal basis information
Consent
We process information as described below when you have given us your consent to do so, which we may ask through in-product experiences, to enable particular features, or to enable device-based settings. The categories of information we use and why and how they are processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Processing information with special protections that you provide so we can share it with those you choose, to provide, personalise and improve our Products and to undertake analytics.  We’ll collect, store, publish and apply automated, or sometimes manual, processing for these purposes.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Any information with special protections that you choose to provide, such as your religious views, your sexual orientation, political views, health, racial or ethnic origin, philosophical beliefs or trade union membership, or as part of surveys you choose to participate in, and where you have given your explicit consent
Personalizing ads on the Meta Products:
If we show you ads on Meta Products, including Meta Audience Network, depending on your
settings
, we will use your information across the account(s) in your Accounts Centre to show you ads, including using cookies, to personalize your ads and measure how those ads perform.
If we show you ads on Meta Products, our ads system automatically processes information that we've collected and stored associated with you. In accordance with your Ad settings, our ads system uses this information to understand your interests and your preferences and personalize your ads across the Meta Products.
Learn more
about your Ad settings.
Our ads system prioritizes what ad to show you based on what audience advertisers want to reach. Then we match the ad to people who might be interested.
Learn more
about how our ads system works.
Learn more
about how we choose the ads that you see.
You can change your choice at any time in your “Ad Preferences”.
Your activity and information that you provide
:
Content that you create, such as posts, comments or audio
Content that you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content, including ads, that you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features that you use and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions that you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you're doing on your device, such as whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users'
Device signals
Information that you've shared through your device settings (e.g. GPS location)
Information about the network that you connect your device to
Location-related  information
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Using information from partners, vendors and other third parties to tailor the ads you see: If we show you ads on Meta Products, with your consent we’ll use information that partners, vendors and other third parties provide us about activity off the Meta Products and that we have associated with you to personalize ads that we show you on the Meta Products, and on websites, apps and devices that use our advertising services. We receive this information whether or not you’re logged in or have an account on our Products, see the
Cookies Policy
for more information.
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request when you use some of our Products. For example, when you direct us we share your email address or other information that you might choose to share with an advertiser so that they can contact you with additional information about a promoted product. The type of third party and categories of information shared depend on the circumstances of what you ask us to share.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like your contact, profile or other information, like posts or comments
Collecting information that you allow us to receive through the device-based settings you enable (such as access to your GPS location, camera or photos) which we use to provide the features or services described when you enable the setting.
App, browser and device information
:
Information from device settings
Verifying your identity or account, or helping to protect against suspicious activity including impersonation and identity misuse, using face analysis which may include facial recognition technology if you select it.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Your account information, profile photo, or
your photo or video selfie, if you choose to provide it
When we process information that you provide to us based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. You also have the right to port that information you provide to us based on your consent. To exercise your rights, visit your device-based settings, and visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings and our Help Centers.
Performance of a contract
For all people who have the legal capacity to enter into an enforceable contract (for example, by being the age of majority or above in their country of residence), we process information as necessary to conclude and perform our contracts with you (the
Meta Terms
and
Instagram Terms
, the
Supplemental Meta Platforms Technologies Terms of Service
, the
Supplemental Portal Terms of Service
, the
Meta AI Terms of Service
and the
Supplemental Meta View Terms of Service
, together, the “terms"). The purposes for which we process information for our contracts, the categories of information we use and how information is processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Personalising the Meta Products (other than ads): Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories); and
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, and in some instances not only automated processing but also manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features,
Undertake analytics, and
Facilitate your purchases and payments on Meta Pay or other Meta checkout experiences.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts, identity and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the
Oversight Board
,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review and, in some cases, remove content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To communicate with you: We use information you’ve given us (like contact information on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
We’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your e-mail address to respond when you contact us.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Transferring, storing or processing your information globally. We share information we collect globally, both internally across our offices and data centers and externally with our partners, third parties and service providers. Because Meta is global, with users, partners and employees around the world, transfers are necessary to:
Operate and provide the services described in the terms that apply to the Meta Product(s) you are using. This includes allowing you to share information and connect with your family and friends around the globe; and
So we can fix, analyze and improve our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
We'll use the information we have to provide these services; if you choose not to provide certain information (other than limited account information which is necessary to create a
Facebook account
or an
Instagram account
), your experience using the Meta Products may be affected. For example, you may see less relevant recommendations on the Products, or your use of the Products may be restricted.
When we process information that you provide to us as necessary for concluding or performing our contracts with you, you have the right to port it under the GDPR. To exercise your rights, visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings, or learn more in our Help Centers.
Compliance with a legal obligation
The categories of information we use, why we process your information based on compliance with a legal obligation and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
For processing information when the law requires it: Where we are under an obligation to disclose information such as, for example, if we receive a valid legal request for certain information (such as an Irish search warrant), we will access, preserve and / or share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others.
The way in which the information will be processed depends on the specific circumstances, see
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and integrity?
for more.
Information for Law Enforcement Authorities
provides information on the operational guidelines law enforcement needs to follow.
Examples of Irish and EU laws enforceable in Ireland that could give rise to an obligation requiring us to process the information we hold about you are:
Civil and commercial matters: where we are in receipt of a court order or otherwise required to disclose information for the purposes of court proceedings, such as under Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters.
Criminal matters: to comply with requests from Irish law enforcement to provide information in relation to an investigation, such as under Section 10 of the Criminal Justice (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1997 as amended by 6(1)(a) of the Criminal Justice Act 2006, or to take steps to report information to law enforcement where required.
Consumer matters: to comply with our obligations under consumer law such as the Competition and Consumer Protection Act 2014.
Corporate and taxation matters: to comply with our obligations such as the Companies Act 2014.
Regulatory matters: to comply with our obligations to engage with regulators, such as the Data Protection Commission under the General Data Protection Regulation and the Data Protection Act 2018.
Financial matters: to comply with our obligations under applicable financial services law such as the European Union (Payment Services) Regulations 2018
View the
current list of laws
which are enforceable in Ireland that give rise to a legal obligation for Meta which results in the processing of information. New laws may be enacted or other obligations may become binding on our processing of your information which may require us to process your information and we will update this list from time to time.
The categories of information depend on the specific circumstances of each mandatory request or obligation. Only the information necessary to comply with the relevant legal obligation will be processed. For example, for civil matters, this will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information). However, depending on the circumstances it could include the following:
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Legitimate interests
We rely on our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third party, where they are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms ("legitimate interests"). The categories of information we use, the legitimate interests relied on and why and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Legitimate interests relied on
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
If you are a registered user of the Meta Products
For people under the age of majority (under 18, in most applicable countries) who have a limited ability to enter into an enforceable contract only, where we may be unable to process your information on the grounds of contractual necessity.
Personalising the Meta Products: Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
News Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories),
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Learn more
about how we use information about you to personalise your experience on and across Meta Products and how we choose the ads that you see.
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
(other than using partner data to tailor ads to you)
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, automated processing, and in some instances manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide advertising products,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features, and
Undertake analytics.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To enable people under the age of majority to use and connect to the Meta Products in an easy and intuitive manner.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public profile information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the Oversight Board,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review, and in some cases remove, content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on the Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
To secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, and to protect the safety of people under the age of majority, including to prevent exploitation or other harms to which such individuals may be particularly vulnerable.
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating with you:
We use information you have given us (like contact information you’ve entered on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
we’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your email address to respond to you when you contact us.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
For all people, including those under the age of majority
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and how their content is performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help users, businesses, and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their content, websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realise using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our other partners; and
In the interests of developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
If we show you ads on Meta Products:
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, advertisers and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, advertisers and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's ads, content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and ads, and how their content and ads are performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help businesses, advertisers and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, advertisers, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realize using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our advertisers and other partners; and
In the interests of advertisers, developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content and advertising on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating, engaging and sharing across the Meta Company Products:
To provide a seamless, consistent and richer, innovative, experience across the Meta Company Products and to enable cross app interactions, sharing, viewing and engaging with content, including posts and videos.
In our interest to provide seamless, consistent and richer, innovative communication, engagement and sharing experiences across Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Business intelligence and analytics:
To understand, in aggregate, your usage of and across our Products, to accurately count people and businesses; and
Validate metrics directly related to these, in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to adhere to (shareholder/earning) reporting obligations.
In our interest to measure the use of our Products and count the people who interact with our Products in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to enable provision of accurate and reliable reporting.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Location-related information
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you:
Depending on your settings, we’ll share marketing communications with you.
We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide, including your contact information like e-mail address
App, browser and device information
:
Device identifiers
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from researchers we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
For example, we analyse information that we have about migration patterns during crises. This helps relief organizations get aid to the right places.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation of information as well as manual (human) review, and share information, as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programmes.
In our interest and those of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Anonymising your information
In some cases, we anonymise information we have about you, such as your activity on and off our Products, and use the resulting information, for example, to provide and improve our Meta Products, including ads.
In our interest to fund our provision of the Meta Products, provide relevant advertising to users, and improve ads delivery and Meta Products;
In the interests of advertisers to help them to reach relevant audiences who may be interested in their information, products or services;
In the interests of users that Meta practice data minimisation and privacy by design in respect of their information
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to legal requests.
See
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promote safety, integrity and security in limited circumstances outside of the performance of our contracts with you:
Our Meta Products are delivered to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We apply automated processing, as well as manual (human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request:
You may choose to share your contact information, profile information and other data with our partners: The types of partners with whom information is shared depends on the features of our service that you use and the manner in which you choose to use them. For example, you may choose to share your email address, birthday, friends list, hometown or other information with a partner if you choose to connect your Facebook account to their app.
To deliver  quality experiences to users who use our partners’ apps, in our best interest and in the interest of our users.
To facilitate and improve users' experiences in their apps, in the interests of our partners who want to facilitate and improve consumers' experiences in their apps.
Information you provide (for example, your email address, birthday, friends’ list and hometown).
If you are using a device we cannot associate with a registered user of the Meta Products
Promote safety, integrity and security:
Our Meta Products are delivered in a manner to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We collect and store information we have for this purpose and apply automated processing and manual (i.e. human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and research and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users generally and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you: We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail address.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide including your contact information like your e-mail address
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from research partners we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programs.
In our interest and in the interest of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to
legal requests
.
See '
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
' for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Provide and improve our Products:
We use information we collect to:
Provide products and curate features
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To improve the Meta Company Products in a consistent manner, to correct technical glitches, and to optimise functionality.
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary to pursue our legitimate interests or those of a third party, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, such processing; to exercise your right, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings.
We will consider several factors when assessing an objection, including: our users' reasonable expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort. Unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons, your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
If you are under the age of majority in your country and there is no enforceable contract in place, we will take particular account of the fact that you are below the age of majority when conducting our assessment of our legitimate interests and the balancing  of your interests and rights. We provide specific protections for people below the age of majority to ensure that they are aware of the risks, consequences, safeguards and rights associated with the processing of their information.
Tasks carried out in the public interest
The purposes for which we anticipate processing your information as a task in the public interest, the processing we undertake, and the information we use is set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Undertaking research for social good:  We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to undertake research and other tasks in the public interest, such as sharing relevant research data with third parties like international organisations and academics both in and outside the EEA. The public interest is required to be laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Articles 168 and 179 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To promote safety, integrity and security: In limited fact specific circumstances, we will access, preserve and share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others where necessary to perform a task in the public interest. For example, we might share information with others for the purposes of combatting unlawful or harmful behaviour where it is in the public interest to do so and where the public interest is laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Section 53 of the Data Protection Act 2018 and Regulation (EU) 2021/1232.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from Partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary for a task carried out in the public interest, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, our processing. To exercise your rights, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings. In assessing an objection, we will consider several factors, including: our users' reasonable user expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort.
Your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information, unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
Protection of your vital interests or that of another person
The categories of information we use, why we process your information to protect your vital interests or those of another person and how it’s processed are set out below
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Protecting the vital interests of you and/or those of another person: We apply automated processing techniques, conduct manual (human) review and share information, including with law enforcement and others, in circumstances where someone’s vital interests require protection, such as in the case of emergencies. These vital interests include protection of your life, physical or mental health, wellbeing or integrity or that of others, and detecting, removing, and reporting illegal content. In protecting such vital interests we aim to combat harmful conduct and promote safety, integrity and security, including, for example, when we are investigating reports of harmful conduct or taking appropriate action, such as sharing information with relevant authorities, when someone needs help.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content,
subject to applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Sub-policy 2
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/data/en/apple-arcade/:
Choose another country or region to see content specific to your location and shop online.
Ireland
Ireland
Other country or region
Continue
Apple
Store
Shop the Latest
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
Accessories
Find a Store
Order Status
Apple Trade In
Financing
Personal Setup
Certified Refurbished
Education
Business
Veterans and Military
Government
Mac
Explore All Mac
MacBook Air
MacBook Pro
iMac
Mac mini
Mac Studio
Mac Pro
Displays
Compare Mac
Switch from PC to Mac
Shop Mac
Help Me Choose
Mac Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Mac Support
AppleCare+ for Mac
macOS Sequoia
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
Continuity
iCloud+
Mac for Business
Education
iPad
Explore All iPad
iPad Pro
iPad Air
iPad
iPad mini
Apple Pencil
Keyboards
Compare iPad
Why iPad
Shop iPad
iPad Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
iPad Support
AppleCare+ for iPad
iPadOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iCloud+
Education
iPhone
Explore All iPhone
iPhone 16 Pro
iPhone 16
iPhone 16e
iPhone 15
Compare iPhone
Switch from Android
Shop iPhone
iPhone Accessories
Apple Trade In
Carrier Deals at Apple
Financing
iPhone Support
AppleCare+ for iPhone
iOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iPhone Privacy
iCloud+
Wallet, Pay, Card
Siri
Watch
Explore All Apple Watch
Apple Watch Series 10
Apple Watch Ultra 2
Apple Watch SE
Apple Watch Nike
Apple Watch Hermès
Compare Watch
Why Apple Watch
Shop Apple Watch
Apple Watch Studio
Apple Watch Bands
Apple Watch Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Apple Watch Support
AppleCare+
watchOS 11
Apple Watch For Your Kids
Apps by Apple
Apple Fitness+
Vision
Explore Apple Vision Pro
Guided Tour
Tech Specs
Shop Apple Vision Pro
Apple Vision Pro Accessories
Book a Demo
Financing
Apple Vision Pro Support
AppleCare+
visionOS 2
AirPods
Explore All AirPods
AirPods 4
AirPods Pro 2
AirPods Max
Compare AirPods
Shop AirPods
AirPods Accessories
AirPods Support
AppleCare+ for Headphones
Hearing Health
Apple Music
TV & Home
Explore TV & Home
Apple TV 4K
HomePod
HomePod mini
Shop Apple TV 4K
Shop HomePod
Shop HomePod mini
Shop Siri Remote
TV & Home Accessories
Apple TV Support
HomePod Support
AppleCare+
Apple TV app
Apple TV+
Home app
Apple Music
Siri
AirPlay
Entertainment
Explore Entertainment
Apple One
Apple TV+
Apple Music
Apple Arcade
Apple Fitness+
Apple News+
Apple Podcasts
Apple Books
App Store
Apple TV+ Support
Apple Music Support
Accessories
Shop All Accessories
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
TV & Home
Made by Apple
Beats by Dr. Dre
AirTag
Support
iPhone
Mac
iPad
Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Music
TV
Explore Support
Community
Check Coverage
Repair
Get AppleCare+
Apple Account and Password
Billing & Subscriptions
Accessibility
Find a Store
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Apple Intelligence
Apple Trade In
0
+
Legal
Open Menu
Close Menu
Hardware
Software
Sales & Support
Internet Services
Intellectual Property
More Resources
English
Choose your preferred language
We collect your personal data so that we can provide you the content you purchase, download, or want to update.
We also use information about your account, purchases, and downloads in the App Store and Arcade to offer advertising to ensure that ads on the App Store, Apple News, and Stocks, where available, are relevant to you. You have choices with respect to this advertising, as described below.
We use information about your gaming activity, purchases, downloads, and other activity in the App Store and Arcade to tailor features and offer personalized recommendations for you. You can opt out of the use of this data for this purpose, as described below.
To help identify and prevent fraud, information about how you use your device, including the approximate number of phone calls or emails you send and receive, will be used to compute a device trust score when you attempt to subscribe. The submissions are designed so Apple cannot learn the real values on your device. The scores are stored for a fixed time on our servers.
To find ways to improve the App Store and Arcade, we use information about your App Store browsing, purchases, searches, and downloads. These records are stored with IP address, a random unique identifier (where that arises), and Apple Account when you are signed in to a store.
Apple Arcade is designed from the ground up to protect your privacy. We work hard to collect only the data we need to make your experience better. When we do collect data, we believe it’s important for you to know what we’re collecting and why we need it, so you can make informed choices.
Providing Apple Arcade
Apple uses your personal data to provide the services and features in Apple Arcade. This information includes your account and payment information, which you can access and change in Settings or System Settings, and your App Store purchase history.
As a convenience for you, Apple Arcade uses iCloud to keep aspects of your experience up to date on all of your devices. For example, Apple Arcade will use iCloud to sync your progress in a game across your devices. You can disable this capability at any time by turning off iCloud for Arcade games in Settings on your iOS, iPadOS, or visionOS device or in System Settings on Mac. If a game developer uses iCloud backup, your game progress will still be backed up to iCloud if you have enabled iCloud Backup.
When you sign in to Game Center, Apple will receive your gameplay activity, including scores and achievements, challenges, and multiplayer gameplay. Additionally, your Arcade subscription state is visible to all Game Center users. You can learn more about Game Center and privacy by going to
www.apple.com/legal/privacy/data/en/game-center
.
Improving and Personalizing Apple Arcade
Apple collects limited information about the games you play each week associated with your Apple Account. We also collect certain non-personal data about your gameplay activity that is not associated with your Apple Account. We use the information we collect to improve and optimize Apple Arcade for you and others, and to personalize your experience in Apple Arcade and the App Store to help you discover the content that’s most relevant to you. For example, we recommend games that we think will be of interest to you based on games you’ve previously played or purchased in the App Store. Personalization features can be disabled by turning off Personalized Recommendations for your Apple Account in the App Store Settings.
Communicating with You
Apple may use information about your account, such as the Apple products you own and your subscriptions to Apple services, to send you communications about Apple Arcade and other Apple products, services, and offers that may be of interest to you, including Apple One. Your device serial number may be used to check eligibility for service offers. If you are in a Family Sharing group, Apple may send you communications about products, services, and offers available to you through Family Sharing. If you purchase an Apple One subscription, we may send you emails and push notifications about the features of each of the services for which you have subscribed. Apple may also use information about your activity within the App Store and Arcade to send you emails and push notifications about new features, content, and offers available in the App Store and Arcade. You can change your email preferences and opt out of receiving these emails by going to
account.apple.com
. To update your notification preferences on your iOS, iPadOS, or visionOS device, go to Settings > Notifications > App Store. Apple uses information about your interactions with our communications, including notifications, to improve our services.
Sharing with Third Parties
We provide aggregated, non-personal data about gaming activity to Apple Arcade content providers, so that they can assess and improve player engagement with their game.
If your mobile network provider offers Apple Arcade subscriptions and free trials, Apple may check your phone number to determine if you are eligible through a mobile network provider partner. If you signed up through your mobile network provider, your phone number is used to identify your account and to let the mobile network provider know that you have activated your subscription. We will use the phone number associated with your subscription to verify your account at sign in and to connect your Apple Arcade subscription with your account.
Data Collection by Third-Party Content Providers
Content providers that provide Arcade games are required to obtain your permission to collect your personal data. Content providers may use your personal data only for the purposes they state when obtaining your permission. You should review the Apple Arcade content providers’ terms, privacy policies, and practices to understand how they collect and use your data.
Advertising
If the Personalized Ads setting is turned on, Apple’s advertising platform may use your information to serve ads that are more relevant to you. We may use information about the Arcade apps you download to ensure that ads on the App Store, Apple News, and Stocks are relevant. If you do not want to receive ads targeted to your interests from Apple’s advertising platform, you can choose to turn off Personalized Ads. Turning off Personalized Ads will prevent Apple from using your information for ad targeting. It may not decrease the number of ads you receive, but the ads may be less relevant to you.
Learn more about Apple Advertising & Privacy at
www.apple.com/legal/privacy/data/en/apple-advertising
.
Learn how to opt out of personalized ads on the App Store, Apple News, and Stocks at
support.apple.com/105131
.
Applicable Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data
We process your personal data in Apple Arcade generally for performance of your contract with Apple as necessary for providing the service and to comply with our legal obligations. Where consent is the appropriate legal basis, we seek it in accordance with applicable local law.
Where applicable local law provides, we process the following categories of personal data as necessary for purposes of our legitimate interests or those of a third party, including information about:
Your use of Apple Arcade
Your account, such as your subscriptions to Apple services, your purchases and downloads, and whether you are in a Family Sharing Group
The games you play each week
These legitimate interests include:
Optimizing and improving the service for you and others
Helping you to discover content that’s most relevant to you
Sending you communications about Apple Arcade and other related Apple products, services, and offers that may be of interest to you, including Apple One
Providing reporting for content providers
Preventing fraud and other malicious activity
Retention
We retain personal data associated with your transactions, downloads, and gameplay activity in Apple Arcade only for as long as we have a business need, contractual obligation, or legal requirement. Some information, such as subscription purchase history but not your stored card details, may be retained as business records even after you close your account or unsubscribe from Apple Arcade. In regions such as China, that period can be 30 years.
Family Sharing
When you subscribe to Apple Arcade, the subscription is available to the other members of your Family. With Content & Privacy Restrictions in Screen Time, you can limit time spent in specific apps and block features on your child’s device. You can also restrict the settings on iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, or Apple Vision Pro for explicit content, purchases and downloads, and privacy. If you do not want to share an Arcade subscription with your family members, you can disable Purchase Sharing. On your iOS or iPadOS device, go to Settings > [your name] > Family Sharing > Purchase Sharing. On Mac, go to System Settings > [your name] > Family Sharing > Purchase Sharing.
Preventing Fraud and Other Malicious Activity
We collect personal data to prevent fraud and other malicious activity in Apple Arcade and other Apple apps and services. This information includes device information, such as device type and software version, location information (approximated by matching the IP address of your internet connection to a geographic region, if available), download and purchase history, searches, and other interactions with Apple Arcade and other apps and services.
We may also compute a device trust score on your device when you attempt to subscribe, using information about how you use your device, including the approximate number of phone calls or emails you send and receive. The submission is designed so Apple cannot learn the underlying values on your device. The score is stored for a fixed time on our servers.
At all times, information collected by Apple will be treated in accordance with Apple’s Privacy Policy, which can be found at
www.apple.com/privacy
Published Date: September 20, 2024