This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.
Learn more
Got it!
Step Challenge
For Workplaces
Create a corporate step challenge as part of your employee wellbeing program and get everyone more active!
Corporate step Challenge
For Charities
Link up directly with JustGiving or use your own custom platform to raise money via a charity step challenge
Charity Step Challenge
For Public Sector
Engage your community or employee groups with a virtual walking challenge around the world.
Public Sector Challenge
Step Challenge Apps
Available via the web as well as iPhone and Android apps.
Challenge Apps
Features
Challenge Types
Teams Vs Teams
One Big Challenge
+ view our virtual walk Ideas
Features
Virtual Routes
iPhone and Android App
Leaderboards
Team Chat
Sync from Fitbit, Garmin & more
+ View All Features
Fundraising
Connect to JustGiving
Create your own Fundraiser
Pricing
Resources
Learn about Step Challenges
View all of our Virtual Routes
Download free resources
and more
Go To Resource Hub
Resource Quick Links
FAQs
Virtual Routes
Downloads
Step Conversion Chart
How users join a challenge
Step Challenge Apps
iPhone App
Android App
Contact
Create CHallenge
Create your own step challenge
Step challenges are a fun and easy way to get your team happy, moving and motivated in the workplace.
Convert your walking, running and other activities into distance along one of our 300+ virtual routes.
Step CHallenge Features
Talk to a real person
View Screenshots
Our website as well as our iPhone and Android apps allow your participants to get into teams, track their daily step count, compete on leaderboards and move themselves along one of our
300+ virtual maps
.
Creating a fun health initiative is a simple and cost effective way to engage with your employees and increase motivation in the workplace, not to mention that it's a great way of boosting mental and physical wellbeing. With the addition of achievements and team leaderboards you can now help encourage some friendly competition between your teams!
Getting started takes a few minutes and we'll always be happy to help answer any questions you might have about the system.
corporate step challenges
Sign up
1
Tree
Planted for every 10 active participants that sign up to your challenge
22,943
Trees planted so far
18
Trees
On average planted for every challenge
Learn more about our green initiative with Ecologi
In order to help encourage some friendly rivalry in your challenge you can choose to enable several different leaderboards for teams and individuals. These will allow your users to keep track of their team's overall position, their individual progress and even create a leaderboard of their favourite teams.
Departments, locations or other 'segments' can also now compete against each other in their own unique leaderboards.
‍
Watch the video below to find out more.
When you set up your challenge you can choose to enable one leaderboard or all three, it's entirely up to you and what you think works best for your workplace.
Teams: Total Distance
‍
A list of all of your teams as well as their total distances.
Teams: Average Distance
This also displays all of your teams, but this time displays their average total based on the number of people on their team.
So a team of 3 can compete evenly against a team of 10.
Individuals: Total Distance
Instead of displaying all of the teams, this leaderboard shows all of the individual users from every team.
Yes!
Perhaps you wish to create some competition between teams in different locations, divisions or departments?
You can specify a list of segments when creating your challenge and each team will be required to select their appropriate segment. You can then display leaderboards based on those segments.
For example, you may wish to have all of the teams in the Finance division compete against the teams in the Communications division. Team segments allow you to do just that. Additionally, you can also allow all of the teams within the Finance division to run an internal competition amongst themselves.
All of our step challenges track your daily progress along a virtual route that stops off at interesting and unusual milestones along the way.
We've had a great response from our users explaining how much they enjoy learning about somewhere new around the world, all while they get out their daily exercise.
View our virtual walking routes
With our two challenge modes 'Teams Vs Teams' or 'One Big Challenge', you can choose to set up your step challenge so that each team is either competing against each other, or working together to combine all of their steps.
Teams Vs Teams
(most popular)
Our most popular mode and the easiest to set up; Teams vs Teams allows your participants to get into smaller teams and compete against each other on a leaderboard. This mode is a fun way to build some friendly competition and inspire daily physical activity.
One Big Challenge
All of your participants still get into teams, but now every team's total is pooled together to move everyone along the virtual map at the same time. This is a great way of seeing more of the world as you can cover much greater distances together!
Read more about our challenge modes:
Teams Vs Teams
One Big Challenge
5 Day Free Trial
for up to 10 users
Interested in running your own step challenge?
Get in touch
today to speak with our team about setting up a short 5 day trial for up to 10 users.
18
Trees
On average planted for every challenge
We're constantly trying to improve Big Team Challenge and enhance the experience of both you–as the organiser–and that of your participants. Our ultimate goal is to create a system that is easy to use, fun to engage with and helps to build a healthy attitude towards daily exercise.
This video shows just some of the unique features we can offer, such as fitness tracker syncing, Fitbit integration, team invites and virtual maps.
Let us help get your teams more active this year with a daily step count challenge.
Participants track their daily activities, such as walking to work, jogging around the park, or taking the dog out for a walk, and convert those steps into progress along a virtual route around the world.
When you set up your challenge you will choose which route your participants are aiming to complete.
We have over 300 routes to choose from!
View our virtual routes
We've helped organise step challenges for companies all over the world, from small independent companies in the UK, to tech giants in Silicon Valley.
With over 200,000 users logging distances, we've got a pretty good track record of delivering a lasting change to users around the globe.
‍
Here are just a few of the nice things they've had to say about how Big Team Challenge helped engage with their workforce and helped everyone stay motivated.
Read more reviews
UPS
"It was a big success and it contributed very well to the well-being of our employees, definitely recommend it!"
CSSC
"We organised a custom Around-the-World challenge route with 71 milestones as part of our Active Wellbeing initiative for Civil Servants and public sector workers. The challenge was a huge success with over 7,000 active participants."
Nestlé
"...I would wholeheartedly recommend Big Team Challenge to any company who wants to build their team spirit."
Free Now
"...a game-changer that made us work hard and have fun at the same time while building team spirit..."
NHS Dumfries & Galloway
"Big Team Challenge respond quickly and efficiently to any questions providing excellent support before, during and after the challenge."
Domino's Pizza
"What a great challenge – the feedback from the entire team has been incredibly positive and we all enjoyed it very much."
Here are just a few of the customers we've helped make a lasting change to since we began in 2015.
We have over
300 routes
to choose from, that go everywhere from London and Rome, to Route 66 and the Great Wall of China! Whether you're walking 10,000 steps a day or 1,000, we’re pretty sure you’ll find something on Big Team Challenge to suit you and your teams.
Just a few of our favourite routes you can choose from
The United Kingdom
Step Count
2420252
Steps
Distance (km)
1659
KMs
Description
Marvel at some of the United Kingdom’s most remarkable natural and man-made wonders in this walk from the islands of the north to the very southern coastline. Prepare to be amazed!
United States of America
Step Count
31554002
Steps
Distance (km)
21639
KMs
Description
United States of America: An awesome walk through all 48 contiguous states (apologies to Alaska and Hawaii) of this amazing, diverse country; the fourth largest In the world, covering a vast swath of North America.
Walk Europe
Step Count
6925895
Steps
Distance (km)
4749
KMs
Description
Looking for a challenge? Well this might be it - an epic walk through nine countries taking you across Europe from east to west; all the way from the boundary between Europe and Asia, to the tip of northwest Spain and the Atlantic Ocean.
Explore all of our 300+ routes
Every organisation works differently, so your fitness challenges should reflect that.
Big Team Challenge is a flexible system that allows you to tailor it to your needs, whether that is for an employee fitness challenge or a charity fundraiser.
Corporate Step Challenge
An employee step challenge is a great way to motivate staff and increase employee wellbeing within your company
Corporate
Charity Fundraiser
Big Team Challenge is an ideal opportunity to fundraise and engage with your audience as a charity
Charity
Public Sector Challenge
Exercise challenges are a fun way to boost your staff activity or engage with your community group
Public Sector
We're always working on new ways to make our walking and activity challenges as fun and engaging to use as possible. Here are just a few of the features that are included in all of our challenges.
Virtual Maps
Map your real world activity along the virtual route!
Sync Steps
Track steps manually or with a smart device.
Different Activites
Convert over 100 activities into a step count.
Leaderboards
Create some friendly competition between teams.
See the World
All of our virtual routes use real world locations.
Challenge Modes
Choose to compete or
co-operate!
Teams
Build trust and motivation in small teams.
Free User Support
We're here to help your users get connected.
Get an instant quote
Learn more about step challenges
x
You can visit our demo challenge via the web or using our Challenge App for iPhone and Android.
step challenge website address:
demo.bigteamchallenge.com
‍
Email:
demo@bigteamchallenge.com
Password:
password
Sometimes it's just a little easier to have a human talk you through pricing and all the ways you can customise your own step challenge.
Name
Email Address
How many participants do you think you'll have?
How long would you like it to last?
up to 6 weeks
up to 12 weeks
Organisation Name
What Is Your Organisation?
Business
Charity
Public Body
Other
Currency
GBP
EUR
USD
Other
Additional Info
Additional Info
By submitting this form you agree to our
privacy policy
Thank you! Your submission has been received!
Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://app.bigteamchallenge.com/privacy:
Privacy Policy
Last updated: 23rd May 2024
This page sets out our privacy policy, including how we collect and process data received from you on our website and mobile apps.
This privacy policy references the UK GDPR. For the avoidance of doubt, this relates to the UK version of the EU General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679, concerning the protection of natural persons with regards to the processing of personal data.
We have made every effort to keep our policy clear, open and simple - please read carefully to understand our practices and policies regarding your personal data.
Who controls and processes your data
The Big Team Challenge website, iOS and Android apps (collectively “Big Team Challenge”) are a commercial product and service operated by Team Challenge Apps Ltd., a company incorporated in Scotland under the UK Companies Act 2006 with company registration number SC517746. Team Challenge Apps Ltd processes your data either as a controller in its own right or, when on behalf of our customers, as a processor.
Our ICO registration number is ZA217779.
Our contact details are:
Website Address:
https://bigteamchallenge.com
.
Company Name: Team Challenge Apps Ltd.
Registered Address: Team Challenge Apps Ltd, Unit 12, 69 Dixon Rd, Glasgow, Scotland, G42 8AT.
Our Data Protection Officer is David Rushton who can be contacted at privacy@bigteamchallenge.com
What we may collect
We may collect and process the following data about you through our website and mobile apps:
Information you put into forms and input fields.
A record of any correspondence between us.
Details of transactions you carry out through our site, as an organiser.
Details of visits to our sites and the features you use.
Information about your device (e.g. your IP address, web browser, operating system) for system administration, debugging and aggregate reporting.
We take the privacy and security of your data seriously, and we are bound under UK GDPR to ensure that your personal data is processed lawfully, fairly and transparently, without adversely affecting your rights. We will only process your personal data if at least one of the following core bases applies:
You have given consent to the processing of your personal data for one or more specific purposes;
Processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or in order to take steps at the request of you prior to entering into a contract;
Processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject;
Processing is necessary to protect the vital interests of you or of another person;
Processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the controller; and/or
Processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us or by a third party such as our payment processors, except where such interests are overridden by the fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject which require protection of personal data. Our legitimate interests are namely to provide the service to you.
We are processing the data as processor on behalf of your challenge organiser, being the controller (in such case it would be the latter’s responsibility to have one of the appropriate lawful bases as listed above)
Health Connect
Our Android app gives you the option to connect with the Health Connect health-tracking platform. We use this to collect and process your step count data, but we will only collect this data while we have your permission to do so. This feature can be disabled by you at any time and we will only attempt to collect new data while the app is running. Our use of the information received from Health Connect will adhere to the
Health Connect by Android Permissions
, including the Limited Use requirements.
Cookies
Our website uses cookies or similar technology to collect information about your access to the site. Cookies are pieces of information that include a unique reference code that a website transfers to your device to store and sometimes track information about you.
A few of the cookies we use last only for the duration of your web session and expire when you close your browser. Other cookies are used to remember you when you return to the site and will last for longer. As well as cookies set by us, we also enable cookies set by the following third parties: Google Analytics and Intercom.
You can prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser. Please note however, that by blocking or deleting cookies you may not be able to take full advantage of the site.
Our cookies will be used for:
Essential session management
Creating a specific log-in session for a user of the site in order that the site remembers that a user is logged in and that their page requests are delivered in an effective, secure and consistent manner;
Recognising when a user of the site has visited before allowing us to identify the number of unique users we receive to the site and make sure we have enough capacity for the number of users that we get;
Recognising if a visitor to the site is registered with us in any way;
Logging information from your computer including the existence of cookies, your IP address and information about your browser program in order to allow us to diagnose problems, administer and track your usage of our site.
Functionality
Customising elements of the promotional layout and/or content of the pages of the site;
Displaying our live chat and help widget and your conversation history with us;
Determining whether to show current service issues or incidents.
Performance and measurement
Collecting statistical information about how our users use the site so that we can improve the site and learn which parts are most popular to users.
How we use the data we collect
We use information about you to:
Present site content effectively to you.
Carry out our service with you and your challenge users.
Tell you about our service, updates and features.
If you don't want to be contacted with updates, please tick the relevant box that you will find within your settings.
If you don't want to be contacted with updates, please tick the relevant box that you will find within your settings.
In addition, if you don’t want us to use your personal data for any of the other reasons set out in this section and policy, you can let us know at any time by contacting us at privacy@bigteamchallenge.com, and we may delete your data from our systems. However, you acknowledge this will limit our ability to provide our services to you, both now and in the future.
In some cases, the collection of personal data may be a statutory or contractual requirement, and we will be limited in the services we can provide you if you don’t provide your personal data in these cases.
Your personal information, including name, email address and all other profile information, will be passed to the data controller / challenge organiser – (i.e. the organisation, business or group which purchased the licence for your use of Big Team Challenge) . We are not liable for the organiser’s use of your data outside of our system, and you should contact them if you have any concerns about their use of your data.
Where we store your data
We store your collected data on servers within the United Kingdom and European Economic Area (EEA). Your data may, however, be transferred and processed outside of the UK and EEA to countries which are not governed by data protection laws equivalent to the UK GDPR - e.g. for email delivery services. We make every reasonable effort to keep your data secure. In addition, we adopt appropriate safeguards to require that your data will remain protected and your rights are upheld. These may include implementing the relevant standard contractual clauses, or entering into international data transfer agreements, prescribed by the appropriate regulatory body, anonymisation, or limiting transfers to those countries deemed as providing an adequate level of protection of personal information.
We do not store or transmit confidential payment information - instead this is handled directly by our payment processor and exchanged for a secure token.
We only keep your personal data for as long as we need to in order to use it as described above, and/or for as long as we have your permission to keep it.
In respect of users on Big Team Challenge, it is our policy to retain user data in our systems until termination of our agreement with the challenge organisation to which the user relates. After termination, we then delete – or at least render anonymous – that user data. We may delete such user data sooner upon request.
When we disclose your information
We disclose your data and personal information in the following cases:
If our company is purchased, we will disclose your information to the buyer.
We disclose and present your information to the challenge organiser - i.e. the organisation, business or group which purchased the licence for your use of Big Team Challenge.
We can disclose if we have a legal obligation to do so, or in order to protect other people’s property, safety or rights.
We can exchange information with others to protect against fraud or criminal activity.
We also contract trusted third parties to supply certain services in order for us to provide Big Team Challenge to you. These may include payment processing, search index tools, reporting, email delivery providers and our accounting software. In some cases, third parties may require access to some or all of your data and personal information. Where any of your data is required for such a purpose, we will take all reasonable steps to ensure that your data is handled safely, securely and in accordance with your rights, our obligations and the obligations of the third party under UK GDPR and any applicable data protection laws.
Third parties we use which may have access to some of your information include:
Accounting Software: Freeagent (freeagent.com)
Data Storage, Backups, Email Inbox + Analytics: Google Cloud / Google Workspace / Google Analytics (google.com)
Data Storage, Hosting, Backups, Email Inbox + Server Management: Cloud Above / SW Broadband (cloudabove.com)
Data Storage, Hosting, Backups + Email Delivery: Amazon Web Services (aws.amazon.com)
Data Storage, Hosting + Backups: UpCloud (upcloud.com)
Email Delivery: Postmark / ActiveCampaign, LLC (postmarkapp.com)
Email Support / Chat: Intercom / Intercom R&D Unlimited Company (intercom.com)
Email Support / Chat: Crisp IM SAS (crisp.chat)
Error Handling: Sentry / Functional Software, Inc (sentry.io)
Internal Communication: JIRA / Atlassian, Inc. (atlassian.com)
Internal Communication: Twist / Doist Inc. (twistapp.com)
Internal Issue / Project Management: Linear / Linear Orbit, Inc. (linear.app)
Optional Mobile Debug Logging: ShipBook (shipbook.io)
Password Management: 1Password / AgileBits, Inc. (1password.eu)
Payments: Stripe (stripe.com)
Website Contact Form Processing: Zapier (zapier.com)
Security + Firewall: Cloudflare (cloudflare.com)
Spam Filtering: Akismet / Automattic Inc (akismet.com)
Your rights
You can ask us not to use your data for communications or marketing. You can do this by ticking the relevant boxes on our forms, or by contacting us at any time at privacy@bigteamchallenge.com
Under the UK GDPR, you have the right to:
Request access to, deletion of or correction of, your personal data held by us at no cost to you;
Request that your personal data be transferred to another person (data portability);
Be informed of what data processing is taking place;
Restrict processing;
Object to processing of your personal data; and
Complain to the relevant supervisory authority.
To enforce any of the foregoing rights or if you have any other questions about our site or this Privacy Policy, please contact us at privacy@bigteamchallenge.com.
Links to other sites
Please note that our terms and conditions and our policies will not apply to other websites that you visit via a link from our site, nor to websites who link to our service. We have no control over how your data is collected, stored or used by other websites and we advise you to check the privacy policies of any such websites before providing any data to them.
Changes to this policy
If we change our Privacy Policy, we will post the changes on this page. If the way we use your data changes substantially, we may notify you the next time you login or use our service.
2024-05-23 - Added Akismet / Automattic Inc to third party processors.
2024-04-25 - Clarified that Google (Workspace) used for Email Inbox.
2024-02-15 - Updated Google Fit section to reference Health Connect.
2024-02-15 - Added Linear to third party processors.
2024-02-15 - Removed Microsoft Teams from third party processors.
2023-10-13 - Added Crisp IM SAS to third party processors.
2023-10-13 - Removed Digital Ocean from third party processors.
2023-03-13 - Added UpCloud to third party processors.
2023-03-13 - Added Cloudflare to third party processors.
2022-10-03 - Removed Laravel Forge from third party processors.
2022-10-03 - Added Microsoft Teams and AWS to third party processors.
2022-10-03 - Updated privacy policy wording.
2021-01-27 - Updated storage clause to clarify servers within United Kingdom and EEA, post Brexit.
2021-02-16 - Removed Linode from third party processors.
2021-02-16 - Added Twist, JIRA and Monday.com to third party processors.
2021-03-18 - Added Ship Book to third party processors.
2021-03-18 - Clarified that AWS and Digital Ocean both used for data storage, hosting and backups.
2021-04-09 - Added Fathom Analytics and 1Password to third party processors.
2021-04-09 - Updated Google to include Data Storage.
2021-04-09 - Removed Zendesk from third party processors.
2021-04-20 - Added Google Fit usage section.
2021-06-01 - Removed Fathom Analytics from third party processors.
2021-07-08 - Updated Google to include Backups
2021-07-08 - Updated Cloud Above to include Data Storage, Hosting, Backups.
2021-07-16 - Removed Amazon Web Services from third party processors.
2021-07-16 - Removed Monday.com from third party processors.