Boost Team Culture
with Unlimited Access to Icebreakers, Escape Rooms, & More
Access as low as $2 per user per month
Book a Demo
Explore Events
No signup required to browse!
9.2
rated by
90K+
customers in 100+ countries
Hundreds of Unique Experiences to Choose From
Here are a few select categories:
Featured Events
Explore our curated collection of monthly themes that reflect the vibrant tapestry of current moments
DEI
Promote DEI and create a stronger sense of belonging within teams with our inclusive experiences.
Celebrations
Celebrate the big and small victories, personal milestones, and professional achievements with your team.
Icebreakers
Kickstart conversations and spark connections with fun and interactive icebreaker activities.
Team Building
Strengthen team connections by laughing and collaborating together in unique team-building experiences.
Stress Free 1:1
Engage in low stress activities designed to build rapport with as few as two people.
Explore Events
No signup required to browse!
The Luna Park Experience is Totally Unique
Your Team Has Never Experienced Anything Like It
Unlike Zoom everyone is able to communicate freely
Fully interactive experience;  Graded in real time
We host, so you can participate with your team
🤫 The Secret Sauce Of Luna Park:
Empowering Your Managers
By giving your team
unlimited
access to a library of hundreds of events through our membership, 
you can empower your managers to run their own social engagement experiences.
Our Members see a 700% increase in social engagement for their teams!
Based on data from over 1000 companies
Leah Knobler
VP of People
“If your team isn't using Luna Park you're missing out on an easy way to build camaraderie that scales with your team and is asynchronous.”
As A Member, You’ll Gain Access to Our
Slack Integration!
Luna Park Slack App
From Intros that randomly pairs your team, to celebrations that automates birthdays and anniversaries, to Water Cooler convos, that automates chat prompts, we’ve got you covered with a suite of Slack tools to supplement your synchronous experiences.
Learn More
Other Benefits Include
The platform is indispensable for Remote, Hybrid and Distributed teams
Fresh Content Weekly
Available 24/7
Half the price. Twice the quality!
24/7 Support
Internationally Friendly
Solutions for every team
Building a connected and engaged team, especially in hybrid and remote settings, can be challenging. Dive into the experiences of our customers and discover how Luna Park's innovative engagement platform can help you bridge the gap.
Jessica D’Aleo
People & Operations Coordinator
I really love the product, some of my colleagues even boasted about Luna Park in our companies engagement survey and how great it has been for coworking!
Darren Murphy
Future of Work Architect
Our team spent an hour today laughing, thinking, dancing, and celebrating...The whole thing was a fantastic injection of energy in the middle of a workweek
Katherine Mayo
Director of Operations
With a hybrid workforce it can be really difficult to engage all employees at the same level. Luna Park takes a lot of pressure off the People team and puts it in the hands of every employee effortlessly.
Engaging tools that teams adopt seamlessly, utilize effectively, and love deeply.
10k+
Experiences
Hosted
106
Countries
Connected
90k+
Happy Members
9.2
Rating
Foster a culture people love regardless of where they work in the world
Explore Events