About
Third Line LLC is a developer of cutting-edge iOS apps.
Our flagship app, MarketSim, has over a million users and is one of the highest-ranked apps in its category.
App Store
How can we help?
– Select App –
MarketSim
StreetWise
Submit
Privacy Policy for Third Line LLC
Effective Date: October 19, 2023
Introduction
Third Line LLC ("we," "us," or "our") values your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal information. This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, use, disclose, and safeguard the personal information you provide when using our mobile applications, MarketSim and StreetWise, (collectively referred to as "Apps"). By downloading, accessing, or using our Apps, you consent to the practices described in this policy.
Information We Collect
We may collect the following types of information when you use our Apps:
1.
Usage Data:
We collect information about how you use our Apps, including but not limited to device information, log data, and interactions with the Apps.
2.
Advertising and Analytics Data:
Our Apps may collect information for advertising and analytics purposes, such as device identifiers, advertising identifiers, and data related to ad impressions.
3.
Cookies and Tracking Technologies:
We may use cookies and similar tracking technologies to collect information about your interactions with our Apps.
How We Use Your Information
We use the information we collect for various purposes, including but not limited to:
1.
Personalization:
To personalize your experience by displaying content, offers, and ads that may be of interest to you.
2.
Analytics:
To analyze usage patterns, understand how our Apps are used, and make data-driven improvements.
3.
Advertising:
To deliver and measure the effectiveness of advertising and marketing campaigns within our Apps.
Sharing Your Information
We may share certain information with AdMob and Firebase (Google) for the purpose of advertising and analytics within our Apps. Google may collect and process this information to provide us with advertising and analytics services. This information may include, but is not limited to:
-
Advertising Identifiers:
Your device's advertising identifier, which allows us to deliver more relevant ads.
-
Analytics Data:
Data related to your interactions with the Apps, which helps us understand user behavior and improve our services.
We ensure that the information shared with Google is used in compliance with our commitment to user privacy and the terms outlined in this Privacy Policy. By using our Apps, you consent to the sharing of this information with Google for the purposes of advertising and analytics as described above. To learn more about how Google may use your information, visit:
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners
.
Your Choices
You have the option of opting out of interest-based advertising by selecting "limit ad tracking" in the Apps. You may also be able to opt-out of some, but not all, interest-based advertising served by mobile ad networks by visiting [http:// youradchoices.com/appchoices](http:// youradchoices.com/appchoices) and downloading the mobile AppChoices app.
Security
We take reasonable measures to protect your personal information from unauthorized access and disclosure. However, no method of data transmission or storage is entirely secure, and we cannot guarantee absolute security.
Children's Privacy
Our Apps are not intended for individuals under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect or maintain information from anyone under 13 years of age.
Changes to This Policy
The Owner reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by notifying its Users on this page and possibly within this Application and/or - as far as technically and legally feasible - sending a notice to Users via any contact information available to the Owner. It is strongly recommended to check this page often, referring to the date of the last modification listed at the bottom.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or the data we collect, please contact us at
contact@thirdlinellc.com
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Many websites and apps use Google services to improve their content and keep it free. When they integrate our services, these sites and apps share information with Google.
For example, when you visit a website that uses advertising services like AdSense, including analytics tools like Google Analytics, or embeds video content from YouTube, your web browser automatically sends certain information to Google. This includes the URL of the page you’re visiting and your IP address. We may use the IP address, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also
set cookies on your browser
or read cookies that are already there. Apps that use Google advertising services also share information with Google, such as the name of the app and a unique identifier for advertising.
Google uses the information shared by sites and apps to deliver our services, maintain and improve them, develop new services, measure the effectiveness of advertising, protect against fraud and abuse, and personalize content and ads you see on Google and on our partners’ sites and apps. See our
Privacy Policy
to learn more about how we process data for each of these purposes and our
Advertising
page for more about Google ads, how your information is used in the context of advertising, and how long Google stores this information.
Our
Privacy Policy
explains the legal grounds Google relies upon to process your information — for example, we may process your information with your consent or to pursue legitimate interests such as providing, maintaining and improving our services to meet the needs of our users.
Sometimes, when processing information shared with us by sites and apps, those sites and apps will ask for your consent before allowing Google to process your information. For example, a banner may appear on a site asking for consent for Google to process the information that site collects. When that happens, we will respect the purposes described in the consent you give to the site or app, rather than the legal grounds described in the Google Privacy Policy. If you want to change or withdraw your consent, you should visit the site or app in question to do so.
Ad personalization
If ad personalization is turned on, Google will use your information to make your ads more useful for you. For example, a website that sells mountain bikes might use Google's ad services. After you visit that site, you could see an ad for mountain bikes on a different site that shows ads served by Google.
If ad personalization is off, Google will not collect or use your information to create an ad profile or personalize the ads Google shows to you. You will still see ads, but they may not be as useful. Ads may still be based on the topic of the website or app you're looking at, your current search terms, or on your general location, but not on your interests, search history, or browsing history. Your information can still be used for the other purposes mentioned above, such as to measure the effectiveness of advertising and protect against fraud and abuse.
When you interact with a website or app that uses Google services, you may be asked to choose whether you want to see personalized ads from ad providers, including Google. Regardless of your choice, Google will not personalize the ads you see if your ad personalization setting is off or your account is ineligible for personalized ads.
You can see and control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your
ad settings
.
How you can control the information collected by Google on these sites and apps
Here are some of the ways you can control the information that is shared by your device when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services:
Ad Settings
helps you control ads you see on Google services (such as Google Search or YouTube), or on non-Google websites and apps that use Google ad services. You can also
learn how
ads are personalized, opt out of ad personalization, and block specific advertisers.
If you are signed in to your Google Account, and depending on your Account settings,
My Activity
allows you to review and control data that’s created when you use Google services, including the information we collect from the sites and apps you have visited. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Many websites and apps use Google Analytics to understand how visitors engage with their sites or apps. If you don’t want Analytics to be used in your browser, you can
install the Google Analytics browser add-on
. Learn more about
Google Analytics and privacy
.
Incognito mode in Chrome
allows you to browse the web without recording webpages and files in your browser or Account history (unless you choose to sign in). Cookies are deleted after you've closed all of your incognito windows and tabs, and your bookmarks and settings are stored until you delete them. Learn more about
cookies
. Using Incognito mode in Chrome or other private browsing modes does not prevent the collection of data when you visit websites that use Google services, and Google may still collect data when you visit websites using these browsers.
Many browsers, including Chrome, allow you to block third-party cookies. You can also clear any existing cookies from within your browser. Learn more about
managing cookies in Chrome
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps