Repost
Privacy Policy
This privacy statement explains the privacy practices of Withrepost ("Repost", "withrepost.com" or "us", "our", "we") for the users of our mobile phone application ("Application"), our website ("Website") – together the "Service", and the information in the Service. As used herein, "you" or "your" refers to the individual accessing or using the Service.
Our Commitment to Privacy
We respect your right to privacy. Your ability to make informed choices about the uses of your information is important to us. This privacy statement explains our policy regarding the collection, use, disclosure and protection of Personal Information. The terms of this privacy statement apply to information collected from you unless different terms are specified as part of a special offer or in another form or contract we provide you.
Personal Information is information that can be directly associated with a specific person or entity such as e-mail address, IP address, information about the person’s browser, device or operating system, or information directly linked to that person.
By using the Service you agree to the use of Personal Information as described in this Privacy Policy.
Collection of Personal Information
We may automatically collect certain Personal Information when you use the Service, such as IP address, information about your browser, device or operating system or similar information.
If you upload or use Personal Information which relates to someone other than you, you represent to us that you have that person's legally binding consent to the use of the information as described herein or that you are legally authorized to consent on their behalf.
Use of Personal Information
We may use the Personal Information you provide us with in connection with operating the Service (for example, to send you push notifications about new features which are available on the Service); to maintain reasonable security; to help diagnose problems with our servers; to enable us to develop and improve the features, contents, and Service; to respond to your inquiries about our Service and to enforce our rights and resolve disputes. By using the Service you consent to receiving email communications to tell you about the our services. If you prefer not to receive promotional information from us, we make it easy for you to let us know. You can contact us at any time to decline promotional information (see Choice below).
Your rights
Right of Access - the right to be informed of and request access to the personal data we process about you;
Right to Rectification - the right to request that we amend or update your personal data where it is inaccurate or incomplete;
Right to Erasure - the right to request that we delete your personal data;
Right to Restrict - the right to request that we temporarily or permanently stop processing all or some of your personal data;
Right to Object - the right, at any time, to object to us processing your personal data on grounds relating to your particular situation; the right to object to your personal data being processed for direct marketing purposes;
Right to Data Portability - the right to request a copy of your personal data in electronic format and the right to transmit that personal data for use in another party’s service; and
Right not to be subject to Automated Decision-making - the right to not be subject to a decision based solely on automated decision making, including profiling, where the decision would have a legal effect on you or produce a similarly significant effect.
Sharing of Personal Information
We do not sell, rent, share, or disclose Personal Information to third parties, except as provided herein.
Aggregate Information
Personal Information does not include "aggregate" information. Aggregate information is data we collect about a group or category of services or users, from which individual customer identities have been removed. In other words, information about how you use a service, or the results of such use, may be collected and combined with similar information others, but no Personal Information will be included in the resulting data. We can extract statistical data from your content in order to provide other users or partners without connecting it to any personal data such as name or e-mail address.
Aggregate data helps us understand trends and user needs so that we can better consider new products and services, and tailor existing products and services to customer desires. You understand that we may commercialize aggregate information by any and all means, and that you will receive no payment or other consideration in respect of such use.
Third party tracking
We use third party tracking tools like Mixpanel. If you wish to opt-out from our third party services, please email us at hello@withrepost.com.
Other Disclosures and Transfer of your Information
In addition, we may disclose Personal Information in the good faith belief that we are required to do so by law, or that doing so is reasonably necessary to comply with laws or legal process, respond to any claims, or to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of us, our customers, or the public. We will fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing us to disclose the identity, behavior or digital content of any user suspected to have engaged in illegal or infringing behavior.
We may provide Personal Information to third party vendors or service providers who assist us or our affiliates in administering and managing our sites, products, services or business (such as third parties providing hosting services). These recipients of Personal Information are not authorized to use the information we share with them for any other purpose. By providing such information, you expressly consent to such transfer and use, including transfers outside of the jurisdiction in which the information was provided.
Information about our customers, including Personal Information, may be disclosed as part of, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets or capital stock, merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar event. By providing such information, you expressly consent to such transfer and use, including transfers outside of the jurisdiction in which the information was provided.
Protection of Personal Information
We have put into place security measures in an effort to protect Personal Information from loss, misuse or alteration while it is under our control. We use technical, contractual, administrative and physical measures in an effort to protect against unauthorized access. These include secured servers. Although we take measures we believe are appropriate to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of Personal Information, "perfect security" does not exist on the Internet. We cannot ensure or warrant the security of any Personal Information you transmit to us, and you transmit such information at your own risk.
How Long Do We Retain Your Personal Information
Upon usage of the Service, we may retain your Personal information for a commercially reasonable period of time for backup, archival, or audit purposes.
Choice
If at any time you wish to stop receiving promotional information from the Service, you may opt out by e-mailing us at hello@withrepost.com.
Use of the Service by Children
You must be 13 years of age or older in order to establish an account on and use the Service. In the event you become aware that somebody under the age of 13 has enrolled without parental permission, please inform us immediately.
Online Links to Other Sites
If any part of the Service links you to websites, enables the download of third party software, or integrates third party software, those websites, software or related services are not subject to this Privacy Policy. Any Personal Information you provide on the linked pages is provided directly to this third-party and is subject to that third party's provider's privacy policy.
Except as described above, we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of websites to which we link. Links from our site to third parties or other websites are provided for your convenience. We encourage you to learn about the privacy practices of each web site before providing them with Personal Information.
How to contact us
If you have any questions about this Policy, please contact our Data Protection Officer by emailing us at hello@withrepost.com.
Changes to this Statement
We reserve the right to change this privacy statement at any time, but will alert you that changes have been made by indicating the date it was last updated. We encourage you to review our privacy statement to make sure you understand how your information will be used. If there is ever a material change to how we use your information and the new uses are unrelated to uses we disclose in this statement, we will communicate the changes in advance, and such changes will apply following the date of such change.
Updated: January 2022
© 2025 Bench s.r.o.
Terms of service
Privacy policy