Privacy Policy
Effective as of 9/19/2016
Our product, April, takes user privacy very seriously. While using our product, we may
        collect and use your relevant information in order to improve the quality of our services. We will do everything
        in our ability to protect your privacy, as long as it is within a reasonable business scope. We recommend that
        you read the "Privacy Policy" in detail to get an understanding of what type of information we collect, how we
        collect this information and how we use it. By using our product or services, you agree with the collection,
        storage and use of your information as long as it follows the context stated here and the adherence of local
        laws and regulations.
This "Privacy Policy" utilizes certain professional terms; we will try to explain things as concisely
        as possible, so that you may understand completely.
The collection and use of information
We collect and store relevant personal information in order to optimize services and provide a better
        user experience.
The information we collect, including but not limited：
Any geographical locations, system languages, device model and type, or operating system versions while you
            are interacting with our services using any mobile devices. This information will help us learn more about
            you, in order to optimize services and provide a better user experience.
Any records, including statistical information, key operation paths, error logs, crash logs, etc. you
            encounter while using our products. This will help us to get a better understanding of the status of our
            products, in order to improve our services, further optimize user experience and provide higher quality
            products.
Information Disclosure
Once you use our product or services, it shall be deemed to be your agreement to this privacy policy,
        and you allow and agree with all these terms. But we shall not share your information with any third parties, or
        sell it, or distribute this information to others; except any one of the following situations or
        circumstances:
We can share your information after receiving your confirmation to do so.
For mandatory reasons, such as the completion of a payment transaction to purchase April products;
            we might be required to share your information with associated third parties. These service providers are
            only authorized to use your personal information within the range required to provide said services.
In order to protect our legal rights and interests, or those of our partners and clients, we may disclose
            your personal information as permitted by the extent of the law.
In order to comply with local laws and regulations, for any mandatory reasons, to maintain the rights of
            others and to maintain public interests or other laws, we may release your personal information carefully
            and within the legal framework.
When there are mergers, acquisitions or other similar transactions, your personal information may be traded
            as a resource. If this happens, we will inform you beforehand so that you can choose to destroy or transfer
            your personal information if you wish.
Data Security
We use a variety of industry standard encryption methods (such as SSL, TLS) to protect you during the
        transmission, storage and sharing of data. But you shall understand that due to the limitations of the Internet,
        even while using the most advanced security technology available, we cannot guarantee 100% information security.
        Therefore, you shall understand and confirm the risks involved when transmitting information to us.
        When you store data on our server, we will ensure the safety of your data through policies, physical means,
        logical means, etc. However, the data on your mobile device depends more on your equipment safety, so we
        recommend that you take the necessary precautions to ensure the safety of your local data.
Policy Updates
When there is an update on the Privacy Policy, we will display the update date at the top of the
        Policy in an obvious position. We recommend that you carefully check the updated content every time; when you
        continue to use our products or services, we shall always assume that you agree to the terms and conditions that
        are effective at the most present time.