Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy
Last updated: 8 February 2024
DayCount (‘we’ or ‘us’ or ‘our’) respects the privacy of our users (‘user’ or ‘you’). How we collect, use, disclose, and protect your information whilst you use our mobile application (the ‘App’) will be explained to you through this Privacy Policy. It is recommended that you read this Privacy Policy carefully. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THE PRIVACY POLICY TERMS, PLEASE DO NOT ACCESS THE APP.
We hold the right to amend this Privacy for any reason, at any time. We will alert you about any changes by updating the ‘Last updated’ date of this Privacy Policy. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy from time to time to stay up to date with our updates. If you continue to use the App after the date of the Privacy Policy amendment, you will be deemed to have been made aware of, will be subject to, and will be deemed to have accepted all changes made.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the third-party store from which you install the App or make payments from. We are not responsible for any data collected by such a third party.
COLLECTION OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may collect information about you in a number of ways. The type of information that may be collected is dependent upon your usage of the App, and includes:
Personal Data
We collect and store personal information related to your App account, which is given to us voluntarily via sign-up or through usage of the App:
Email address
Photos uploaded
Time zone
Derivative Data and Uploaded Media
Information our servers automatically collect when the App is accessed, such as your actions taken when creating or editing events/streaks, and also uploading media to the App. We may access your device’s camera roll or photo library, which we will ask your direct permission for beforehand. All media uploaded will be collected and stored on our servers. At any time, you may change our access and permissions through your device’s settings.
Mobile Device Access
We may request access to certain features of your mobile device. We will ask for your direct permission beforehand. If you wish to change our access, you may do so through your device’s settings.
Push Notifications
We may request to send you push notifications. These could be regarding the App, or scheduled by you during usage of the App. We will ask for your direct permission beforehand. If you wish to opt-out of these types of communication, you may do so through your device’s settings.
USE OF YOUR INFORMATION
The information we collect helps us to provide you with a great experience. Furthermore, we may use information collected about you via the App to:
Monitor and analyze usage and trends to improve your experience with the App.
Provide customer support regarding your use of the App.
To improve the App based on feedback.
Also, the association of your App Store account with our App is required to purchase any product or subscription related to the App. We do not have access to your credit card or banking information.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
In certain situations, we may share information we have collected about you. The following will describe situations in which your information may be disclosed:
We will not distribute, sell, or lease your personal information to unrelated third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may need to send your personal information to our third-party vendors, who are under contractual obligations to keep this information confidential. If we ever decide to sell the App, or engage in a merge or consolidation, and our User data is one of the assets involved in the sale, your personal information will be part of this sale or transfer. We may also disclose your personal information to comply with any court order, law or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.
TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
App Analytics
We may partner with selected third-party vendors, such as Google Analytics or Google Firebase, to allow tracking of specific user behavior events, such as the number of events/streaks created, to determine which features are popular, so that we can provide a great experience. By accessing the App, you consent to the collection and use of this information by these third-party vendors. We do not transfer personal information to these third-party vendors.
THIRD-PARTY APPLICATIONS/WEBSITES
The App may contain links to third-party websites and applications of interest that are not affiliated with us. Once you have used these links to leave the App, any information you provide to these third parties will not be covered by this Privacy Policy, and we cannot guarantee the safety and privacy of your information thus far. Before using and providing information to any third-party applications or websites, it is recommended that you inform yourself of the privacy policies and practices of the third-party responsible for that application or website, and should follow the steps necessary to protect the privacy of your information. We are not responsible for the privacy and security practices and policies of any third parties (websites or applications) that may be linked to or from the App. Please exercise caution and read the privacy statement (if any) applicable to the application or website that you decide to use.
SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION
We have established security measures to help protect your personal information. Although reasonable steps have been taken to secure the personal information you have provided us, please be aware that despite our efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. Any information disclosed online is vulnerable to interception and misuse by unauthorized parties. Therefore, we cannot guarantee complete security if you provide personal information.
CHILDREN UNDER THE AGE OF 13
Our service is not intended for children under 13 years of age. No person under 13 years of age may provide any personal information to, or on, the App. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are under 13, do not use or provide any information on this App, or on or through any of its features/functionality, make any purchases through the App, provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, email address or username you may use.
If we learn that we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please send us an email at
hello@daycountapp.com
.
OPTIONS REGARDING YOUR INFORMATION
Account Information
You may send us an email at
hello@zaminiti.com
to request access to, correct or delete any personal information you have provided us. Deleting your personal information most likely will be done via a complete deletion of your user account.
If you request to delete your account, we will remove your information from our active databases as soon as possible.
NOTICE TO USERS FROM THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA
If you are visiting and use Services from the European Economic Area (‘EEA’), please be aware that information (including personal data) will be sent to the United States of America (‘USA’) where our partner platform’s servers are located. Our partners and/or staff operating outside of the EEA may process this information. The information may then be transferred within the USA or back out of the USA to other countries outside of your country of residence, depending on the type of information and how we store it. These countries, including the USA, may not necessarily have data protection laws as comprehensive or protective as those in your country of residence, however, our collection, storage, and use of your personal data will at all times continue to be governed by this Privacy Policy.
BY SUPPLYING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION TO US YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE TO THE TRANSFER OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION OUT OF THE EEA, AND TO THE PROCESSING OF YOUR INFORMATION IN THE USA, SUBJECT TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY.
YOUR CONSENT
By using our App, you consent to our Privacy Policy.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions, about this Privacy Policy or anything else, please contact us at:
hello@zaminiti.com
.
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By clicking "accept", you agree to its use of cookies.
Cookie Policy
Reject
Accept