Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy sets out how FishVerify, collect, use and share information that we obtain as a result of your use of the FishVerify application,
http://www.fishverify.com
, our other applications and tools, and any related services (collectively the “Services”). By using or accessing the Services, you confirm that you have received this Privacy Policy and that you consent to the use of your information as explained in this Privacy Policy. If you do not consent, please do not use the Services.
1. Personal Data
Personal Information Collected
FishVerify’s website and mobile applications are services for logging, tracking, and sharing sport fishing related information. To provide these services we may collect and store information about you. The type of personal information we may collect includes name, username, password, email address, telephone number, address, gender, location data, payment information (from Google and Apple), as well as any other user generated content that may be personally identifiable such as photos and videos. When you use our application, we also collect information such as content that you browsed and the date and duration of your use.
Use of Personal Information
Your privacy is important to us. Any data collected and/or stored by us is used to provide the Services and improve our Services, develop new products and Services, conduct statistical analysis, provide information to research partners, analyze your use and personalize the Services. We may also use your information for marketing purposes for which we will ask consent from you.
Recipients of Personal Information
Any personal data collected from you may only be transferred outside the European Union/the European Economic Area by observing applicable privacy regulations and ensuring your privacy rights are protected.
In addition to the things mentioned in this policy, we also share your information with service providers to perform functions and process user data and help provide our Services, consistent with this Privacy Policy. For instance, we work with Amazon Web Services to host and process our data and we work with various analytics providers to help us understand the use of our Services to build a better product. Where a third party processes user data on our behalf, it is subject to the security and confidentiality obligations consistent with this Privacy Policy and applicable law.
When you submit information as part of a competition or interact with us on social media, we may publish the information you submitted with your name in our app and social media channels.
In addition, we may share your personal information with third parties, such as other companies within the same group or in the event that we sell or buy any business or assets.
By using our service, you acknowledge and agree that your personal data may be hosted and/or transferred to such recipients both within and outside the European Economic Area. To comply with regulations, laws or any authority requests, we may disclose your information to authorities or other officials, without your prior consent.
2. Your rights
You have certain rights in relation to the personal information that we hold about you. Those rights include:
Right of access:
You have a right to know what information we hold about you and to have the information communicated to you. In case you want to exercise this right, please contact us and let us know what information you would like to receive. We may need to verify your identity before we provide you with any information. Note that we may not be able to provide all the information you ask for, especially if the information includes personal information about another person.
Data Portability:
We will try to respond to any request as soon as possible, but we will always do so within 30 days of receipt of your request and evidence of ID. You have the right to receive your personal data in machine-readable format.
Data rectification/deletion:
You have a right to have some of the personal information that we hold about you rectified or deleted. Should you wish to have any information about you rectified or deleted, please contact us at
support@fishverify.com
. Where we delete personal information about you, we may still retain some or all of that information for other purposes such as maintaining financial records, protecting or enforcing legal rights, or for technical reasons such as maintaining our database integrity. We may also retain your information in an anonymized form.
Account deactivation:
If you have an account with us and object to our processing of your personal data or you want us to deactivate your account, you can ask us to deactivate it by contacting us
support@fishverify.com
. We may ask you for other information before we are able to deactivate your account.
Withdrawal of consent:
If you have selected to receive direct marketing communications from us, and you want to stop receiving it, you can click on the opt out link in the marketing communication sent.
3. Security
We will use commercially reasonable efforts to safeguard the confidentiality of your personal information. However, we cannot be held liable for any loss of or disclosure of data or any losses or damages incurred due to errors in transmission or unauthorized or unlawful acts of third parties or your decision to disclose your personal information.
4. Data retention
We store profile data like name, username, password, email address, telephone number, address and gender and the content created by you such as posts, photos, and videos, as long as it is necessary for the provision of our services to you. If you wish us to discontinue storing this data, please contact us at
support@fishverify.com
.
5. Cookies
By using the Services you agree to our use of cookies on the Services. Cookies are small text files that websites send to your computer to uniquely identify your browser or to store information or settings in your browser. The following cookies are used at
https://www.fishverify.com
:
Lang – the cookie contains the preferred language of the user. It expires after 1 year.
MemberID – the cookie contains the ID of the current user. You can choose if you want it to be a session cookie (in which case it would be deleted when the browser is closed) or a persistent cookie, which will then expire after 30 days.
MemberPassword – the cookie contains authentication information for the current user. You can choose if you want it to be a session cookie (in which case it would be deleted when the browser is closed) or a persistent cookie, which will then expire after 30 days.
We also use Google Analytics to collect visitor statistics on the website. Several cookies are created by Google and described in further detail here:
developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/collection/analyticsjs/cookie-usage
You can choose not to store cookies by turning acceptance of cookies off in the settings of your web browser used to access the Services. You can also delete cookies. Please note, however, that without cookies you may not be able to use all of the features of the Services.
6. Contact us
If you want to contact us about any of the matters in relation to this privacy policy please email
support@fishverify.com
. If you have any complaints regarding the processing of your personal data, you can also contact the supervisory authority.
Copyright Notice © FishVerify, LLC. 2023. All Rights reserved. This disclaimer/terms of service notification are subject to change without notice.