Privacy Policy
Last Updated:
March 12th, 2021
‍
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their personal data is being used by Yollty. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your personal data in accordance with the Services, Mobile Application and/or Website as defined in
Yollty’s Terms and Conditions.
Privacy FAQ Questions
How can I request access to my data from Yollty?
What kind of personal data do you store?
How do you protect the personal data you collect?
How can I request from Yollty to delete my personal data?
Who do you share my personal data with?
General Privacy Policy
1. Who is responsible for your personal data?
The Luxembourg company, Yollty (“
Yollty
“, “we”, “us”, “our”), is the controller of the personal data you submit to us and responsible for your personal data under the Luxembourg law of 2 August 2002 on the protection of persons with regard to the processing of personal data, as amended, which implements the EU Data Protection Directive (95/46/EC). We’ve updated our privacy policy, as of 25 May 2018, to align with the European Union’s new General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). You can find here more information on how Yollty protects your privacy, including information on how to exercise your rights to your data.
2. Where is your personal data stored?
The data that we collect are stored within the European Economic Area (“EEA”) but may also be transferred to and processed in a country outside of the EEA. Any such transfer of your personal data will be carried out in compliance with applicable laws.
We store your data for as long as you have an active account with Yollty. We will delete all your personal data if you request to delete your account.
3. What types of personal data do we collect?
We collect personal data that you submit to us. Below you can see the 4 areas that we collect your personal data:
Account Creation:
1.1 When appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, profile picture, birthday, Google and/or Facebook usernames, or other details such as your purchase preferences to help you with your Yollty experience.
Yollty usage data:
2.1. When you receive a stamp we collect all information in regards to the stamp and reward transactions, such as time and date, merchant ID, etc.;
2.2. When you use Yollty we automatically receive your location (in cases you have authorized us to do so);
2.3. When you provide feedback for a business we collect all your ratings and comments.
Social media data:
3.1. When you check-in on Facebook through Yollty in order to receive extra stamps we store the associated Facebook check-in data, including the message you posted;
3.2. When you post on Instagram a picture in order to receive extra Yollty points store the Instagram post ID. The actual Instagram post is kept only by Instagram and we can refer to it as long as it is available in Instagram.
App usage data
4.1 Yollty may also collect the Application usage details such as Application opening date and time and user interactions with the Application such as clicks, swipes, etc.
4. How do we use your personal data?
We may use your personal data for the following purposes:
to provide you with the Yollty Services;
to improve Yollty in order to better serve you;
to personalize users’ experience and to offer you the most relevant rewards, memberships and promotions;
to allow merchants to send you newsletters, marketing messages and to notify merchants (that you have added to your memberships) when you are present at their physical location;
to communicate with you for Services-related or research purposes including via emails, notifications, text messages, or other messages, which you agree to receive;
to communicate with you for marketing and promotional purposes via emails, notifications, or other messages, consistent with any permissions you may have communicated to us;
to enable and promote the Services and other services or products, either within or outside the Services, including features and content of the Services and products and services made available through the Services;
to allow us to better serve you in responding to your customer service requests;
to send you gift-cards, if (needed/ required).
to enforce this Privacy Policy, the Terms and Conditions, and any other terms that you have agreed to, including to protect the rights, property, or safety of Yollty, its users, or any other person;
to provide you with features, information, advertising, or other content which is influenced by your location and your location in relation to other Yollty users; and
as otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy.
We will keep your data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes above or for as long as we are required by law. After this your personal data will be deleted.
5. What are your rights?
You have the right to request information about the personal data we hold on you at any time (free of charge, at reasonable intervals). If your data is incorrect, incomplete or irrelevant, you can ask to have the information corrected or removed. We cannot remove your data when there is a legal storage requirement, such as book-keeping rules or when there are other legitimate grounds to keep the data. You can withdraw your consent to us using the data for marketing purposes at any time. You can contact us by sending an email to support@yollty.com.
6. Who has access to your personal data?
Your personal data may be shared with merchants that you have included to your memberships.
The below mentioned information may be disclosed to any third party:
aggregated and anonymized statistical information that can’t be used to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context;
posts that you might perform to a supported social network such as Facebook or Instagram through the Yollty Application or directly. In such cases the said posts together with the relevant information will be visible based to the configurations you have made to the respective social network.
As described above, Yollty might disclose some personal data to merchants or other third parties that are disclosed below. Yollty is not responsible for the content or privacy practices/policies of merchants or other third parties. Before disclosing your personal information to merchants or any other third parties, we advise you to examine their terms and conditions of use.
7. Third party disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personal data. This does not include merchants, website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our Website, Application, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release information when its release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property, or safety.
We do share some of your data (e.g. phone model/brand/O.S. version, device id, user id, etc.) with some third parties that are required for running and maintaining our apps. These partners are:
Google to store all our data on Google Cloud for all Yollty data encrypted
Firebase to authenticate our users storing data id and user id
12CM to provide us with the stamps authentication storing the device Id and store id
Crashlytics to collect data about Yollty crashes and bugs storing the Device Id, the user Id, the mobile model / OS and the Crash Logs
Branch for deeplinking to direct some users from the web to a certain part in the app
Segment to collect data in Yollty to improve our product and for Marketing improvement purposes
8. Cookies
A cookie is a small text file that is saved to, and, during subsequent visits, retrieved from your computer or mobile device. Yollty uses cookies to enhance and simplify your visit. We do not use cookies to store personal information, or to disclose information to third parties.
There are two types of cookies: permanent and temporary (session cookies). Permanent cookies are stored as a file on your computer or mobile device for no longer than 12 months. Session cookies are stored temporarily and disappear when you close your browser session. We might use permanent cookies to store your choice of start page and to store your details if you select “Remember me” when you log in. We might use session cookies to track the pages that you visited and information you entered during a visit so that the website can be customized for you.
You can easily erase cookies from your computer or mobile device using your browser. You can choose to disable cookies, or to receive a notification each time a new cookie is sent to your computer or mobile device. Please note that if you choose to disable cookies, you will not be able to take advantage of all our features.
Third-party cookies
We use third-party cookies to collect statistics in aggregate form in analysis tools. The cookies used are both permanent and temporary cookies (session cookies). The permanent cookies are stored on your computer or mobile device for no longer than 24 months.
9. Links
The site yollty.com and the Yollty app may include links to other websites which do not fall under our supervision. We cannot accept any responsibility for the protection of privacy or the content of these websites, but we offer these links to make it easier for our visitors to find more information about specific subjects.
10. Security
We have taken technical and organisational measures to protect your data from loss, manipulation, unauthorised access. We continually adapt our security measures in line with technological progress and developments. Your password protects your user account, so you should use a unique and strong password, limit access to your computer and browser, and log out after having used the Services. Your data are always encrypted during transfer and storage. While we take data protection precautions, no security measures are completely secure, and we do not guarantee the security of user information.
11. Yollty and Children under the age of 13
Children under the age of 13 or under the applicable age limit (the “Age Limit”) are not allowed to use Yollty and we request them to not submit any personal information to Yollty. Yollty does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the Age Limit. If you are under the Age Limit, do not use the Services and do not provide any personal information to us. If you are a parent of a child under the Age Limit and become aware that your child has provided personal information to Yollty, please contact us at
support@yollty.com
and you may request exercise of your applicable access, rectification, cancellation, and/or objection rights.
12. Changes to the Privacy Policy
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace this Privacy Policy at any time. When we make material changes to the Privacy Policy, we will provide you with prominent notice as appropriate under the circumstances, e.g., by displaying a prominent notice within the Services or by sending you an email. In some cases, we will notify you in advance, and your continued use of the Services after the changes have been made will constitute your acceptance of the changes. Please therefore make sure you read any such notice carefully. If you do not wish to continue using the Services under the new version of the Privacy Policy, you may terminate your use of the Services by sending an email to
support@yollty.com
.
13. Deleting your Account?
In case you would like to delete your Yollty account you have to inform us by sending an email to
support@yollty.com
including your username and email. When we delete your account all your collected stamps from your memberships and other activities that you have performed will be deleted as well.
14. Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the contact details below:
Yollty, S.A.
74 Rue du Canal
Esch Sur Alzette, 4051
Luxembourg
support@yollty.com
Axeptio consent
Consent Management Platform: Personalize Your Options
Our platform empowers you to tailor and manage your privacy settings, ensuring compliance  with regulations. Customize your preferences to control how your information is handled.