Terms of Use
Effective date: December 21, 2018
FTUSTUDIO LTD ("us", "we", or "our") operates the Typimage mobile application (the "Service").
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.
Access and Use
A. Our Services are provided for your personal and commercial use except when our Service Content is used to create end products for sale where the lifetime sales of the end product for sale exceeds 400 units. An end product for sale can be either a digital design or physical item created using our Services that you and/or your client intends to sell. End products using our Service Content must be a unique implementation of the Service Content, significantly different than the original piece of Service Content and require time, effort, and skill to produce. We may offer certain portions of our Services at no charge and others for a one-time fee, on a subscription basis or under any other lawful pricing structure. In all instances, our Services are not being sold to you; rather, you are being granted or purchasing a limited license to use our Services.
B. When using our Services, you agree to comply with all applicable federal, state, and local laws including, without limitation, copyright law. You acknowledge that you do not acquire any ownership rights by downloading, installing or printing Service Content.
C. Furthermore, except as expressly permitted in these Terms of Use, you may not:
(i) remove, alter, cover, or distort any copyright, trademark, or other proprietary rights notice we include in or through our Services or Service Content; (ii) circumvent, disable or otherwise interfere with our security-related features including, without limitation, any features that prevent or restrict the use of or copying of any software or other Service Content; (iii) use an automatic device (such as a robot or spider) or manual process to copy or “scrape” the Website or Service Content for any purpose without our express written permission; (iv) collect or harvest any personally identifiable information from our Services including, without limitation, user names, passwords, email addresses; (v) solicit other users to join or become members of any commercial online service or other organization without our prior written approval; (vi) attempt to or interfere with the proper working of our Services or impair, overburden, or disable the same; (vii) decompile, reverse engineer, or disassemble any portion of our software or other Service Content, or our Services; (viii) use network-monitoring software to determine architecture of or extract usage data from our Services; (ix) encourage conduct that violates any local, state or federal law, either civil or criminal, or impersonate another user, person, or entity (e.g., using another person’s Membership (as defined below)); (x) violate U.S. export laws, including, without limitation, violations of the Export Administration Act and the Export Administration Regulations administered by the Department of Commerce; or (xi) engage in any conduct that restricts or inhibits any other user from using or enjoying our Services.
D. You agree to fully cooperate with us to investigate any suspected or actual activity that is in breach of these Terms of Use.
Subscription pricing and terms
Typimage Pro offers two auto-renewing subscription options:
$3.99 per month
$19.49 per year
These prices are for United States customers. Pricing in other countries may vary and actual charges may be converted to your local currency depending on the country of residence.
Your all access subscription will automatically renew at the end of each term and your credit card will be charged through your iTunes account. You can turn off auto-renew at any time from your iTunes account settings but refunds will not be provided for any unused portion of the term.
Privacy Policy
This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.
        
        If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, I may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that I request will be retained on your device and is not collected by me in any way.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 ("Children").
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By visiting this page on our website: typimage.com