Privacy Policy
This privacy policy is here to help you understand what information we collect at Frontier App products (e.g., SonosTube), how we use it, and what choices you have. When we talk about Frontier App products in this policy, we are talking about Frontier App, the company, the downloadable application, and the Frontier App website at
https://FrontierApp.com.
Frontier App products are available for use via a web browser or applications specific to your desktop or mobile device.
This policy describes how Frontier App products treat your information, not how other organizations treat your information. If you are using Frontier App products in a workplace or on a device or account issued to you by your employer or another organization, that company or organization likely has its own policies regarding storage, access, modification, deletion, and retention of communications and content which may apply to your use of Frontier App products. Content that would otherwise be considered private to you or to a limited group of people may, in some cases, be accessible by your team owner or administrator. Please check with your employer, team owner or administrator about the policies it has in place regarding your communications and related content on Frontier App products. More on this below.
Application Availability
Not all of the Company’s services will be available on Frontier App products. In addition, Frontier App products may be inoperative from time to time for a variety of reasons, including routine maintenance, system changes, and system failures. When such occurs, the information and services allowed by Frontier App products may be unavailable in whole or in part. The Company (Frontier App) will not be liable to you for any service interruptions or other Application unavailability.
The Company (Frontier App) reserves the right to change, suspend, remove, or disable access to Frontier App products at any time without notice. In no event will the Company (Frontier App) be liable for the removal of or disabling of access to Frontier App products. Limits may also be imposed on the use of or access to certain services or information provided by Frontier App products, in any case and without notice or liability.
Location Services
Some services on Frontier App products make use of location-based data. If you allow these services, we will collect information about the Wi-Fi routers closest to you, the cell IDs of the towers closest to you and GPS data.
We use this information to provide the requested location-based service (not to identify you) including, but not necessarily limited to:
Providing you content based upon your location.
Checking you in to a store or other location to enable you to earn loyalty rewards or let others know where you are.
Providing you with local search results.
Providing you with special local offers.
Enabling designated individuals to track your location or you to track the location of others.
Mapping routes and providing directions to locations that you specify.
We collect the following personal information from you:
Contact Information such as name, email address, mailing address, phone number
Unique Identifiers such as user name, account number, password
Preferences Information you provide such as product or content interests, or communication or marketing preferences
Usage activity about how you interact with us such as purchase history, what content you viewed, and which areas of our Application you visited.
Company Provided Services may request information such as your name, date of birth, social security number, driver’s license number and other sensitive information.
Device Information
Information about your mobile device such as your mobile device id (similar to a website IP address), device type, mobile service carrier, IP address, OS version and browser type.
Cookies
Frontier App products include the use of third-party services which use browser cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technologies that may track you across the websites you visit.
We use this information to:
Fulfill your order
Send you an order confirmation
Assess your needs to determine suitable products or services
Send you requested product or service information
Send product updates or warranty information
Respond to customer service requests
Schedule an appointment
Administer your account
Send you push notifications when you are using our app. If you do not want these notifications, you can manage your preference through your device, depending on your device type.
Send you a newsletter
Send you marketing communications
Administer contests and sweepstakes you entered
Improve our Application and marketing efforts
Conduct research and analysis
Respond to your questions and concerns
Display content based upon your interests
Send you a catalog
Facilitate your transactions with other users
Perform other purposes and functions not prohibited by law
Sharing Your Information
We may provide your personal information to companies that provide services to help us with our business activities. These third parties are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us or the Company.
Use of Third Party Services/Security
Frontier App products incorporate the use of third-party services that Frontier App does not control and which may conduct online behavioral advertising, analytics, and other data collection and sharing. These third-party services include, for example, Yelp, Foursquare, TripAdvisor, Expedia and Google (
http://www.google.com/privacy.html).
This privacy disclosure does not govern third party practices. You should consult the privacy policy of any third-party whose services you use, in order to learn about their privacy practices. THE FUNCTIONALITY OF LICENSED PRODUCT AND RELATED USER EXPERIENCE IS DEPENDENT UPON DATA USE/THIRD PARTY DATA SHARING AS DESCRIBED HEREIN. AS SUCH, IT IS NOT PRACTICAL OR POSSIBLE TO PROVIDE USERS WITH THE ABILITY TO EXERCISE CHOICE REGARDING THE COLLECTION OF PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION ABOUT AN INDIVIDUAL USER’S ONLINE ACTIVITIES AND ACROSS THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES OR ONLINE SERVICES. You may delete Frontier App Products at any time by following the removal protocol required by your mobile device or relevant software. We will retain your information for as long as your account is active, as needed to provide you services, or obtained independent of Frontier App products from information provided by Company. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you with Application-related services, please contact us at
support@FrontierApp.com
. Regardless of the foregoing, we will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, provide lawful non-Application communications to you, and enforce our agreements.
The security of your personal information is important to us. When you provide sensitive information to us, we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
You agree that you will only use Frontier App products on a mobile device owned by you. You agree to keep your mobile device and login information secure. As a registered user of Frontier App products, it is your responsibility to maintain confidentiality of your password, and you agree not to share your password with anyone or allow anyone to use your account. You also agree to take full responsibility for any activity that occurs through the use of your account. To access Frontier App products, you may be asked to provide personally identifiable information such as your name, address, phone number and zip code, etc. Contact information that you provide during registration or through your use of the Application will be used to identify and access data in the existing relationship with the Company. Information you enter during registration may replace information on your Company customer record.
Use of Customer Provided Services
Frontier App products incorporate the use of Customer Provided Services that Frontier App products do not control and which you may choose not to use. These services may collect personally identifiable information such as name, date of birth, social security number, driver’s license number and other information which may be collected for financing or scheduling appointments and may be considered sensitive in nature. You should consult the privacy policy of the Company to learn about their privacy practices.
We may disclose your personal information
As required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process.
When we or the Company believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request.
If we or the Company is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.
To any other third party as described herein.
Security
The security of your PII is important to us. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. When you enter sensitive information (such as a credit card number) on our order forms, we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If you have any questions about security on our Web site, you can contact us at
support@FrontierApp.com
.
Legal Disclaimer
We reserve the right to disclose your PII as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our Web site.
Changes to Privacy Policy
We may update this privacy statement to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Contact
You can contact us about this privacy statement by emailing us at
support@FrontierApp.com
.
Revision 02/22/24
This website uses cookies.
We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data.
Accept
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.google.com/privacy.html).:
404.
That’s an error.
The requested URL
/privacy.html).
was not found on this server.
That’s all we know.