Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Tsdating.biz collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the http://www.Tsdating.biz website ("Site"). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Tsdating.biz.
Personal Identification Information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, place an order, fill out a form, respond to a survey, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal Identification Information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web Browser Cookies
Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we Use Collected Information
Tsdating.biz may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
To run and operate our Site
We may need your information display content on the Site correctly.
To improve customer service
Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
To personalize user experience
We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
To improve our Site
We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.
To process payments
We may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
To run a promotion, contest, survey or other Site feature
To send Users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.
To manage product reviews and ratings
We may use third party service providers to help us manage product reviews and ratings left by Users.
To send periodic emails
We may use the email address to send User information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests.
How we Protect Your Information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sharing Your Personal Information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
Children's Privacy
We require users to be at least 18 years of age. We do not intend for anyone under the age of 18 to use any of the features or services we offer from Trans, and we certainly do not direct any of our content specifically at children under 18 years of age. We understand and are committed to respecting the sensitive nature of children's privacy online.
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code entitles residents of California to request a notice detailing the categories of Personal Data that we have shared with third parties for direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year, as well as the identity of those third parties. To request a copy of your Personal Data maintained by us, please contact us as at the e-mail address in the Contact Us section below.
California residents may also request access to, deletion, and portability of their Personal Data in accordance with applicable law by contacting us at the email address in the Contact Us section below. We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights, although some of the functionality and features on the Services may change or no longer be available to you. Any differences in the Services are related to the value provided.
Once we receive your request, we may verify it by requesting information sufficient to confirm your identity. If you would like to use an authorized agent registered with the California Secretary of State to exercise your rights, we may request evidence that you have provided such agent with power of attorney or that the agent otherwise has valid written authority to exercise rights on your behalf.
We do not sell your Personal Data to third parties. We do disclose Personal Data for business purposes, including but not limited to services performed on our behalf, to provide advertising on our Service and elsewhere based on users’ online activities over time and across different sites, services, and devices (so-called "interest-based advertising"), and to protect against fraud and malicious activity. In addition, your information may be accessible to third parties with whom you interact or direct us to share your information through our Services. The information practices of these third parties are not covered by this Privacy Policy.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right, at any time, to add to, change, update, or modify this Policy, simply by posting such change, update, or modification on Trans Services and without any other notice to you. When we do, we will post a notification on the main page of our Site. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your Acceptance of These Terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes. How to Contact Us
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site or if you would like to have us remove your information from our database, where possible, please feel free to contact us at support@Tsdating.biz with subject line "Privacy Policy".
This document was last updated on November 14, 2021