Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which App Ktchn collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the mobile apps created by App Ktchn (“Apps”). This privacy policy applies to the Apps and all products and services offered by App Ktchn.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our apps, register on the apps, place an order, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Apps. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, phone number. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Apps related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Apps. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Apps, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Apps may use “cookies” to enhance User experience. User’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Apps may not function properly.
How we use collected information
App Ktchn may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
– To improve customer service: Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
- To improve our Apps: We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.
- To improve the app experience: E.g. We may upload your scores to a global leaderboard, if the app includes a leaderboard and scoring system.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Apps.
Sensitive and private data exchange between the Apps and its Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
Changes to this privacy policy
App Ktchn has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will send you an email. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Apps, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Apps. Your continued use of the Apps following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this apps, or your dealings with this apps, please contact us at: http://appktchn.com