Privacy Policy
Get link
Facebook
X
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which The Game Object collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the Services offered by The Game Object. This privacy policy applies to all mobile games, offered by The Game Object .
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways in connection with activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Services. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Services. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Services, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Services may use “cookies” to enhance User experience. User’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of our Services may not function properly.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
Third party websites
Users may find advertising or other content on our Services that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Services. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Services, is subject to that website’s own terms and policies.
Advertising
Ads appearing on our services may be delivered to Users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile non personal identification information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This privacy policy does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Google Adsense
Some of the ads may be served by Google. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to Users based on their visit to our Site and other sites on the Internet. DART uses “non personally identifiable information” and does NOT track personal information about you, such as your name, email address, physical address, etc. You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using our Services, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Services. Your continued use of our Services following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of our Services, or your dealings with our Services, please contact us at:
The Game Object
marketing.gameobject@gmail.com
This document was last updated on May 17, 2018
Get link
Facebook
X
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
Comments