Privacy
We Respect Your Privacy
Last Updated date: July 10, 2024
This Privacy Policy details how we collect, use, share and protect data in relation to our mobile apps that use cloud services and your choices about the collection and use of your data.
By using our Service you understand and agree that we are providing a platform for you to process your content.
Our Policy applies to all visitors, users, and others who access the Service (“Users”)
1. DATA WE HAVE ACCESS TO
We collect the following types of data.
a) Your photos that you provide to Cut Paste Photos for Auto Background Remover, Retouch, Magic Move and other features:
We process the photo on cloud servers remove the background, apply effects and delete the photos you share with us immediately after processing them. No person at Dexati LLC or any other service operated by Dexati LLC will have access to these photos. We may add additional services in futrue to improve the app that use our cloud services. No individual at Dexati or any partner services will be able to access the photos.
b) Your photos that you provide for Face Cut Out (Face features), Colorizer, Enhancer, Animated Faces:
We use a third party API's like Winroad Holdings Ltd) to process the photos to extract face from photos. The photos are processed in AWS cloud in the US and deleted within 30 minutes of processing the data. These photos will not be used for any other purpose other than the features requirement. The photos will not be used for any training data and no human will have access to these photos.
c) Device Metadata:
When you use our app, we may access, collect following data about your device to provide better service:
Operating system version
Device language
Whether you upgraded to our pro version
d) Search Data:
When do not store any search data and query following services from our servers without passing any of your information other than search query
Bing search for images using safe search
Unsplash search for backgrounds
2. HOW WE USE YOUR DATA
In addition to some of the specific uses of data we describe in this Privacy Policy, we may use data that we receive to:
provide personalized content and information to you, which could include online ads or other forms of marketing
monitor metrics such as total number of visitors, traffic, and demographic patterns
diagnose or fix technology problems
3. SHARING YOUR DATA
We will not rent or sell your data to third parties. How ever we use use Google Admob SDK for advertisements in our applications and Facebook SDK for analytics.
What happens in the event of a change of control:
If we sell or otherwise transfer part or the whole of Cut Paste Photos or our assets to another organization (e.g., in the course of a transaction like a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, liquidation), your information such as User Content and any other data collected through the Service may be among the items sold or transferred. You will continue to own your User Content. The buyer or transferee will have to honor the commitments we have made in this Privacy Policy.
Responding to legal requests and preventing harm:
We may access, preserve and share your data in response to a legal request (like a search warrant, court order or subpoena) if we have a good faith belief that the law requires us to do so. This may include responding to legal requests from jurisdictions outside of the United States where we have a good faith belief that the response is required by law in that jurisdiction, affects users in that jurisdiction, and is consistent with internationally recognized standards. We may also access, preserve and share data when we have a good faith belief it is necessary to: detect, prevent and address fraud and other illegal activity; to protect ourselves, you and others, including as part of investigations; and to prevent death or imminent bodily harm. Information we receive about you may be accessed, processed and retained for an extended period of time when it is the subject of a legal request or obligation, governmental investigation, or investigations concerning possible violations of our terms or policies, or otherwise to prevent harm.
4. HOW WE PROCESS YOUR DATA
Storage and Processing:
Your data collected through the Service may be processed in the United States. If you are located in the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, please note that we may transfer information, including personal information, to a country and jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction.
By registering for and using the Service you consent to the transfer of information to the U.S. and the use and disclosure of information about you as described in this Privacy Policy.
We use commercially reasonable safeguards to help keep the information collected through the Service secure and take reasonable steps to protect any information you provided us. However, Dexati LLC cannot ensure the security of any information you transmit to Cut Paste Photos or guarantee that information on the Service may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed.
5. CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
Dexati LLC does not knowingly collect or solicit any information from anyone under the age of 13. The Service and its content are not directed at children under the age of 13. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us.
6. Questions?
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the Service, please contact us through the email partners@dexati.com.
7. CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
Dexati LLC may modify or update this Privacy Policy from time to time, so please review it periodically. We may provide you additional forms of notice of modifications or updates as appropriate under the circumstances. Your continued use of Cut Paste Photos or the Service after any modification to this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such modification.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.dexati.com/privacy1android.html:
Privacy
We Respect Your Privacy
When you use Dexati Mobile applications on Android, we do not retrieve or store any personal information about you. We do check if certain application is installed on your phone before we display an advertisement for the application in order to avoid displaying advertisement for an app that is already on your phone.
We also use Google Admob SDK for advertisements in our applications. Remember, though, there could be errors in the programming, and sometimes programming errors may cause unwanted side effects.