This Privacy Notice was last updated October 5, 2020.
HID provides this Privacy Notice to demonstrate our commitment to privacy. This Privacy Notice applies to your use of the HID Approve Mobile Application (“Application”) on a mobile device.
You should bear in mind that your use of the Application is at the request of an HID customer (“HID Customer”). The HID Customer may also collect and use your personal data independently of us. This Privacy Notice does not apply to any personal data you provide directly to the HID Customer.
Changes to the Privacy Notice
This Privacy Notice may be updated from time to time for any reason. You are advised to consult the Privacy Notice regularly for changes via the Application. By continuing to use the Application after such notification, you are expressly acknowledging and accepting the changes.
What information does the Application obtain and how is it used?
When you register with us and use the Application we retain a user-specific Application push notification ID (“Push Notification ID”). This Push Notification ID is used to:
to notify you via a push notification to prompt you for authentication or transaction requests;
provide related services to the specified HID Customer;
enable us to provide you with access to the Application;
fulfill our legal and administrative obligations; and
enforce this Privacy Notice
Does the Application collect precise real time location information of the device?
No, the Application does not collect real time location information.
Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application?
Yes. We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy notice.
We may share the data we collect about you:
as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;
when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
with our trusted service providers who work on our behalf – such service providers do not have an independent use of the information we disclose to them and have agreed to adhere to rules and standards substantially similar to those set forth in this Privacy Notice;
if HID is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of this information, as well as any choices you may have regarding this information; or
to enable HID to address fraud or technical issues
What are my opt-out rights?
Opt-out of all information collection by uninstalling the Application
– You can stop collection and access of information by the Application by uninstalling the Application. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.
Managing Your Information
Deleting the Application will de-identify the Push Notification ID. You can also disable push notifications on your device.
Children
We do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us at:
privacy@hidglobal.com
. We will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time.
Security
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Application. Please be aware that, although we endeavor to provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
USERS IN THE EUROPEAN UNION
If you’re a user in the European Union, you should know that HID is the processor of your personal information, which means that we are providing a service to an HID Customer. Under certain circumstances you have the following rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data:
Request access
to your personal data (commonly known as a “data subject access request”). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Request correction
of the personal data that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us.
Request erasure
of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing, where we may have processed your information unlawfully or where we are required to erase your personal data to comply with local law. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be provided to you, if applicable, at the time of your request.
Object to processing
of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts your fundamental rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms.
Request restriction of processing
of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios: (a) if you want us to establish the data’s accuracy (b) where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it (c) where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims or (d) you have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
International Transfers
HID may process personal information related to individuals in the European Union (EU) and may transfer that information from the EU through data processing agreements based on the EU Standard Contractual Clauses. We are committed to ensuring your information is protected and apply safeguards in accordance with applicable law. Data collected in the EU and European Economic Area (the “EEA”), may be stored, processed or transferred outside of the EEA.
Complaints
If you’re based in the EU, you can file a complaint with the supervisory authority in your Member State. For example, if you’re based in the UK, you can file a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office.
Contact Us
HID Global Corporation
611 Center Ridge Drive
Austin, TX 78753
privacy@hidglobal.com
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.hidglobal.com/about/privacy:
Skip to main content
Breadcrumb
Home
About Us
HID® Global Privacy Notice
HID® Global Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice - California
Product Privacy Notices
Privacy Notice
This Privacy Notice was last reviewed and updated March 19, 2025.
HID Global Corporation, an ASSA ABLOY group company, and its subsidiaries and affiliates ("HID" or "we" or "us") are committed to protecting your privacy. HID is headquartered at 611 Center Ridge Drive, Austin, TX, USA. This Privacy Notice describes the Personal Data we collect, how we use it, with whom we share it, and your rights regarding your Personal Data.
This Privacy Notice does not apply when we process personal data as a ‘data processor’ or ‘service provider’ on behalf of a customer. In those cases, we process personal data in accordance with the applicable data processing terms.
Notice to End Users of HID products and services:
Most HID products and services are intended for use by organizations and are administered to you by your organization (HID’s customer). If your organization administers your use of HID services, please direct privacy inquiries to your organization’s administrator. HID is not responsible for the privacy practices of our customers.
If you have a privacy question or concern
, contact HID’s Privacy Office at
privacy@hidglobal.com
.
If you have concerns about how we handle your personal information
, you can file a complaint with your local privacy regulator.
Your Rights
Depending on your location, you may have basic rights under privacy and data protection laws related to the data we process about you. You may exercise those rights by emailing us at
privacy@hidglobal.com
with the subject
SAR
.
These rights are free in most cases, and we will aim to respond to your request within 30 days or the specific timeframe required by the laws applicable to personal information about you. We will honor the requests you make related to your rights as the law allows, which means in some cases there may be legal or other official reasons that we may not be able to address the specific request you make related to your rights. These rights relate to:
Access
to your personal information about you. You have the right to request details about the personal data we hold and how it has been processed, as well as correct any inaccuracies.
Correction
of inaccurate or incomplete personal information about you;
Deletion
of personal information about you;
Restrictions,
temporarily or permanently, on our processing of some or all personal information about you;
Transfer
of personal information to you or a third party where we process the data based on your consent or a contract with you, and where our processing is automated; and
Opt-out or object
to our use of personal information about you where our use is based on your consent or our legitimate interests.
If you would like to opt-out of receiving sales and marketing communications from us, you may update your communication preferences
here
.
By submitting an individual rights request, you consent to us using your information to respond via email. You can withdraw consent through that email. Your consent includes sending your request to our U.S. headquarters. Without consent, we cannot respond to your request.
Additional Rights for U.S. Residents
If you are a resident of California, you may have certain additional privacy rights. For additional information on these rights, please visit our CCPA Privacy Notice Tab for more information.
Your Personal Information
How we collect your personal information depends upon how you interact with us.
The personal information we collect about you depends on your interaction with us and our products. Based on this, you may belong to one of the following data subject categories:
Website Visitors – Those who visit our websites or online properties
Customers/Partners – Those who are customers, business partners, or express interest in our products and services or content
If you visit the websites and online properties we provide:
Our website
: We collect personal information directly through forms or data entry fields, and passively via cookies and other technologies. The types of personal data we process are explained in the following four categories:
Contact us and registration forms:
We process your name, email address, company where you work, phone number, job function, job title, country, and any comments you provide.
Cookies and data collection:
We use session cookies that disappear when you close your browser and persistent cookies that remain until they expire or you delete them. We group browser cookies on our site into three categories, which you can manage through our
“Cookie Preferences” manager
:
Required cookies: These cookies are necessary to enable the basic features of this site to function, such as allowing images to load or allowing you to select your cookie preferences.
Functional cookies: These cookies allow us to analyze your use of the site to evaluate and improve our performance. They may also be used to provide a better customer experience on this site. For example, remembering your log-in details or providing us information about how our site is used.
Advertising cookies: These cookies may be used to share data with advertisers so that the ads you see are more relevant to you, allow you to share certain pages with social networks, or allow you to post comments on our site. Some cookies may be placed by third party service providers who perform some of these functions for us.
Server log files
: We may automatically gather server log file information when you visit our websites. This includes IP address, browser type, referring and exit web pages, and your operating system.
Other online activities
: In order to administer our website and our technical solutions and to understand how our website visitors navigate through our websites and technical solutions, we monitor our website and solutions based on our legitimate interest to continuously improve the experience for our users. We may further analyze information we gather online to improve the online experience, resources, and tools we provide to our users. This is also based on our legitimate interest to provide appropriate materials or user experiences.
If you are a customer, business partner, or express interest in our services, products or content:
Learning about our company and our products and services:
If you request or express an interest in information about our products and services or partnership opportunities, we process your name, email address, phone number, job title, information about the company where you work, including its website address, and any comments you provide. We add business information related to the company where you work from third-party sources, such as business intelligence providers, publicly available sources like LinkedIn, as well as information about the number and frequency of your interactions with us online and offline, including events, webinars, email, and our website. We maintain and update this information as we continue to engage with you and use it as described under the Legitimate Interests processing purposes detailed below.
Using an HID Online Platform:
For licensed or authorized users of our platforms, we process the following data: name, email address, username, password, IP address, job title, phone number, company information, actions taken on the platform, and tickets filed related to the platform.
Contracts and account management:
If you enter into an agreement with us related to the licensing or purchase of our products and services, we process your name, email address, postal address, company name, billing information (e.g., purchase order number, bank wire information, credit card number), company size, company financial information, and signature.
Data from third parties:
We may also obtain business contact data from third parties, such as authorized distributors with which we offer services or engage in joint marketing activities.
HID mobile applications:
When you download HID mobile applications, we automatically collect technical data and related information about the devices being used for the Services, including information on the type of device you use, operating system version, application software, peripherals and the device identifier; push ID (“UDID”)
Receiving marketing, sales-related and business development communications from us:
We may send you marketing communications, including information on sales, events, and business development, regarding our products and services. If you receive communications from our marketing team or a member of our sales or business development teams, we process your name, phone number, email address, postal address, job title, job function, company name, company size, company financial information, IP address, device type, email view information including IP address and associated city, and information about which of our products and services you currently use or may be interested in, along with any responses to such communications. Generally, these communications are initiated based on our legitimate interest to engage with you in business endeavors. However, if the information was collected through our online forms, you have also consented to being contacted. We track these communications to determine whether and when a marketing communication we sent was viewed, as well as the IP address and associated city, in alignment with our legitimate interest to effectively manage and enhance such communications.
Telephone / Video Calls:
With your consent, HID may record telephone calls or video conferences. We may collect and process your name, email address, job title, image, and voice for analytical purposes to enhance our training, customer relationship management, and to provide recordings to customers upon request. For instance, a customer might request a recording of a demonstration on a specific solution. Prior notice will be given before any recording takes place. You have the right to decline the recording at any time before or during the meeting and may also request the deletion of the recording at any time.
Market or product/services research, feedback, and surveys:
If you participate in our market or product / services research and surveys, we may process your email address, job title, phone number, survey responses, company name, job function, state, country, relationship with HID, and any comments you provide. This may include voluntary participation in our customer community offerings, such as online communications, group meetings, and other engagements.
Product security advisories:
If you signed up to receive product security advisories, changes to the Security Center site, Disclosure Policy, or other information related to the reporting, processing, and disclosure of product security vulnerabilities, we may process your name and email address.
Communities (Partner, Developer, Tech Support):
We collect your personal information directly via forms or data entry fields on our website, and passively through cookies and similar technologies. When you register for our communities, we ask for your name, business email, and other details to validate your relationship with HID. Optionally, you can provide additional information such as, photo, title, personal summary ("About me"), company name, telephone number.
Webinars:
If you register for or attend our webinars (or other presentations), your IP-address and some other technical information may be shared with the relevant hosting provider or application. Where applicable, registration information and any comments or feedback you provide to us will be captured.
Why Do We Process Personal Information?
The reasons that we process personal information about you depend on who you are and how we interact with you.
If you have provided your consent
, we process personal information about you to:
Send direct email marketing communications about our products and services. You may withdraw your consent at any time by clicking the “unsubscribe” link in the email communications we send to you. You may also withdraw consent by exercising Your Rights as described above.
Use cookies and other data collection technologies to help you navigate our website or technical solutions, personalize and provide a more convenient experience to you, analyze which pages you visit, provide features such as social sharing widgets and videos, measure advertising and promotional effectiveness, assess which areas of our site you visit to remarket to you after you visit our site, and to provide content to you from our third party content partners.
If you work for an organization that has a contract
or other agreement in place with us, we may process personal information about you in order to fulfill the following obligations to your organization under that contract or agreement to:
Provision your administrator account on our platforms;
Authenticate you to enable you to access your account on our platforms, including additional users of the solution;
Provide customer service and support, and investigate issues that you raise;
Communicate with you, including via email, about your use of our products and services, obtain your input on new features, functionality, and content, provide notification of product security advisories, and to provide information about updates to our services and products;
Communicate with you about HID events or industry related news;
Deprovision your account on our platforms.
Our legitimate interests
– We process personal information about you based on our legitimate business interests for the following purposes, to which you may exercise
Your Rights
to object as described above:
To renew subscription-based solutions you have licensed based on our legitimate business interest in retaining you as a customer or partner;
To provide additional products and services you request based on our legitimate business interest to respond to your reasonable requests and to retain you as a customer or partner;
To better understand the needs of the business communities we serve, we analyze our interactions with you online and offline and store that information quantitatively. This enables us to improve how we provide information and engage with you, including determining when you may be ready to make a purchase based on repeated interactions with HID. We do not make automated decisions about you that result in legal or similarly significant effects.
To ascertain the timing, occurrence, and IP address along with the related city of a marketing, sales, or business development email communication that was sent, based on our legitimate interest in effectively managing and improving such communications with you;
To understand the business that you work for and your prior experience based on our legitimate interest to tailor our communications with you to improve our engagement with you;
To understand your business needs based on our legitimate interest to develop and enhance our products and services to address your needs and to make them more relevant to you; and
To manage our legal, financial, policy and regulatory compliance responsibilities and to demonstrate our compliance upon request.
To investigate complaints or concerns based on our legitimate interest to ensure that such complaints or concerns are addressed appropriately;
To communicate with you about HID events and industry news based on our legitimate interest in engaging with you as a member of the industry communities in which we participate;
To conduct online consumer surveys to learn about your views and to improve our products and services; we do not directly collect any personal information about you when we conduct these surveys, however cookies and data collection technologies may be used to manage the delivery of the surveys; and
To administer our website and our technical solutions and to understand how our website visitors navigate through our websites and technical solutions based on our legitimate interest to continuously improve the experience for our users.
Data Security and Storage
We retain personal information as long as we are providing products and services to you, or as long as we are addressing any concerns, questions, complaints, or requests from you, depending on our interactions. If there is a contract or agreement, retention obligations will follow those terms.
Data may be retained longer if required by legal obligations, to maintain necessary records for legal, financial, compliance, or other reporting purposes, or to enforce our rights and agreements. Data may also be retained for statistical analysis or research purposes.
We implement security measures to protect personal information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction. Additionally, we have measures to ensure the ongoing confidentiality, integrity, and availability of systems and services processing personal information, and to restore data availability and access promptly in case of an incident.
Reasons We Share Personal Information
We only disclose personal information in ways that we tell you about. We do not sell or rent personal information to third parties and we do not disclose personal information to third parties that are not owned by us, under our control or direction, or in a direct business relationship with us except as described in this Notice. We do share personal information (as share is defined under certain data protection laws) with third party advertisers.
If you are a resident of California, you may have certain additional privacy rights. For additional information on these rights, please visit our
Privacy Notice - California
.
Service providers / Vendors.
We disclose personal information with service providers / vendors that help us with our business activities. Service providers support us in processing the types of personal information described above in the section “What personal information” . They only are authorized to process that information as necessary and as directed by us. Some of these providers qualify as “subprocessors” under the General Data Protection Regulation because they are used in the provision of services that our customer purchase.
Business partners.
HID forms a variety of partnership relationships, to whom we may disclose your information legitimately under one of the reasons described in the Notice or receive information from them. We only permit partners to process your information as necessary and directed by us. In some cases, partners may disclose your information to us and their privacy notices will also apply.
Third party cookies and similar technologies.
While HID does not sell personal information to third parties, HID does disclose data related to cookies and similar technologies with third parties both to evaluate and optimize the performance of and analyze your use of our online services and for advertising purposes. This may qualify under U.S. state laws as “selling” or “sharing.” You may choose to consent to our use of these technologies, reject non-essential technologies, or further manage your preference with our
Cookie Preferences
.
Required by law.
If we are required to disclose personal information as part of a legal process, we will take commercially reasonable steps to inform you as part of that process. We may also be required to disclose personal information in response to lawful requests by government authorities, including requests from national security agencies or law enforcement. Some of these requests may be by regulatory oversight agencies investigating a complaint where others may be by law enforcement looking for information.
Safety, fraud prevention, government requests, and protection of our rights
are reasons for which we may disclose personal information when we believe it is necessary in good faith.
Mergers, acquisitions, divestitures, or asset sales
but only if the acquiring organization agrees to this Notice’s protections, where this is within our control.
Your Choices Regarding the Use and Disclosure of Your Personal Information
If personal information covered by this privacy policy is to be used for a new purpose that significantly differs from the original purpose or subsequent authorization, or is to be disclosed to a third party not acting as a service provider or vendor in a manner not specified in this policy, HID will provide you with an option to choose whether to have your personal information used or disclosed in such a way. Requests to opt-out of such uses or disclosures should be sent to privacy@hidglobal.com.
International Data Transfers
HID is headquartered in the United States and almost all data we process will be transferred to or accessed from the United States.
We may transfer, access, or store your personal information outside of the EEA, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, China, or any country requiring legal protections for international data transfer. When doing so, we will use one or more of the following approaches:
Transferring to countries that have privacy laws recognized by the country from which the data are transferred as providing similar protections for the data (“adequacy”).
Using written agreements like standard contractual clauses.
Seeking your consent for specific transfers.
Relying on other approved transfer mechanisms.
Statement of Data Privacy Framework Participation
This statement outlines HID’s Notice of Certification Under the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework.
Scope:
HID adheres to the principles of the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework with respect to personal data submitted by HID’s direct customers and its authorized distributors (collectively, “Customers”) where EU and Swiss customer personal data is stored or processed in our U.S. based computer systems, including our online services.
HID Global Corporation complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. HID has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S DPF. HID has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this statement and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
HID is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC). HID is liable under the DPF Principles if its service providers/vendors who process personal information on our behalf process such personal information in a manner inconsistent with the Principles.
Your rights:
You have the right to have access to personal information about you that an organization holds and be able to correct, amend, or delete that information where it is inaccurate, or has been processed in violation of the Principles.
Your choice
: If personal information covered by this statement is to be used for a new purpose that significantly differs from the original purpose or subsequent authorization, or is to be disclosed to a third party not acting as a service provider or vendor in a manner not specified in this statement, HID will provide you with an option to choose whether to have your personal information used or disclosed in such a way. Requests to opt-out of such uses or disclosures should be sent to privacy@hidglobal.com.
Data Privacy Framework Inquiries & Complaints
(data from the EU or Switzerland)
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, HID commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact HID at:
privacy@hidglobal.com.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, HID commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to TRUSTe Privacy Dispute Resolution, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
for more information or to file a complaint.  The services of Truste are provided at no cost to you.
Under certain conditions, it may be possible for you to invoke binding arbitration as set forth in Annex I of the DPF Principles by delivering notice to HID at
privacy@hidglobal.com
and following the procedures and subject to conditions set forth in Annex I of the Principles.
Contact Information
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Notice or our privacy practices, may contact us by mail, telephone, or email
HID Global Corporation
611 Center Ridge Drive
Austin, TX 78753
Main US Headquarters: (800) 237-7769
privacy@hidglobal.com
.
Changes to this Notice
This notice may be revised periodically, with the date of the last update noted at the top of this page. If any changes significantly impact your privacy rights, additional notice will be provided.
Privacy Notice - California
This PRIVACY NOTICE FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS supplements the information contained in the Privacy Notice of HID and its subsidiaries (collectively, “we,” “us,” or “our”) and applies solely to visitors, users, and others who reside in the State of California (“consumers” or “you”) when you visit the HID website or provide contact information to receive HID services (collectively, our “Services”). We adopt this notice to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) and other California privacy laws.  Any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this notice.
Information We Collect
We collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or device (“personal information”). In particular, we have collected the following categories of personal information from consumers within the last twelve (12) months:
Category
Examples
Collected
A. Identifiers.
A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name
YES
B. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
A name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver's license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information. Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories.
YES
C. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information (including familial genetic information).
NO
D. Commercial information.
Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
NO
E. Biometric information.
Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a template or other identifier or identifying information, such as, fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data.
NO
F. Internet or other similar network activity.
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.
YES
G. Geolocation data.
Physical location or movements.
YES
H. Sensory data.
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
NO
I. Professional or employment-related information.
Current or past job history or performance evaluations.
NO
J. Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)).
Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records.
NO
K. Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Profile reflecting a person's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
NO
We obtain the categories of personal information listed above from the following categories of sources:
Directly from our customers, channel partners or their agents. For example, from information our clients provide to us related to the Services for which they engage us.
Directly from you. For example, through information collected from you when you fill out a contact us form to request information or services.
Directly and indirectly from you when using our Services or visiting our website. For example, usage details collected automatically in the course of your interaction with our platform or website.
Use of Personal Information
We may use or disclose the personal information we collect for one or more of the following business purposes:
To fulfill or meet the reason for which the information is provided. For example, to submit this information to our channel partners for the purpose of completing a sale.
To provide support services for our products, as requested by you.
To provide you with email alerts, event registrations and other notices concerning our products or Services, or events or news, that may be of interest to you.
To improve our Services to you.
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collections.
To better understand how users interact with our websites.
To determine the effectiveness of promotional campaigns
For testing, research, analysis and product development.
As necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property or safety of us, our clients or others.
To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations.
As described to you when collecting your personal information or as otherwise set forth in the CCPA.
To evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by us is among the assets transferred.
We will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.
Sharing Personal Information
We may disclose your personal information to a third party for a business purpose. When we disclose personal information for a business purpose, we enter a contract that describes the purpose and requires the recipient to both keep that personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose except performing the contract.
In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have disclosed the following categories of personal information for a business purpose:
Category A: Identifiers.
Category B: California Customer Records personal information categories.
Category D: Commercial information.
We disclose your personal information for a business purpose to the following categories of third parties:
Our customers, channel partners or their agents for which you have engaged in a business contract.
Service providers.
Third parties to whom you or your agents authorize us to disclose your personal information in connection with our Services.
In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have not sold any personal information.
Your Rights and Choices
The CCPA provides consumers (California residents) with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights.
Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting that personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a data portability request).
Deletion Request Rights
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service providers to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 seq.).
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information’s deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research’s achievement, if you previously provided informed consent.
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights
To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by email at
privacy@hidglobal.com
with the subject line: CCPA.
Only you or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you.  Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request.
Response Timing and Format
We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within 45 days of its receipt.  If we require more time (up to 90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing.  If you have an account with us, we will deliver our written response to the registered email associated with the account.  If you do not have an account with us, we will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option. Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request’s receipt.  The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded.  If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
Deny you use of our Services.
Provide you a different level or quality of Services.
Changes to Our Privacy Notice
We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Notice at our discretion and at any time. The date this Privacy Notice was last updated is identified at the bottom of this page. You are responsible for periodically visiting the HID website and this Privacy Notice to check for any changes.
Contact Information
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Notice, our Privacy Policy, the ways in which we collect and use your personal information, your choices and rights regarding such use, or wish to exercise your rights under California law, you may contact us via email at
privacy@hidglobal.com
.
Product Privacy Notices
HID Approve™ Privacy Policy
HID ArcID™ Mobile Application Privacy Notice
HID Crescendo® Manager Privacy Statement
HID Crescendo CryptoTokenKit Privacy Statement
HID DigitalPersona™ One-Time Password Authentication Mobile Application Privacy Notice
HID® FARGO® Connect™ Privacy Notice
HID Mobile Access® Application Privacy Notice
HID NCITE® Mobile Detective Application Privacy Notice
HID Reader Manager Application Privacy Notice
HID StarterApp Application Privacy Notice