Privacy Policy and Terms of use
Privacy Policy & Terms of use
The Bighead Techies LLP (“we” or “us” or “company”) is passionate about you, your health, and your privacy and security. As part of our commitment to you, below is our Privacy Policy and Terms of service (“Policy”)related to usage of products including Bible apps, services. Please take a moment to familiarize yourself with our privacy practices, the term of services and let us know you have any questions.
This Policy also applies to any other products, services, or platforms we may provide or make available to you from time to time, as well as your general dealings with us – including through our website and any other online or mobile platforms such a Bible apps
If you have any questions or comments about this Policy, please contact us.
ACCEPTING OUR PRIVACY POLICY
By using our Bible app or any of our other Services, you agree to this Policy. Once agreed, this Policy is legally binding on both parties.
CHANGING OUR PRIVACY POLICY
Occasionally we may need to change this Policy.  By continuing to use our products and services including Bible app or the Services after that date, you agree to the revised Policy. Otherwise, you are free to close your Bible account(see “Closing your Account” below) with or without uninstalling our Bible apps or products,
DATA PROCESSING across the globe
You agree to have your information stored and processed across the globe as determined by us in our sole and absolute discretion.
DATA ENTERED BY USERS AND USERS PERMITTED
You can use our Bible product both with and without registering. However, you can only access the app using certain terminals such as an iPhone, iPod, iPad, Windows, Mac or Android and without additional functions. In order to make use of all its advantages, you have to register. To do this, you must enter your email address, and select a password. You also have options to log in using social account such as Facebook, Google/Gmail. Note that we don't have any control password of your social account, and is fully own by corresponding services. We require these data in order to being able to make full use of our entire offer such as uniquely identifying and storing user data. We need these and possibly other data not least in order to respond to your wishes, questions, and criticism. In future, we plan to introduce different options for creating authentication.s You will not be obliged to design your account personally; this will be entirely voluntary. The central function of Bible apps is providing personal Bible reading experience.  You will be able to use this product both online and offline. Where we solely use offline, the data you enter will be stored de-centrally on your storage medium. In such a case, we will not be able to access these data.If you use Bible in combination with a registered account, all data and tasks entered may be integrated into a database. The purpose of this database is to allow you to use Bible at various different levels and access the devices and at any time. We use personal data in order to enable the secure, effective and user-related use of  Bible apps, products, and services. We may also use to analyze and provide personalized Bible reading experience in future. We are obligated to guarantee products. We will solely own the data entered by users through our product, services or apps and user will not have any right claim the ownership of the data.
By setting up an account, you represent that you have either reached the age of “majority” where you live or have valid parent or legal guardian consent to be bound by these Terms and that you are not barred from setting up an account, using an account or receiving Services under applicable laws. If you do not know whether you have reached the age of majority where you live or do not understand this section, please ask your parent or legal guardian for help before you create an account. If you as a parent or guardian create an account for a minor or you are the parent or guardian of a minor who sets up an account, you accept these Terms on the minor’s behalf, and are responsible for all use of the account, the app or Services, including purchases.
You can create a Bible account for others only where you are the authorized individual-representative (a parent, guardian, or legal representative establishing a subscription for our product including Bible apps).  By setting up such an account you automatically certify and agree that (i) you have this authority, (ii) we are entitled to rely of your certification as true, and (iii) you will hold us harmless from any claim by such others that you did not have authority to create an account for them. Subject to an agreement with our company, we will permit organizations (including not-for-profit entities) and individuals to set up accounts for others and encourage them to use our app or other Services. Whether you set up your own Bible app account or one is set up for you and you agree to become a Bible app user, these Terms shall apply to you and govern your relationship with us. We reserve the right to restrict in our sole discretion who is eligible to use the Bible app products or our Services or set up an account, and to reject a request to create Bible account or close an account at any time without liability. We will only do this where we believe we have a reasonable concern or issue. The information you provide directly from the app is no way responsible for the protection of data and information stored in the database.
PERSONAL INFORMATION AND SHARING
Personally identifiable information such as your name, address, email address, telephone number or other information submitted by you and persons authorized by you and from third party data sources approved by you in your Bible app including data is completely controlled by and belong to you. Except as provided in this Policy, we will never use Your Data for any purpose without your express permission.
General Bible apps user information includes data such as (i) profile data (age, gender, or location data), (ii) technology data (e.g. device & browser type), (iii) user behavior data such as how many invitations are sent, accepted, declined, expired, how often owners login and for how long, how often guests login and for how long, what features are used and how often, etc. We use general user information for internal purposes only to improve our product, services, and overall user experience.Anonymized and aggregated data include Your Data which has been de-identified and aggregated with other Bible app users and, in some cases, non-Bible user data. We use anonymized and aggregated data for internal purposes only to learn more about our products users, including Bible apps, needs, and interests, to identify how we can improve our products to better serve our users and to determine what 3rd party products and services may be most useful and valuable to them.
You may keep Your Data completely private, share discrete components or share everything with one or more people or organizations through the settings in your our account. Once you grant access, a permitted user can then view, save outside your product, and may even share Your Data with others. You can remove access from anyone at any time, but someone who had access may have separately stored some or all of Your Data with or without your permission and agreement (see “Closing Your Account” below). They may also have re-published Your Data on the internet or other locations and could continue to share Your Data without your permission. Once Your Data is shared with others, or is out on the internet, it is nearly impossible to have it completely erased. You are responsible for what happens to Your Data after you share it. When you accept your Settings for sharing or specifically agree by “opting in” to share Your Data, you are authorizing us to use, distribute, and otherwise make available Your Data as you instruct or permit. Where you have chosen to give access to Your Data to any third parties (including, but not limited to, medical providers, hospitals, insurers, and other users) for religious organisations,, payments, support, analysis, and other purposes in either or both anonymous and personally identified formats with that party’s requirement that some or all of Your Data will not be deleted in the future (in connection, for example, with their copy of your medical records, and billing and legal needs), then Your Data will continue to be stored, shared and used as you have agreed. We do not limit or control with whom you share Your Data. Parties with whom you share Your Data may have very different privacy policies and terms of use from ours. You understand and accept that it is your responsibility, prior to sharing Your Data, to review and choose to accept the privacy policy and terms and conditions of any parties with whom you share Your Data and the implications of such sharing. You agree not to hold us responsible for any use or publication of Your Data which you have chosen to share from your account.
Except as we state in this Policy, we will not make Your Data available to anyone with whom you have not instructed or permitted us to distribute or share Your Data. Where we believe in good faith that we have a legal obligation to make that data available to the authorities, or if the threat of physical harm or other damage exists to you, our company, or someone else, we reserve the right to provide any information to the proper authorities and as needed to protect those parties from harm.
Prior to us stopping business for any reason, we will notify you where we can, in advance, and allow you delete Your Data. If we are acquired, purchased, merged or operated by another company, that company could change this Policy or our Terms of Use, including provisions governing how it treats Your Data. We may share the data with them through using our sole discretion. We will be guaranteed to export your entries through our products. You may be notified of any changes to this Policy and, if changes are objectionable to you, your options include the export of Your Data, closing your account and deletion of its contents (as described below).
SECURITY
We take security very seriously and use security to ensure that Your Data is protected when it is in your data. When you opt to use Services which require our employees or Service Providers to have access to Your Data to perform the Services, we agree to implement procedures to protect your security and privacy. However, we cannot and do not guarantee that a breach will never occur or that Your Data will be secure and will never be misused, and you acknowledge and agree that we cannot be held responsible for any breach or unauthorized access to or use of Your Data.
We may provide you with multiple ways to share Your Data, including, but not limited to, email, text, media other apps, social media, etc., which will not encrypt or protect Your Data during transmission. You agree that when you share Your Data using tools which do not provide the necessary encryption and other appropriate protections, that you do so knowingly, at your own risk; and we cannot be held responsible for any breach, hack, or unauthorized access to or use of Your Data.
To prevent access to the account or Bible app products by people with malicious intent, we strongly encourage you to follow best practices for a safe password, identity and to not share your account credentials or Your Data with anyone with whom you do not have a high level of trust.
SERVICE PROVIDERS
From time to time, we may establish business relationships with other businesses whom we believe are trustworthy, and who have confirmed that their privacy practices are consistent with ours (“Service Providers”). This may include certain services, such as hosting and maintenance, and data storage and management. We only provide our Service Providers with the information necessary for them to perform these services for us or carry out a service or transaction requested by you. Each Service Provider must agree to use reasonable security procedures and practices, appropriate to the nature of the information involved, in order to protect Your Data from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. Service Providers are prohibited from using Your Data other than in compliance with our privacy policy and as specified by us.
PRIVACY STANDARDS
Your Bible app entries such as notes and all of its content belong to you. You have control over your account and how much of Your Data you share with others. You also have rights to delete these entries. You are solely responsible for verifying the identity of those you have invited to, organizations which have created and invited you to use a Bible app, and monitoring the access to and use of your Bible by those whom you, authorized others and/or organizations have invited to your invite. We are not responsible nor liable for anyone you allow to access your Bible app or use Your Data.
CLOSING YOUR ACCOUNT
Once you establish a Bible app account it will continue to exist until closed by you or us. You can stop using your Bible apps and close your account with us at any time. You simply need to notify us by email at Bible.apps.help@gmail.com.
We can suspend or close your account for lack of use, violation of this Privacy Policy or our Terms and Conditions, or other reasons which we deem sufficient in our discretion. We may notify you in advance of suspending or closing your account and allow you a right of appeal to us to be reinstated. The form of the appeal and final decision shall be in our sole and absolute discretion.
When your account is closed, we will provide you, by a means to be determined by us in our discretion, with an electronic copy of Your Data as it then exists in our app. Except where you have agreed to share Your Data as set out below, we will delete all of Your Data within a reasonable period (around 60-90 days). Note that once Your Data is deleted it cannot be retrieved. We will retain system logs in relation to your Bible app tracking the deletion, but not retain Your Data.
Where you have chosen to give access to Your Data to any third parties (including other users) for analytical and other purposes in both anonymous and/or personally identified formats with the requirement that some or all of Your Data will not be deleted in the future, then Your Data will continue to be stored, shared and used as you have agreed.
USAGE ANALYTICS
We use analytical tools to monitor aggregate usage of our Services by our population of users for internal purposes to help us deliver and improve our Services to you. This may include cookie information, anonymized IP address information, location information, and usage or platform access information.
You agree that we may collect and use this information (and share it with our Service Providers) to assist us in our internal business operations.
COOKIES AND ANONYMOUS IDENTIFIERS
We use cookies (a small text file placed on your computer to identify your computer and web browser) and may use anonymous identifiers (a random string of characters that is used for the same purposes as a cookie). We use cookies and other anonymous identifiers to analyze use of and improve the products ( Bible apps )  and our Services. We do not use cookies to collect personally identifiable information. Most web browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. You can reset your web browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent; however, certain features of the Bible app and our Services may not work if you delete or disable cookies. Some of our Service Providers may use their own cookies, anonymous identifiers, or other tracking technology in connection with the services they perform on our behalf.
We use Google Analytics on our website to collect usage data, to analyze how users use the website. For more information about how to opt out of having your information used by Google Analytics, visit.
notice paragraph is required by California law. If you are a resident of the State of California, you also have the legal right to formally opt out of sharing Your Data with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. You do not have to opt out of such sharing because we do not share Your Data with third parties for direct marketing purposes.
ONLINE TRACKING
Our systems do not recognize browser “Do Not Track” signals, but we do otherwise provide you with many tools to opt out of many uses of Your Data throughout this Policy.
REFUND POLICY
We want our users to have the best experience possible with our products. We realize that, on occasion, a product may not meet your expectations, we apologize, but we are not able to provide refunds on purchases made within app stores such as iTunes, as those purchases are subject to the terms and conditions that you agreed to when you set up your account with them. Please refer request apple support for getting a refund or unsubscribing the services.
CONTACT US
Have questions or comments about this Policy? We are happy to respond, anytime. You can contact us
By Email: Bible.apps.help@gmail.com
Share
Get link
Facebook
X
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
Share
Get link
Facebook
X
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
Comments
Shekusar29@gmail.com
Reply
Delete
Replies
Reply
Add comment
Load more...
Post a Comment