PRIVACY POLICY
At Easy anatomy, we care about your personal data, so we have prepared this Privacy Policy to explain how we collect, use and share it.
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally Identifiable Information' (PII) is being used online. PII, as described in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our website or app?
Through the registration process, you will provide us with your name, e-mail address (or parent’s e-mail address)
We do record the following data:
Usage Patterns
Clicks
Tech Specs
Browser
Device type
Operating system
Viewfinder size
Script errors
IP address
Crash logs
Diagnostics
Advertising identifier
Navigation
Pages visited
Referrers
URL parameters
Session duration
Learning Activity
Session progress
Answers
When and how Do We Use Your Information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To personalize your experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other app feature.
How Do We Protect Your Information?
We do not use vulnerability scanning and/or scanning to PCI standards. We only provide articles and information. We never ask for credit card numbers. We do not use Malware Scanning.
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
We implement a variety of security measures when a user enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.
All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third-party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
Third-Party Disclosure
For a better experience, while using our app, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that we request will be retained on your device and is not collected by us in any way.
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information unless we provide users with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our app, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release information when it's release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property or safety.
However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third-Party Links
The app does use third-party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to the privacy policy of third-party service providers used by the app
Google
Google's advertising requirements can be summed up by Google's Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users.
https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en
Google Play Services
Google Analytics for Firebase
Firebase Crashlytics
Facebook
Yandex
Back4app
Parse
Apphud
Sharing your personal data with third parties
Easy anatomy shares your personal data only when it is necessary to offer the Service, legally required, or permitted by you.
We will provide personal data to hosting providers such as Amazon Web Services, analytics providers such as Firebase, Yandex AppMetrica, Crashlytics.
Log Data
I want to inform you that whenever you use my Service, in a case of an error in the app I collect data and information (through third-party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing my Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Service Providers
I may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
I want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to their Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
I value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
California Online Privacy Protection Act
CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law's reach stretches well beyond California to require any person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting Personally Identifiable Information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals or companies with whom it is being shared. - See more at:
http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf
According to CalOPPA, we agree to the following: Users can visit our site anonymously. Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page or as a minimum, on the first significant page after entering our website. Our Privacy Policy link includes the word 'Privacy' and can easily be found on the page specified above.
You Will Be Notified Of Any Privacy Policy Changes:
On our Privacy Policy Page
Can Change Your Personal Information:
By logging in to your account
How Does Our Site Handle Do Not Track Signals?
We honor Do Not Track signals and Do Not Track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
Does our site allow third-party behavioral tracking? It's also important to note that we allow third-party behavioral tracking
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, United States' consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online.
We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old.
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
We will notify the users via in-site notification within 3 business days
We also agree to the Individual Redress Principle which requires that individuals have the right to legally pursue enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
Data erasure instructions:﻿
For iOS users: you can delete your account and collected data in the app. Open app, go to settings, push "Delete my account" button.
For android users: please email to support@easyanatomy.ru to request deletion of your data.
This site was made on
Tilda — a website builder
that helps to create a website without any code
Create a website
How to remove this block?
About platform
Submit a complaint
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf:
Education Foundation
Consumer Federation of California
California Online Privacy Protection Act (CalOPPA)
—updated July 29, 2015
The first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy, the California Online Privacy Protection Act (CalOPPA) went into effect in 2004. It was amended in 2013 to require new privacy disclosures regarding tracking of online visits.
CalOPPA applies to any person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) whose website collects personally identifiable information from California consumers. CalOPPA requires the website to feature a conspicuous privacy policy stating exactly what information is collected and with whom it is shared; it also requires the operator of the website or online service to comply with the site’s privacy policy. Those who fail to do so are at risk of civil litigation under the state’s Unfair Competition Law.
Who does CalOPPA apply to?
CalOPPA applies to any person or entity that owns or operates a commercial website or online service that “collects and maintains personally identifiable information from a consumer residing in California who uses or visits” said website or online service. CalOPPA does not apply to Internet service providers or similar entities that transmit or store personally identifiable information for a third party.
In 2012, the California Attorney General’s Office specifically applied CalOPPA to mobile applications for smartphones and tablets that collect personally identifiable information. Hundreds of apps providers were notified that they were in violation of CalOPPA, and they were given 30 days to submit compliance plans or face fines of up to $2,500 for each time their app was downloaded.
What is “personally identifiable information”?
As legally defined, “personally identifiable information” refers to details collected on the Internet about an individual consumer, including an individual’s first and last name, a physical street address, an email address, a telephone number, a Social Security number, or any other information that permits a specific individual to be contacted physically or online. The term extends to details such as a person’s birthday, height, weight or hair color that are collected online and stored by an operator in personally identifiable form.
What is required under CalOPPA?
The operator of a commercial website or online service must conspicuously post a privacy policy on its website. According to CalOPPA, conspicuously posting a privacy policy means:
The privacy policy is shown on the website’s homepage; or
A link – via an icon that contains the word “privacy” – appears on the homepage and directly takes consumers to the privacy policy. In this instance, the icon must be in a color different from the homepage’s background; or
The privacy policy is linked to the homepage via a hypertext link that contains the word “privacy,” is written in capital letters equal to or greater in size than the surrounding text; is displayed in a type, font or color that contrasts with the surrounding text of the same size; or is otherwise distinguishable from surrounding text on the homepage.
CalOPPA also requires website operators to adhere to their stated privacy policy. As May 2014 guidance from the California Attorney General’s Office says, “It requires them to say what they do and do what they say – to conspicuously post a privacy policy and to comply with it.”
To be considered in compliance with CalOPPA, the website’s privacy policy must contain the following:
A list of the categories of personally identifiable information the operator collects;
A list of the categories of third parties with whom the operator may share such personally identifiable information;
A description of the process (if any) by which the consumer can review and request changes to his or her personally identifiable information as collected by the operator;
A description of the process by which the operator notifies consumers of material changes to the operator’s privacy policy; and
The effective date of the privacy policy.
An operator will be considered in violation of CalOPPA if it fails to post a privacy policy within 30 days after being notified of noncompliance. An operator who fails to comply with CalOPPA or with the terms of its privacy policy will be found to be in violation of CalOPPA only if its noncompliance is either knowing and willful or negligent and material. This means that a non-material (i.e., minor) but deliberate breach can give rise to liability. As a result, minor technical defects in the posting or the contents of a privacy policy could be a basis for liability.
AB 370 Requires New Privacy Disclosures
Assembly Bill 370 (Muratsuchi), signed into law in 2013, amended CalOPPA to require new privacy policy disclosures for websites and online services’ tracking of visitors, defined in the legislative analysis of the bill as “the monitoring of an individual across multiple websites to build a profile of behavior and interests.”
AB 370 was in part driven by the advent of “Do Not Track” computer coding, which can signal websites when visitors indicate they prefer not to be monitored. AB 370 is intended to bring greater transparency and consumer scrutiny to website practices, but it does not limit tracking.
As the bill’s author, Assembly Member Al Muratsuchi (D-Torrance) explained, “This bill would increase consumer awareness of the practice of online tracking by websites and online services, such as mobile apps. AB 370 will allow consumers to learn from a website’s privacy policy whether or not that website honors a Do Not Track signal. This will allow the consumer to make an informed decision about their use of the website or service.”
Under AB 370, privacy policies for websites or online services used by California residents (includes mobile apps for smartphones and tablets) are required to:
Disclose how a business’s website or online service responds to Do Not Track signals from Web browsers.
Disclose whether third parties may collect visitors’ personally identifiable information on a business’s website or online service.
Provide “a clear and conspicuous hyperlink in the operator’s privacy policy to an online location containing a description, including the effects, of any program or protocol the operator follows that offers the consumer that choice.”
What are the consequences of noncompliance?
CalOPPA does not contain enforcement provisions. It is expected, however, that CalOPPA will be enforced through California’s Unfair Competition Law (UCL), which is located at Business and Professions Code §§ 17200-17209. Under the UCL the California Attorney General’s Office, district attorneys, and some city and county attorneys can file suit against businesses for acts of “unfair competition,” which are considered to be any act involving business that violates California law. As a result, violations of CalOPPA may be considered violations of the UCL. Government officials bringing suit for violations of CalOPPA may seek civil penalties and equitable relief under the UCL. In addition, the UCL provides that private plaintiffs may assert private claims for violations of CalOPPA under the UCL.
Operators who violate CalOPPA may also be susceptible to actions by the Federal Trade Commission, which may bring enforcement action against businesses whose posted privacy policy is deceptive – that is, where a business fails to comply with its posted privacy policy.
____________________
Read more:
Online Privacy Protection
California Online Privacy Laws
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA)
Recent Online Privacy Legislation in California
Protecting Your Child’s Online Privacy
Teens’ Online Privacy
Tips for Safe Internet Use
Is Your Computer Secure?
Frequently Asked Questions About Online Privacy
R
F
T
© 2025 Consumer Federation of California
About Us
CFC in the News
Privacy Policy
Cy Pres Awards
CFC Education Foundation
Employment
Contact Us