1. INTRODUCTION
This privacy policy (the "
Privacy Policy
") has been prepared by Zaptec ASA ("
Zaptec
", "
we
", or "
us
") to ensure that you receive the information we are required to provide to you- and which is necessary for you to exercise your rights under the General Data Protection Regulation (the "
GDPR
") and Norwegian data protection legislation (together "
data protection legislation
").
This Privacy Policy describes how we process personal data about you, the purpose of our processing activities, and the legal basis for our processing activities. This Privacy Policy also describes your rights in connection with our processing of your personal data under applicable data protection legislation.
2. PERSONAL DATA
Personal data means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (a "
data subject
"). Your name, phone number, address and e-mail address are examples of information which is generally regarded as personal data.
3. ZAPTEC'S
RESPONSIBILITY AS A CONTROLLER
Our processing of your personal data is described in Section 4 below. We will act as a controller when we process this personal data. The personal data that we collect is used solely for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. Zaptec shall ensure that any personal data processed is not subsequently used for purposes that are not in accordance with the original purpose of the collection of such personal data, unless the customer consents to such use.
4. OUR PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATA
Processing activities and the purpose of the processing activities
The following list includes information about the personal data which we process, and the purposes which the personal data is processed for:
Registration and use of
Zaptec Cloud services: When you create a Zaptec user account and use Zaptec Cloud services, we will process personal data you provide to us, in order to provide the services. Such personal data includes your full name, email address, mobile telephone number (optional), Address (optional) RFID Tags (optional), device serial number, preferred language, user groups & permissions, charging preference(optional) and charging history. Processing of personal data in relation to Zaptec Cloud services is necessary for us to be able to fulfil our obligations under the agreement entered into with the customer. This ensures that you are able to charge using chargers and installations that require internal approval, manage installations and charging stations, view the charging history for an installation, view your own charging history and log into the Zaptec Portal and app. Our legal basis for processing the aforementioned categories of personal data is fulfillment of contract for provision of the Zaptec Cloud service.
3
rd
parties
: You may grant 3rd parties access to your Zaptec account to e.g., control your devices or monitor usage. When you grant this access, you willingly allow this 3rd party to access and transfer your personal data without Zaptec having control over how this 3rd party uses the data or who they share it with. For more information please refer to the 3rd party’s privacy policy.
Zaptec
Sense: If you have registered a Zaptec Sense in an installation we will, in addition to usage data mentioned above, also collect information about your energy meter, overall installation energy consumption, more detailed information on the charging history, and serial number of the Zaptec Sense. The processing of this information is necessary for us to be able to fulfil our obligation under the agreement enteredentered into with the customer. This ensures you are able to use the Zaptec Sense to monitor energy consumption and optimize charging.
Purchases:
When you purchase a product or service from Zaptec, we will process your name, billing address, payment information, mobile telephone number (optional), e-mail address, purchase history (if applicable) and the product type and serial number for your purchased item. The aforementioned processing activities are regarded as necessary in order to process your order, as well as finalizing and completing the transaction and issue invoice(s). We store your purchase history in order to be able to confirm your statutory rights, such as in relation to warranty claims. Our legal basis for processing the aforementioned categories of personal data is fulfillment of contract in order to effectuate your purchase order.
Support inquiries
: When you contact Zaptec support, we may process your name, phone number, address, e-mail address, location and diagnostics and meter readings. We process this to ensure we can provide you the service necessary according to our warranty commitment. In some cases, our support may be provided by a supplier acting on behalf of Zaptec, Zaptec remains as the controller in these cases. If you contact Zaptec support by phone, we may record the phone call for quality and training purpose if given a consent prior to recording. Our legal basis for processing this is Zaptecs legitimate interest.
Warranty inquiries:
When a product needs to be returned based on warranty we will process your name, e-mail address, address, phone number, serial number and return number. We process this information to ensure we can provide you the service necessary according to our warranty commitment.
Zaptec
Academy: When you register and use the Zaptec Academy we process the information you provide us, to provide you with the training courses. Such information includes your name, e-mail, country, language, company name, course history and name of supervisor, we do however allow you to use pseudonyms if desired. When a company creates a team to administer training to their team, we also process information of the team. It is Zaptecs legitimate interest to collect this information as the purpose of the offered training is to prevent faulty installations that could potentially lead to safety risks.
Website:
When you visit www.zaptec.com, we collect metadata such as information about the webpages you visit and how you use the webpages. It allows us to see what users look at, how they navigate the website and how the website content works. We also collect data about navigation, the time of visits and your web browser version and similar so that we can customize the website content for you as a user. You can read more about cookies and the cookies we use at zaptec.com/cookies/. We collect and process data about what you look at in order to improve the performance and visibility of the website. For essential cookies, our legal basis for processing the data is our legitimate interest. For other non-essential cookies, we will ask for your lawful consent prior to processing such data.
Customer contact
. When you contact us via e-mail or our website's chat function, we may process your name and e-mail address. Zaptec may use the e-mail address of an existing customer to provide information about Zaptec’s services and products. We will only use the personal data we have about you to send offers and information about our products if you have explicitly consented to this. In this regard, we will, among other things, use the data we have about your previous purchases to provide you with offers that we think you may be interested in. You can withdraw your consent at any time by contacting
gdpr@zaptec.com
. We process such personal data based on our legitimate interest in administering the customer relationship we have with you.
We will store personal data such as name, address and/or telephone number, gender, date of birth, interests, etc. only if you explicitly consent to participate in a survey, competition, promotion or similar on our website and depending on what is requested in the promotion or user survey in question.
We may, depending on the circumstances, also process other categories of personal data, and/or the above listed personal data for other purposes. This may for example be the case if you contact us with questions or comments. You may at any time request confirmation and/or information regarding the personal data which we process about you, by contacting us as described below.
The sources we obtain personal data from
We collect the personal data described in Section 4.1 above directly from you as a customer, including personal data collected through your use of our services as detailed in Section 4.1 such as when you register for a Zaptec account or visit or our website.
5. DO WE TRANSFER OR
DISCLOSE DATA TO THIRD PARTIES?
In certain cases, we may share your personal data with (i) other companies within the Zaptec company group where this is necessary for Zaptec to fulfill our contractual to you and (ii) third party service providers. In relation to the latter, we use external service providers to assist with IT services and other administrative services. These service providers act as processors on our behalf. We have entered into data processing agreements with our processors contain obligations for the data processor to implement technical and organizational measures to ensure an appropriate level of security, confidentiality and integrity for the personal data, as well as to only process the relevant personal data in accordance with the data protection legislation and our instructions.
We may disclose your contact details and other relevant data we have recorded about you to a supplier if you order external services.
If you have consented to electronic marketing, we also use the following types of external service providers:
Ad networks, such as Google and Facebook
Agencies, such as marketing agencies, statistics agencies, and analytics agencies
Your contact details and other relevant data we have recorded about you may be disclosed to these service providers. We use this type of service provider to provide you with relevant ads, offers, content and recommendations and to perform analytics to improve and further develop our services. We also measure how well we succeed in this using, among other things, questionnaires.
We will not disclose your personal data to any other third parties than the third parties described above, unless we are required to do so under applicable law, or if it is necessary to establish, exercise or defend legal claims.
6. DATA RETENTION
We will delete or anonymize personal data when they are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed.
Personal data from Zaptec Cloud services is stored until the account is deleted. Your charging history is permanently linked to your user account. If you change your personal data or ask for your profile to be deleted, the changed data may remain accessible through security back-ups of the database for the period for which we retain such back-ups, up to five weeks.
Device activity records are permanently stored, but these are not associated with any personal data once the relevant account is deleted.
Your e-mail address, IP address and other non-personal data are stored in log files on the web servers. We use these logs to track errors, potential security threats and misuse. Logs may be stored for up to five weeks before they are permanently deleted.
Your personal data linked to purchases will generally be deleted when it is no longer necessary to store such data in order to respond to your inquiries, if the product warranty period has lapsed or unless we require the data for a longer period of time in order to fulfil other legitimate purposes such as contractual obligations or statutory obligations, for example in accordance with accounting legislation.
We will delete personal data that we process based on your consent if you withdraw your consent.
In certain cases, it may be necessary to anonymise the personal data instead of deleting it. Anonymisation refers to removing all identifying or potentially identifying characteristics from the datasets that are kept.
7. YOUR DATA PROTECTION RIGHTS
Under the data protection legislation, you have certain rights we need to make you aware of. You have the following rights in connection with our processing of your personal data:
Access: You may contact us if you want to obtain confirmation with respect to whether we are processing your personal data, as well as access to and further information regarding our processing of your personal data. You may also request a copy of the personal data we are processing about you.
Rectification: You may request us to rectify and/or complete inaccurate or incomplete personal data.
Erasure: You may request that we delete your personal data. We will respect and comply with your request insofar as there are no other legal obligations or overriding legitimate interests requiring further retention, or the personal data is necessary for the establishment, exercise, or defense of legal claims.
Restriction of processing: You may also request the restriction of our processing of your personal data in accordance with data protection legislation. If the processing has been restricted, such personal data will, except for storage, only be processed with your consent, for the exercise or defense of legal claims, the protection of the rights of another person, or for reasons of important public interest.
Right to object: You are entitled to object to certain processing activities, including for example processing of your personal data for marketing purposes. You are furthermore, on grounds relating to your particular situation (for example, a specific need for protection of your identity), entitled to object to processing of personal data based on legitimate interests, which we will comply with, unless there exists compelling legitimate grounds for our processing which override your interest, or if our processing is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
Data Portability: If we process your personal data based on consent or based on our performance of a contract, and the processing is carried out by automated means, you may request us to transfer the personal data to you or another controller, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format.
Certain limitations exist in the rights provided by the data protection legislation and the rights available to you will depend on the particular circumstances of the processing. You can find more information on this topic on Norwegian Data Protection Authority's website, which is linked below.
Please contact us as described below if you wish to invoke your rights. Please also note that we may request additional information from you if such information is necessary to confirm your identity.
8. SECURITY
As a controller, Zaptec is responsible for the security and confidentiality of the personal data we process. We are furthermore responsible for implementing appropriate technical and organizational measures to ensure an appropriate level of security of processing.
We have implemented measures, policies and routines to ensure the security of our processing.
9.
LODGING COMPLAINTS – THE NORWEGIAN DATA PROTECTION AUTHORITY AND OTHER SUPERVISORY AUTHORITIES
You may contact us at any time if you have any questions or complaints regarding our processing of your personal data. You may also file a complaint to the Norwegian Data Protection Authority, or a data protection authority in the EU/EEA Member State of your habitual residence, place of work, or the place of the alleged data protection infringement. The Norwegian Data Protection Authority is responsible for supervising Norwegian organizations' processing of personal data.
You can obtain the contact details of the Norwegian Data Protection Authority on the following website:
www.datatilsynet.no
. You will also find more information on your rights and the data protection legislation on this website.
10. CHANGES
We may, from time to time, update this Privacy Policy for example due to changes in our processing activities, applicable data protection legislation or other legislation which may affect our processing of personal data. An updated version of this Privacy Policy will be published on our website if any revisions to the Privacy Policy is made.
11.
CONTACT INFORMATION
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, including how we process personal data, or would like to submit a request to exercise your rights, please contact us at:
E-mail address:
gdpr@zaptec.com
Postal address:
Zaptec Charger AS c/o Fomo Vassbotnen, Vassbotnen 1, 4313 Sandnes