LiveBoard Privacy Policy
General
This Privacy Policy enters into force as of December, 2020 (Effective Date).
LiveBoard strongly believes in importance of your privacy, and here you may learn how we treat your information on our platform, what data we collect and how we use and process it. We also clarify your rights with regards to your data and how you can proceed with your requests to exercise your rights.
Please, read carefully this Privacy Policy, which regulate the privacy terms between you (hereinafter “you” or “user”) and us (hereinafter “us”, “we”, “our” is referred to LiveBoard) before using our Services. If you disagree with any provision of this Policy, you may not access and use our Services.
We  constantly  revise  our  Services  to  improve  the  users’  experience  on  our  platform, and  to  do  that effectively we also modify our Policies. In case we amend anything in this Policy, we will notify you by an email or announcement on our website 30 days in advance. If you disagree with the new changes you will not be able to continue using our Services.
Hereby, you will find all information about how we collect and protect your data, what rights you have concerning your data and how the relationship concerning data between you and LiveBoard is being regulated.
1. Types of data and how we collect it
2. Reasons we use your data for
3. Third parties and your data
4. The rights you have related to your data
5. Keeping your account secure
6. Jurisdiction
7. Cookie Policy
8. Contact us
1. Types of data and how we collect it
By nature of our Services, LiveBoard does not collect a large scope of data. We collect information, which is  necessary  for  us  to  be  able  to  provide  you  with  our  Services. The  data  is  collected  either  directly  or automatically as defined below:
Direct -
This data is collected when you personally enter information about yourself. This option includes:
Your account and contact data -
email, username, password, name (if you choose to register it) account profile photo (if you choose to upload a personal photo). You may be requested to share with us your address in case you wish to exercise your CCPA rights, as explained below.
Your class data -
the classes you enroll in, the content you share with your instructor or class, the quizzes you complete, the essays you write, the questions you answer to, etc.
The content you share -
any content you place visible to your instructors or classmates.
Automatic -
This data is collected automatically through your device, from which you enter and use our Services. This includes:
Your system data - IP
address, device type and version, browser, browser settings, domain data, etc.
Your usage data -
the statistics of your usage of our Services, pages you visit, features you use, etc.
Geographic data -
your approximate location which includes your country, city, coordinates. This information becomes available based on your IP address.
We  collect  your  data  using  different  types  of  data  collection  tools  like  analytics  services  or  cookies. Analytics Services help us analyze your access and use of our Services: such as how often you visit our website  or  use  our  Services, we  gather  information  about  your  usage  or  performance  on  our  platform and we may disclose your site use information to these analytics providers to help us learn more about how you and others use our services.
To learn more about Google Analytics service please visit this website:
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
and the Cookie policy is
here
.
Please note that all automatic data we collect is immediately anonymized and/or encrypted.
LiveBoard does not collect any financial data. While making your subscription payments your financial data is registered directly with the platform you use (Google Play or Apple Store) and we have no access to it.
2. Reasons we use your data for
LiveBoard collects and uses your data for a number of reasons:
(a) to provide you with the Services, to moderate, improve the Services, to process your orders for courses, specific services or features
(b) to detect any issues, to communicate with you in case of any concerns, to respond to your requests
(c) to protect you from any abuse or violation of your rights
(d) to ensure we provide customized experience focused on your specific work and needs on our platform.
3. Third parties and your data
Data accessible to your instructors:
Your data is shared with your instructors when you enroll in courses. It may include: your username, your name (if you have chosen to register it), profile picture (if you have uploaded a picture or your personal photo) and the content you post.
Data accessible to other students:
Your data is shared with your classmates, including your username, your name (if you have chosen to register  it), your profile picture (if you have uploaded a picture or personal photo) and the content you post.
Data accessible to our business partners:
We cooperate with a number of Service providers, who may process information on our behalf, for the purposes we request them. For example, we may contract with businesses for web hosting and maintenance, security and spam detection, data storage. We only cooperate with businesses we believe are trustworthy and who have confirmed their privacy practices are consistent with ours, and we provide the information, which is only necessary  for  them  to  perform  these  services  on  our  behalf. These  service  providers  are prohibited from using your personal information in ways other than we specify. To check their Privacy terms, you may visit their websites and the list of those service providers we use is
here
.
Data you share on your social media:
When you post any content on our platform, you have the option to share that content on your social media pages. When you share that content, your data is also shared with the social media companies (like Facebook). This may include data about your location, device settings, operating system, etc. To learn more about what is collected by the specific social media platform you share your data with, please visit their website and the Privacy Policy they have.
Data processed by analytics services:
We may provide your data to analytics services, which helps us understand your activity and choices you make on our platform, the features you like and use. We  use  this  information  to  personalize  and  customize  our  Services  and  ensure  the  best experience for you.
Data shared for the purpose of security and/or legal compliance:
We must share your data with authorized third parties if it is required by law, requested by judiciary, government, necessary to enforce any legal regulation, legal agreements, terms and conditions, privacy policy, etc. We must also share your data if required to prevent or detect fraud, violation, as well as potential violation, abuse, any harm to rights, property, or legal interest of LiveBoard, its users and affiliates.
4. The rights you have related to your data
Specific Regulations
LiveBoard provides with services worldwide, so we may move, process, and store your data in the United States and any other countries where we operate, which may be outside the country of your residence. Not all data protection regulations are the same. Some countries where we transfer personal data may allow  government  authorities  greater  access  than  in  your  country  of  residence. For certain specific regulations please read the sections below.
Your Rights under EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
LiveBoard is GDPR compliant and invests its best efforts to ensure that data collection, retention, and processing is in line with the regulation. Below we clarify your rights and how you may exercise those per GDPR.
Under the GDPR, you have the right to request us:
To confirm we process your personal data, and ask for the personal data we collect about you;
To update or modify your data;
To delete your data;
To stop using some or all of your data;
To give you a copy of the personal data we have collected on our platform.
You may also exercise some of these rights (such as updating or modifying) anytime, directly while you are logged into your account. If you want to have access to your data, receive a copy, or have questions with  regards  to  updating  or  deleting  anything, please send an email to
support@liveboard.online
address with  your specific  request. When  updating your data, please note that you have to provide us with correct and accurate data. If you delete the data, which is required for the Services to be available and operational, we will send you a notice informing that deleting this data will make impossible your use of our Services upon deletion.
LiveBoard provides services to international community, so we may transfer the personal data of EU residents to a country outside of The EU. We do so under the EU’s model contracts for the transfer of personal data to third countries (known as “standard contractual clauses”).
Your personal data will be deleted when it is no longer necessary for the purpose for which it was collected.
Policy on children’s personal data-COPPA
LiveBoard is COPPA compliant, and users under 13 have no right to use our services individually without parental supervision and control. They need to be invited to use the Services by the teacher, tutor or school who has registered an account with us. In such cases the inviting user shall make sure all parental control has been properly exercised and shall be responsible for verification and authentication of such users. Please, visit our
Terms and Conditions
for more details.
If you detect and notify us or we become aware that we have received/processed information of a person under 13 years old without parental control/supervision we will immediately delete that information and terminate the user’s account.
Specific rules for California residents-CCPA
California residents are provided with certain rights under California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). If you are a California resident, you have the following rights under CCPA:
To confirm we process your personal data, and ask for the personal data we collect about you;
to know what personal information we have collected from you in the previous 12 months;
to request us to delete your personal information;
to request us not to share or sell certain information.
If you wish to exercise any of your rights under the CCPA, please send us an email to
ccpa-support@liveboard.online
address and we will proceed accordingly. Please note that we might have to request you to provide us with your actual address  and  other  contact  information  to  proceed  with your CCPA request. For more complete information on your CCPA rights, please visit here:
https://oag.ca.gov/privacy/ccpa
.
If you have shared your information on a third-party platform, then we may not be able to delete that information, however we will make sure it is no longer available on our platform. Also, we will not be able to remove your requested information if we need it to complete any transaction connected to it or if we need to detect any data security violations. Such information will be removed only after we complete the transaction or resolve the security matters.
Our platform operates in cooperation with a number of partners who by virtue of the nature of our services may have access to some of your information. Sharing your data may constitute a “sale” of personal information under CCPA. However, you have the right to opt out of this activity by sending an email to
support@liveboard.online
address and we will respond accordingly. Please note that if you choose to opt out of the sale and sharing of some of your data, which is required for the Services to remain operational and effective, we might not be able to provide you with the services any longer. To check the Privacy terms of the partners we work with you may visit their Privacy Policies and the list of those partners is
here
.
5. Keeping your account secure
When you create an account on our platform, you secure it with a log-in and password. You must keep your password safe and exclude any third-party access to your account, computer or any device from which you enter and use our Services. LiveBoard  takes  measures  to  secure  your  data  on  the  platform against unauthorized access or alteration, destruction or loss of your data.
LiveBoard takes a number of security measures aimed at securing your personal information, including anonymization, encryption, limitation of number of employees, which handle your personal information, separate agreements and trainings with the employees about regulations on how to handle users’ personal data, etc.
We care deeply about your privacy data and we take all necessary actions to avoid any problems related to your personal data, however we may not guarantee that your information will always be completely safe, including situations when the loss of data happens because of unauthorized access due to the loss of your log-in details. Unauthorized third-party access or use, any device or software disruption may compromise the security of your personal data anytime. To report password loss or alleged or actual unauthorized access to your account please email us immediately at:
support@liveboard.online
.
6. Jurisdiction
LiveBoard Inc. is registered at 651 N Broad St, Suite 206, Middletown, DE US address, Delaware, US. Any legal matter shall be governed by Delaware law and the jurisdiction is reserved to the courts in Delaware. For more details on dispute settlement, governing law and miscellaneous legal matters, please visit our
Terms and Conditions
.
7. Cookie Policy
Cookies are small pieces of data files, which are stored on the users’ device to track their activity on the platform. These cookies help us define when, how often, and which part of the Services are used more frequently. They also help us define, which features you need or use most in our Services to provide you with a personalized service tailored to your work and needs and ensure you have the best experience on our platform.
If you do not want us to track your activity on our platform, you are able to opt out of the cookie policy. You may do so by adjusting your settings on your internet browser.
8. Contact us
If you have thoughts or questions about this privacy policy please send us an email at the address provided below. If you detect any suspicious activity on your account or the platform in general, please immediately report to our Privacy Team, including the Data Protection Officer (DPO) by sending us an email at:
support@liveboard.online
.
You can also write to us at:
LiveBoard, Inc.
Attn: Privacy Policy Inquiry
Address: 651 N Broad St, Suite 206, Middletown, DE US
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://oag.ca.gov/privacy/ccpa:
Skip to main content
Home
About
Who We Are
About AG Rob Bonta
About the Office of the Attorney General
History of the Office
What We Do
Public Safety
Opinions and Quo Warranto
Research Advisory Panel
Research Center
Children & Families
Civil Rights
Consumer Protection
Environment & Public Health
What We're Working On
Housing
Office of Gun Violence Prevention
21st Century Policing
Consumer Protection and Economic Opportunity
Health Care
Environmental Justice
Equality
Immigration
Children’s Rights
OpenJustice
Media
Media Center
Press Releases
Media Library
Social Media
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube
Careers
Career Opportunities
How to Apply
Assessments
Job Vacancies
Internships & Student Positions
Become a Special Agent
Become a Deputy Attorney General
Organization of the Office
About the Office
Legal Services Divisions
Division of Law Enforcement
California Justice Information Services (CJIS)
Administration
AG Honors Program & Geoffrey Wright Solicitor General Fellowship
Attorney General's Honors Program
Geoffrey Wright Solicitor General Fellowship
Regulations
Resources
For Businesses
Submit Data Security Breach
Privacy Resources
SB 478 - Hidden Fees
Service on the Attorney General
Office Locations / Status Updates
Laws Requiring Service on the AG
Open Government
Overview
Ballot Initiatives
Conflicts of Interest
Criminal Justice Statistics
Public Records
Publications
Grants
Grant Opportunities
Programs
Programs
See All Programs
Most Popular
Charities
Megan's Law
CURES
Service on the Attorney General
Division of Medi-Cal Fraud & Elder Abuse
Most Popular
Permits & Registrations
Prop 65 – Safe Drinking Water
Missing Persons
Data Security Breach
Human Trafficking
Appointments
Contact
Contact Us
Contact Us - En español
Contáctenos/Formularios
Service on the Attorney General
Home
Privacy
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)
Updated on March 13, 2024
The
California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018
(CCPA) gives consumers more control over the personal information that businesses collect about them and the
CCPA regulations
provide guidance on how to implement the law.  This landmark law secures new privacy rights for California consumers, including:
The
right to know
about the personal information a business collects about them and how it is used and shared;
The
right to delete
personal information collected from them (with some exceptions);
The
right to opt-out
of the sale or sharing of their personal information including via the
GPC
;
The
right to non-discrimination
for exercising their CCPA rights.
In November of 2020, California voters approved
Proposition 24, the CPRA
, which amended the CCPA and added new additional privacy protections that began on January 1, 2023. As of January 1, 2023, consumers have new rights in addition to those above, such as:
The
right to correct
inaccurate personal information that a business has about them; and
The
right to limit
the use and disclosure of sensitive personal information collected about them.
Businesses
that are subject to the CCPA have several responsibilities, including responding to consumer requests to exercise these rights and giving consumers certain
notices explaining their privacy practices
. The CCPA applies to many businesses, including
data brokers
.
CPRA amends the CCPA; it does not create a separate, new law.  As a result, our office typically refers to the law as “CCPA” or “CCPA, as amended.”
Links to Topics
A. GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE CCPA
B. RIGHT TO OPT-OUT OF SALE OR SHARING
C. REQUESTS TO KNOW
D. REQUESTS TO DELETE
E. REQUESTS TO CORRECT
F. REQUESTS TO LIMIT USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
G. RIGHT TO NON-DISCRIMINATION
H. REQUIRED NOTICES
I. DATA BROKERS AND THE CCPA
Other Consumer Resources on CCPA
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)
These FAQs provide general consumer information about the CCPA and how you can exercise your rights under the CCPA. They are not legal advice, regulatory guidance, or an opinion of the Attorney General. We will update this information periodically.
A. GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE CCPA
1. What rights do I have under the CCPA?
If you are a California resident, you may ask businesses to disclose what personal information they have about you and what they do with that information, to delete your personal information, to direct businesses not to sell or share your personal information, to correct inaccurate information that they have about you, and to limit businesses’ use and disclosure of your sensitive personal information:
Right to know
: You can request that a business disclose to you: (1) the categories and/or specific pieces of personal information they have collected about you, (2) the categories of sources for that personal information, (3) the purposes for which the business uses that information, (4) the categories of third parties with whom the business discloses the information, and (5) the categories of information that the business sells or discloses to third parties. You can make a request to know up to twice a year, free of charge.
Right to delete
: You can request that businesses delete personal information they collected from you and tell their service providers to do the same, subject to certain exceptions (such as if the business is legally required to keep the information).
Right to opt-out of sale or sharing
: You may request that businesses stop selling or sharing your personal information (“opt-out”), including via a user-enabled global privacy control. Businesses cannot sell or share your personal information after they receive your opt-out request unless you later authorize them to do so again.
Right to correct
: You may ask businesses to correct inaccurate information that they have about you.
Right to limit use and disclosure of sensitive personal information
: You can direct businesses to only use your sensitive personal information (for example, your social security number, financial account information, your precise geolocation data, or your genetic data) for limited purposes, such as providing you with the services you requested.
You also have the right to be notified, before or at the point businesses collect your personal information, of the types of personal information they are collecting and what they may do with that information. Generally, businesses cannot discriminate against you for exercising your rights under the CCPA. Businesses cannot make you waive these rights, and any contract provision that says you waive these rights is unenforceable.
2. What if I am not a California resident?
Only California residents have rights under the CCPA. A California resident is a natural person (as opposed to a corporation or other business entity) who resides in California, even if the person is temporarily outside of the state.
3. What is considered personal information and sensitive personal information under the CCPA?
Personal information
is information that identifies, relates to, or could reasonably be linked with you or your household. For example, it could include your name, social security number, email address, records of products purchased, internet browsing history, geolocation data, fingerprints, and inferences from other personal information that could create a profile about your preferences and characteristics.
Sensitive personal information
is a specific subset of personal information that includes certain government identifiers (such as social security numbers); an account log-in, financial account, debit card, or credit card number with any required security code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account; precise geolocation; contents of mail, email, and text messages; genetic data; biometric information processed to identify a consumer; information concerning a consumer’s health, sex life, or sexual orientation; or information about racial or ethnic origin, religious or philosophical beliefs, or union membership. Consumers have the right to also limit a business’s use and disclosure of their sensitive personal information.
Personal information does not include publicly available information (including public real estate/property records) and certain
types of information
.
4. What is not considered personal information under the CCPA?
Personal information does not include publicly available information that is from federal, state, or local government records, such as professional licenses and public real estate/property records.  The definition of publicly available information also includes information that a business has a reasonable basis to believe is lawfully made available to the general public by the consumer or from widely distributed media, or certain information disclosed by a consumer and made available if the consumer has not restricted the information to a specific audience.
The CCPA also exempts certain types of information such as certain medical information and consumer credit reporting information.
5. What businesses does the CCPA apply to?
The CCPA applies to for-profit businesses that do business in California and meet any of the following:
Have a gross annual revenue of over $25 million;
Buy, sell, or share the personal information of 100,000 or more California residents or households; or
Derive 50% or more of their annual revenue from selling California residents’ personal information.
6. Does the CCPA apply to nonprofits or government agencies?
The CCPA generally does not apply to nonprofit organizations or government agencies.
7. What can I do if I think a business violated the CCPA?
You cannot sue businesses for most CCPA violations. You can only sue a business under the CCPA if there is a data breach, and even then, only under limited circumstances. You can sue a business if your nonencrypted and nonredacted personal information was stolen in a data breach as a result of the business’s failure to maintain reasonable security procedures and practices to protect it. If this happens, you can sue for the amount of monetary damages you actually suffered from the breach or “statutory damages” of up to $750 per incident. Before suing, you must give the business written notice of which CCPA sections it violated and allow 30 days to respond in writing that it has cured the violations and that no further violations will occur. If the business is able to actually cure the violation and gives you its written statement that it has done so, you cannot sue the business, unless it continues to violate the CCPA contrary to its statement.
For all other violations of the CCPA, only the Attorney General or the California Privacy Protection Agency may take legal action against non-compliant entities. The Attorney General does not represent individual California consumers. Using consumer complaints and other information, the Attorney General may identify patterns of misconduct that may lead to investigations and actions on behalf of the collective legal interests of the people of California. If you believe a business has violated the CCPA, you may
file a consumer complaint
with the Office of the Attorney General. If you choose to file a complaint with our office, explain exactly how the business violated the CCPA, and describe when and how the violation occurred. Please note that the Attorney General cannot represent you or give you legal advice on how to resolve your individual complaint.  Starting on July 1, 2023, you also will be able to file complaints with the
California Privacy Protection Agency
for violations of the CCPA, as amended, occurring on or after that date.
8. What kind of data breach can I sue a business for under the CCPA?
You can only sue businesses under the CCPA if certain conditions are met. The type of personal information that must have been stolen is your first name (or first initial) and last name in combination with any of the following:
Your social security number
Your driver’s license number, tax identification number, passport number, military identification number, or other unique identification number issued on a government document commonly used to identify a person's identity
Your financial account number, credit card number, or debit card number if combined with any required security code, access code, or password that would allow someone access to your account
Your medical or health insurance information
Your fingerprint, retina or iris image, or other unique biometric data used to identify a person's identity (but not including photographs unless used or stored for facial recognition purposes)
This personal information must have been stolen in nonencrypted and nonredacted form. In addition, the personal information must have been stolen in a data breach as a result of the business’s failure to maintain reasonable security procedures and practices to protect it. If this happens, you can sue for the amount of monetary damages you actually suffered from the breach or “statutory damages” of up to $750 per incident. Before suing, you must give the business written notice of which CCPA sections it violated and allow 30 days to respond in writing that it has cured the violations and that no further violations will occur. If the business is able to actually cure the violation and gives you its written statement that it has done so, you cannot sue the business, unless it continues to violate the CCPA contrary to its statement.
9. Do businesses need to comply with the statutory CPRA amendments to the CCPA that went into effect on January 1, 2023?
Yes. As of January 1, 2023, the CPRA’s amendments to the CCPA are in effect, and businesses are required to comply with all express statutory requirements. Businesses are also required to comply with those CCPA regulations currently in effect.
10. Are there any CCPA regulations currently in effect?
Yes. The California Department of Justice promulgated an initial round of regulations implementing the CCPA on August 14, 2020 and further amended on March 15, 2021. Those regulations were recently updated by the California Privacy Protection Agency. These regulations appear in
Title 11, Division 6, Section 7001 et seq. of the California Code of Regulations
and were effective on March 29, 2023.
11. Are the statutory exemptions for employee data and business-to-business transactions still in effect?
No. The exemptions for employment-related personal information and personal information reflecting business-to-business transactions described in Civil Code Sec. 1798.145(m)-(n) expired on December 31, 2022.
12. Can I use an authorized agent to submit a request?
Yes.  You may authorize another person to submit a CCPA request on your behalf.  You may also authorize a business entity registered with the California Secretary of State to submit a request on your behalf.
Please note that if you use an authorized agent, businesses may require more information from either the authorized agent or from you to verify that you are the person directing the agent.  For example, for requests to know or delete your personal information, the business may require the authorized agent to provide proof that you gave that agent signed permission to submit the request.  Businesses may also require you to verify your identity directly with the business or directly confirm with the business that you gave the authorized agent permission to submit the request.
Back To Top
B. RIGHT TO OPT-OUT OF SALE OR SHARING
1. What is the right to opt-out?
You may request that businesses stop selling or sharing your personal information (“opt-out”).  Note that sharing refers specifically to sharing for cross-context behavioral advertising, which is the targeting of advertising to a
consumer
based on the
consumer
’s
personal information
obtained from the
consumer
’s online activity across numerous websites. With some exceptions, businesses cannot sell or share your personal information after they receive your opt-out request unless you later provide authorization allowing them to do so again. Businesses must wait at least 12 months before asking you to opt back in to the sale or sharing of your personal information.
2. Can businesses sell a child’s personal information?
Businesses can only sell the personal information of a child that they know to be under the age of 16 if they get affirmative authorization (“opt-in”) for the sale of the child’s personal information. For children under the age of 13, that opt-in must come from the child’s parent or guardian. For children who are at least 13 years old but under the age of 16, the opt-in can come from the child.
3. How do I submit my opt-out request?
Businesses that sell personal information are subject to the CCPA's requirement to provide a clear and conspicuous “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” link on their website that allows you to submit an opt-out request. Businesses cannot require you to create an account in order to submit your request. Businesses also should not require you to verify your identity, though they can ask you basic questions to identify which personal information is associated with you.
You can also submit an opt-out request via a user-enabled global privacy control, like the GPC, discussed in FAQ 8 & 9 below. If you can’t find a business’s “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” link, review its privacy policy to see if it sells or shares personal information. If the business does, it must also include that link in its privacy policy.
If a business’s "Do Not Sell My Personal Information" link or other designated method of submitting opt-out requests is not working or difficult to find, you may report the business to our office (
https://oag.ca.gov/contact/consumer-complaint-against-business-or-company
).
4. How long does the business have to respond to my opt-out request?
Businesses must respond as soon as feasibly possible to your request, up to a maximum of 15 business days from the date they received your request to opt-out.
5. Why is the business asking me for more information?
While businesses are not required to verify that the person submitting an opt-out request is really the consumer for whom the business has personal information, they may need to ask you for additional information to make sure they stop selling the right person’s personal information. If the business asks for personal information to verify your identity, it can only use that information for this verification purpose.
6. Why did the business deny my opt-out request?
There are some exceptions to the opt-out right. Common reasons why businesses may refuse to stop selling your personal information include:
Sale or sharing is necessary for the business to comply with legal obligations, exercise legal claims or rights, or defend legal claims
The information is publicly available information, certain medical information, consumer credit reporting information, or other types of information exempt from the CCPA.
See
Civil Code section 1798.145
for more exceptions.
If you do not know why a business denied your opt-out request, follow up with the business to ask it for its reasons.
7. Why did I get a response that the business is a service provider that does not have to act on my request?
Many businesses use other businesses to provide services for them. For example, a retailer may contract with a payment card processor to process customer credit card transactions or a shipping company to deliver orders. These entities may qualify as “service providers” under the CCPA.
The CCPA treats service providers differently than the businesses they serve. It is the business that is responsible for responding to consumer requests.  If you submit a request to opt-out to a service provider of a business instead of the business itself, the service provider may deny the request. You must submit your request to the business itself.
If a service provider has said that it does not or cannot act on your request because it is a service provider, you may follow up to ask who the business is. However, sometimes the service provider will not be able to provide that information. You may be able to determine who the business is based on the services that the service provider provides, although sometimes this may be difficult or impossible.
8. What is the GPC?
Businesses that sell or share personal information must offer two or more methods for consumers to submit requests to opt-out of the sale of their personal information. For businesses that collect personal information from consumers online, one acceptable method for consumers to opt-out of sales or sharing is via a user-enabled global privacy control, like the
GPC
.  Developed in response to the CCPA and to enhance consumer privacy rights, the GPC is a ‘stop selling or sharing my data switch’ that is available on some internet browsers, like Mozilla Firefox, Duck Duck Go, and Brave, or as a browser extension. It is a proposed technical standard that reflects what the CCPA regulations contemplated – some consumers want a comprehensive option that broadly signals their opt-out request, as opposed to making requests on multiple websites on different browsers or devices. Opting out of the sale or sharing of personal information should be easy for consumers, and the GPC is one option for consumers who want to submit requests to opt-out of the sale or sharing of personal information via a user-enabled global privacy control. Under law, it must be honored by covered businesses as a valid consumer request to stop the sale or sharing of personal information.
To learn more about the GPC, you can also visit
https://oag.ca.gov/privacy/ccpa/gpc
9. How do I submit my opt-out request using the GPC?
To learn more about the GPC, you can visit its website
here
.  Developers have begun to innovate around the GPC and created different mechanisms for consumers, such as EFF’s
Privacy Badger
extension or the Brave Privacy Browser.
Back To Top
C. REQUESTS TO KNOW
1. What is the right to know?
You may request that businesses disclose to you what personal information they have collected, used, shared, or sold about you, and why they collected, used, shared, or sold that information. Specifically, you may request that businesses disclose:
The categories of personal information collected
Specific pieces of personal information collected
The categories of sources from which the business collected personal information
The purposes for which the business uses the personal information
The categories of third parties with whom the business shares the personal information
The categories of information that the business sells or discloses to third parties
Businesses must provide you this information for the 12-month period preceding your request. They must provide this information to you free of charge.
2. How do I submit my request to know?
Businesses must designate at least two methods for you to submit your request—for example, an email address, website form, or hard copy form. One of those methods has to be a toll-free phone number and, if the business has a website, one of those methods has to be through its website. However, if a business operates exclusively online, it only needs to provide an email address for submitting requests to know.
Businesses cannot make you create an account just to submit a request to know, but if you already have an account with the business, it may require you to submit your request through that account.
Make sure you submit your request to know through one of the business’s designated methods, which may be different from its normal customer service contact information. If you can’t find a business’s designated methods, review its privacy policy, which must include instructions on how you can submit your request.
If a business’s designated method of submitting requests to know is not working, notify the business in writing and consider submitting your request through another designated method if possible.
3. How long does the business have to respond to my request to know?
Businesses must respond to your request within 45 calendar days. They can extend that deadline by another 45 days (90 days total) if they notify you.
If you submitted a request to know and have not received any response within the timeline, check the business’s privacy policy to make sure you submitted your request through the designated way. Follow up with the business to see if the business is subject to the CCPA and to follow up on your request.
4. Why is the business asking me for more information?
Businesses must verify that the person making a request to know is the consumer about whom the business has personal information. Businesses may need to ask you for additional information for verification purposes. If the business asks for personal information to verify your identity, it can only use that information for this verification purpose.
5. Why did the business deny my request to know?
There are some exceptions to the right to know. Common reasons why businesses may refuse to disclose your personal information include:
The business cannot verify your request
The request is manifestly unfounded or excessive, or the business has already provided personal information to you more than twice in a 12-month period
Businesses cannot disclose certain sensitive information, such as your social security number, financial account number, or account passwords, but they must tell you if they’re collecting that type of information
Disclosure would restrict the business’s ability to comply with legal obligations, exercise legal claims or rights, or defend legal claims
If the personal information is certain medical information, consumer credit reporting information, or other types of information exempt from the CCPA
See
Civil Code section 1798.145
for more exceptions.
If you do not know why a business denied your request to know, follow up with the business to ask it for its reasons.
6. Why did I get a response that the business is a service provider that does not have to act on my request?
Many businesses use other businesses to provide services for them. For example, a retailer may contract with a payment card processor to process customer credit card transactions or a shipping company to deliver orders. These entities may qualify as “service providers” under the CCPA.
The CCPA treats service providers differently than the businesses they serve. It is the business that is responsible for responding to consumer requests.  If you submit a request to know to a service provider of a business instead of the business itself, the service provider may deny the request. You must submit your request to the business itself.
If a service provider has said that it does not or cannot act on your request because it is a service provider, you may follow up to ask who the business is. However, sometimes the service provider will not be able to provide that information. You may be able to determine who the business is based on the services that the service provider provides, although sometimes this may be difficult or impossible.
Back To Top
D. REQUESTS TO DELETE
1. What is my right to delete personal information?
You may request that businesses delete personal information they collected from you and to tell their service providers to do the same. However, there are
many exceptions
(see FAQ D.5) that allow businesses to keep your personal information.
2. How do I submit my right to delete?
Review the business’s privacy policy, which must include instructions on how you can submit your request to delete.
Businesses must designate at least two methods for you to submit your request—for example, a toll-free number, email address, website form, or hard copy form. However, if a business operates exclusively online, it only needs to provide an email address for submitting requests.
Businesses cannot make you create an account just to submit a deletion request, but if you already have an account with the business, it may require you to submit your request through that account.
Make sure you submit your deletion request through one of the business’s designated methods, which may be different from its normal customer service contact information.
If a business’s designated method of submitting requests to delete is not working, notify the business in writing and consider submitting your request through another designated method if possible.
3. How long does the business have to respond to my request to delete?
Businesses must respond to your request within 45 calendar days. They can extend that deadline by another 45 days (90 days total) if they notify you.
If you submitted a request to delete and have not received any response within the timeline, check the business’s privacy policy to make sure you submitted your request through the designated way. Follow up with the business to see if the business is subject to the CCPA and to follow up on your request.
4. Why is the business asking me for more information?
Businesses must verify that the person making a request to delete is the consumer about whom the business has personal information. Businesses may need to ask you for additional information for verification purposes. If the business asks for personal information to verify your identity, it can only use that information for this verification purpose.
5. Why did the business deny my request to delete?
There are exceptions to the right to delete. Common reasons why businesses may keep your personal information include:
If the information is exempt from the CCPA.  This includes:
Publicly available information (such as your address, which is often in public real estate/property records)
.  However, if you are a law enforcement officer, public official, or Safe at Home participant (available to victims of domestic violence, stalking, sexual assault, human trafficking, elder and dependent abuse, as well as reproductive health workers), you may request a website to not publicly post your address as described
here
.
Certain
types of information
such as medical information or consumer credit reporting information.
The business cannot verify your request
To complete your transaction, provide a reasonably anticipated product or service, or for certain warranty and product recall purposes
For certain business security practices
For certain internal uses that are compatible with reasonable consumer expectations or the context in which the information was provided
To comply with legal obligations, exercise legal claims or rights, or defend legal claims
If the personal information is certain medical information, consumer credit reporting information, or other types of information exempt from the CCPA
See
Civil Code sections 1798.105(d)
and
1798.145
for more exceptions.
If you do not know why a business denied your request to delete, follow up with the business to ask it for its reasons.
6. Why did I get a response that the business is a service provider that does not have to act on my request?
Many businesses use other businesses to provide services for them. For example, a retailer may contract with a payment card processor to process customer credit card transactions or a shipping company to deliver orders. These entities may qualify as “service providers” under the CCPA.
The CCPA treats service providers differently than the businesses they serve. It is the business that is responsible for responding to consumer requests.  If you submit a request to delete to a service provider of a business instead of the business itself, the service provider may deny the request. You must submit your request to the business itself.
If a service provider has said that it does not or cannot act on your request because it is a service provider, you may follow up to ask who the business is. However, sometimes the service provider will not be able to provide that information. You may be able to determine who the business is based on the services that the service provider provides, although sometimes this may be difficult or impossible.
7. Why is a debt collector still calling me about my debt even though I asked it to delete my information?
Creditors, collection agencies, and other debt collectors can still try to collect debts that you owe even if you asked them to delete your personal information. Learn more about debt collectors—including what they can and can’t do—
here
.
8. Why is a credit reporting agency still giving out my credit information even though I asked it to delete my information?
Credit reporting agencies like Equifax, Experian, and TransUnion can still collect and disclose your credit information, subject to regulation under the
Fair Credit Reporting Act
. Learn more about your rights under the Fair Credit Reporting Act
here
. Learn more about how to check and fix your credit report
here
.
Back To Top
E. REQUESTS TO CORRECT 
 (RIGHT TO CORRECT)
1. What is the right to correct?
You may ask businesses to correct inaccurate information that they have about you.
The California Privacy Protection Agency is currently engaged in a formal rulemaking process and has
proposed CCPA regulations pertaining to the right to correct
, but these are not currently final or effective.
2.  How do I submit my request to correct?
Review the business’s privacy policy, which should include instructions on how you can submit your request to correct.
Businesses must designate at least two methods for you to submit your request—for example, a toll-free number, email address, website form, or hard copy form. However, if a business operates exclusively online, it only needs to provide an email address for submitting requests.
Businesses cannot make you create an account just to submit a correction request, but if you already have an account with the business, it may require you to submit your request through that account.
Make sure you submit your correction request through one of the business’s designated methods, which may be different from its normal customer service contact information.
If a business’s designated method of submitting requests to correct is not working, notify the business in writing and consider submitting your request through another designated method if possible.
3. How long does the business have to respond to my request to correct?
Businesses must respond to your request within 45 calendar days. They can extend that deadline by another 45 days (90 days total) if they notify you.
If you submitted a request to correct and have not received any response within the timeline, check the business’s privacy policy to make sure you submitted your request through the designated way. Follow up with the business to see if the business is subject to the CCPA and to follow up on your request.
4. Why is the business asking me for more information?
Businesses must verify that the person making a request to correct is the consumer about whom the business has personal information. Businesses may need to ask you for additional information for verification purposes. If the business asks for personal information to verify your identity, it can only use that information for this verification purpose.
5. Why did the business deny my request to correct?
There are exceptions to the right to correct. Common reasons why businesses may deny your request to correct include:
The business cannot verify your identity to complete your request
The request is manifestly unfounded or excessive
The information is publicly available information, certain medical information, consumer credit reporting information, or other types of information exempt from the CCPA
If you do not know why a business denied your request to correct, follow up with the business to ask it for its reasons.
Back To Top
F. REQUESTS TO LIMIT USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION (RIGHT TO LIMIT)
1. What is the right to limit?
You can direct businesses to only use your sensitive personal information (for example, your social security number, financial account information, your precise geolocation data, or your genetic data) for limited purposes, such as providing you with the services you requested.
The California Privacy Protection Agency is currently engaged in a formal rulemaking process and has
proposed CCPA regulations pertaining to the right to limit
, but these are not currently final or effective.
Back To Top
G. RIGHT TO NON-DISCRIMINATION
Businesses cannot deny goods or services, charge you a different price, or provide a different level or quality of goods or services just because you exercised your rights under the CCPA.
However, if you refuse to provide your personal information to a business or ask it to delete or stop selling your personal information, and that personal information or sale is necessary for the business to provide you with goods or services, the business may not be able to complete that transaction.
Businesses can also offer you promotions, discounts and other deals in exchange for collecting, keeping, or selling your personal information. But they can only do this if the financial incentive offered is reasonably related to the value of your personal information. If you ask a business to delete or stop selling your personal information, you may not be able to continue participating in the special deals they offer in exchange for personal information. If you are not sure how your request may affect your participation in a special offer, ask the business.
Back To Top
H. REQUIRED NOTICES
1. What is a notice at collection?
The CCPA requires businesses to give consumers certain information in a “notice at collection.” A notice at collection must list the categories of personal information businesses collect about consumers and the purposes for which they use the categories of information. (To find out how you can learn what specific information a business has collected about you, see the
Right to Know section
.)  If the business sells consumers’ personal information, then the notice at collection must include a
Do Not Sell or Share link
. The notice must also contain a link to the business’s privacy policy, where consumers can get a fuller description of the business’s privacy practices and of their privacy rights.
2. Where can I find a business’s notice at collection?
This notice must be provided
at or before
the point at which the business collects your personal information. For example, you might find a link to the notice at collection on a website’s homepage and on a webpage where you place an order or enter your personal information for another reason. On a mobile app, you might find a link to the notice in the settings menu. In a retail store, you might find the notice on a printed form used to collect your personal information.
3. What is a privacy policy?
A business’s privacy policy is a written statement that gives a broad picture of its online and offline practices for the collection, use, sharing, and sale of consumers’ personal information. The CCPA requires business privacy policies to include information on consumers’ privacy rights and how to exercise them: the
Right to Know
, the
Right to Delete
, the
Right to Opt-Out of Sale
, the
the Right to Correct
, the
the Right to Limit
, and the
Right to Non-Discrimination
.
4. Where can I find a business’s privacy policy?
Most businesses post their privacy policy on their websites. A link to it can usually be found at the bottom of the homepage and other webpages. The link’s title may include “Privacy” or “California Privacy Rights.” In a mobile app, the privacy policy may be linked on the download page for the app or in the app’s settings menu.
Back To Top
I. DATA BROKERS AND THE CCPA
1. What is a data broker?
Another California law,
Civil Code section 1798.99.80
, defines a data broker as “a business that knowingly collects and sells to third parties the personal information of a consumer with whom the business does not have a direct relationship.” This law exempts certain businesses that are regulated by other laws from this definition. Exempted businesses include consumer reporting agencies (commonly known as credit bureaus) and certain financial institutions and insurance companies.
Data brokers collect information about consumers from many sources including websites, other businesses, and public records. The data broker analyzes and packages the data for sale to other businesses.
2. How can I find data brokers that collect and sell my personal information?
The
California law on data brokers
requires data brokers covered by the law to register with the Attorney General and to provide certain information on their practices. The Data Broker Registry can be found on the Attorney General’s website at
https://oag.ca.gov/data-brokers
.
Data brokers are subject to the CCPA. On the Data Broker Registry website, you will find contact information and a website link for each registered data broker, as well as additional information to help you exercise your CCPA rights.
3. How can I stop a data broker from selling my personal information?
You can click on the “View Full Submission” link on the
Data Broker Registry
to get instructions on how to opt-out of the sale of your personal information. However, you may not be able to stop the sale of all of your information. The CCPA’s definition of “personal information” does not include information lawfully made available from government records, which are often sources used by data brokers.
You can also go to a data broker’s website through the link posted on the Registry and find the broker’s privacy policy to learn more about its privacy practices and how to exercise your CCPA rights.
Back To Top
Other Consumer Resources on CCPA
California Privacy Protection Agency’s FAQ on the CCPA
Consumer-Action.org
Take action! Exercise your rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act
Back To Top
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) Home
CCPA Enforcement Case Examples
File a Complaint
CCPA Regulations
CCPA Opt-Out Icon
Preliminary Rulemaking Activities
Global Privacy Control (GPC)
Privacy and Data Security
Privacy and Data Security Home
Business Privacy Resources
California Consumer Privacy Act
Consumer Privacy Resources
Data Breaches
Identity Theft
Privacy Enforcement Actions
Report a Breach
Protecting Children Online
Resources for Law Enforcement
Special Protection
Data Brokers
Data Broker Listing
Original text
Rate this translation
Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate