This website needs javascript enabled to function correctly.
Last Updated:
(
September 2020
)
Introduction
This Privacy Statement explains how the Public Transport Authority (“PTA” “us” or “we”) collects, uses and discloses your Personal Information. This Privacy Statement may change periodically, so please check back from time to time. For your information, the date of the last update to this Privacy Statement is stated at the top of this statement.
The Personal Information We Collect and How It Is Collected
When you access this website, our Internet Service Provider makes a record of your visit and logs the following information for statistical purposes:
Your server address;
Your top level domain name (for example .com, .gov, .au, .uk etc);
The date and time of your visit to the site;
The pages you accessed and documents downloaded;
The previous site you have visited; and
The type of browser you are using.
This information about your use is only analysed on a bulk basis for broad demographic content. Individual use is not analysed.
In certain areas of the PTA website, we may ask you to provide your name, gender, date of birth and contact details by registering for the website or participating in surveys.
If you use the PTA website to complete an online application form or booking we will collect any Personal Information you provide on that form which may include your name, date of birth, gender, marital status, address, email and telephone number. We will only collect the information contained in that application form if you submit the form to us. If you log out of the website or cancel the application prior to submitting the form, the information you had entered will be automatically deleted.
Depending on the application made we may also collect credit card or debit account details in order to provide you with our goods or services.
If you use the PTA’s online feedback form then we will collect your name, email address and SmartRider number. We will record your e-mail address if you send us a message.
If you have purchased a Smartrider we will collect information relating to your use of public transport and travel concession details.
If you have purchased a SmartCommuter card we will collect information relating to your use of public transport and travel concession details.
If you park at a public transport parking facility we will collect information relating to your use of the parking facilities and motor vehicle registration details.
If you use the Transperth mobile application (Transperth App) we will collect information as to your activity, location, telephone number and IP address.
We use third party social network for interactive information sharing and to connect with PTA customers. Examples include Facebook Twitter, LinkedIn and Instagram. If you share content from the Transperth website on your social media account, you will share information with other users. This refers to any information that you share publicly on a third party social network or information that is part of your profile on a third party social network and that you allow the third party social network to share with Transperth. By doing so you authorise us to facilitate this sharing of information. To learn more about how your information from a third party social network is obtained by PTA, or to opt-out of sharing such social network information, please visit the website of the relevant third party social network.
How We Use Your Personal Information
We may use your Personal Information to administer our services to you, manage our relationship with you, improve our services and send you newsletters or other PTA related commuter information.
We will not use or disclose Personal Information, including information collected using Cookies, other than for a purpose made known to you, a purpose you would reasonably expect, a purpose required, authorised or permitted by or under any law, or a purpose otherwise authorised by you.
Sharing of Your Personal Information
We may provide Personal Information to third parties including contractors who provide certain services related to the services of the PTA. These services include but are not limited to information technology support, electronic funds transfer services, credit card account processing and related services, call centre support and production of cards.
We may also share Personal Information with related PTA services including Transwa and Transperth.
Use of Cookies
Cookies are small files that store information on your computer, TV, mobile phone or other device. They enable PTA to recognise you across different websites, services, devices and/or browsing sessions. You can disable Cookies through your internet browser but our websites may not work as intended for you if you do so. The Cookie assigns you an ID which allows us to recognise you when you return to the website. We use Cookies to deliver content specific to your interests so users do not have to register each time they use the website.
Third party cookies are set by third parties. PTA uses Facebook Pixel on the Transperth website to tailor content for you within Facebook and to measure the success of PTA campaigns. Facebook Pixel collects data that helps us track conversions from Facebook ads, optimise ads, build targeted audiences for future ads, and remarket to people who have already taken some kind of action on our website. Facebook may link this information to your Facebook account. Facebook transmits and stores the information on servers in the United States. You may choose to change your permissions or opt out from such tailored content through Facebook’s ad preferences and by adjusting your Facebook settings..
Disclosure of Personal Information
We may disclose Personal Information, such as email addresses and subscription preferences, outside of Australia to third party suppliers located in the United States.
When you provide your Personal Information to us, you consent to the disclosure of your information outside of Australia and acknowledge that we are not required to ensure that overseas recipients handle that Personal Information in compliance with this Privacy Statement. We will, however, take reasonable steps to ensure that any overseas recipient will deal with such Personal Information in a way that is consistent with this Privacy Statement.
Use of Personal Information for Direct Marketing and opting out
By providing your address, email address and contact number to PTA, you consent to PTA contacting you for the purposes set out above. We may send you direct marketing communications and information about our services in a variety of ways includingby emails, SMS, mail, social media, Transperth Apps or other forms of communication. You may at any time choose to opt-out of receiving marketing materials from us by contacting us using the details set out below or by using the opt-out facilities provided.
Deletion and amendment of Personal Information
You can request amendments or deletion of your Personal Information by logging a request through the
feedback form
. Requests for amendments and deletion of your data is undertaken on the basis that PTA:
will endeavour to take all reasonable steps to amend or delete your Personal Information, to the extent that this is permissible under State and Commonwealth legislation (including the State Records Act (WA) 2000);
may require that you make a Freedom of Information request under the Freedom of Information Act 1992 (WA); and
will respond to your request as soon as reasonably practicable.
Links
Our website may contain links to websites operated by third parties. Those links are provided for convenience and may not remain current or be maintained. Unless expressly stated otherwise, we are not responsible for the privacy practices of, or any content on, those linked websites, and have no control over or rights in those linked websites. The privacy policies that apply to those other websites may differ substantially from our Privacy Policy, so we encourage individuals to read them before using those websites.
Security
Personal Information is securely stored by us and by third parties on our behalf. Fire walls and virus protection software are in place to protect our systems and data.
All Personal Information that is no longer required to be retained is destroyed or de-identified.
Service Updates
Current Service Availability
Live Train Status
Armadale and Thornlie Line Shutdown
Armadale and Thornlie Line - Shutdown
Train
Line
NOW
Airport
ON_TIME
Armadale\Thornlie
ON_TIME
Ellenbrook
ON_TIME
Fremantle
ON_TIME
Mandurah
ON_TIME
Midland
ON_TIME
Yanchep
ON_TIME
Bus
Current Bus Availability
Ferry
Current Ferry Availability
Follow us on Twitter
for updates &
        news.
Planned Service Changes
Planned Service Changes
Icon
What's changing?
Services
Route 100 – Additional Services
Effective: Sunday 6 April 2025
Bus
Armadale/Thornlie Line Frequency Changes
Effective: Monday 17 March 2025
Train
Perth CAT Service Changes
Effective: Sunday 16 March 2025
Bus
View all planned service changes
Theme picker