Authors
This is a product of
Chess King
and
ChessOK.com
companies.
Privacy Policy
Chess King
Privacy Policy
Chess King builds in analytics in our product to enable us to improve it, to give the user the best possible playing experience. This picks up anonymous data that simply allows us to find out what users do and do not like. Chess King fully respects the user's privacy and never collects information that could be directly linked to the user. Chess King also displays advertisements for better promotion and support of Chess King products. This is all governed by the following Privacy policy:
PLEASE NOTE THAT BY INSTALLING, USING OR OTHERWISE ACCESSING ANY CHESS KING MOBILE APPLICATION, YOU ARE AGREEING TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT INSTALL, USE OR OTHERWISE ACCESS OUR APPLICATIONS. We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at reasonable times, so please review it frequently. Your continued use of our applications will signify your acceptance of the changes to this Privacy Policy.
Anonymous Data
Advertisers who provide adverts to our mobile applications may access your unique device identifier and use this to target messages to you.
Chess King may collect and use anonymous data. We cannot identify you from this data.
Chess King may use the collected data in order to analyse how our applications are used, and use the information to develop and manage our applications. Chess King reserves the right to use the collected anonymous data ourselves or disclose it to our partners.
Third Party Terms and Conditions
Please note that certain third parties, including but not limited to application stores, may be needed in order for you to access our mobile applications. These third parties have their own privacy policies which Chess King cannot control. You agree that Chess King is not liable for their use of your personal information.
Links to Third Party Sites or Games
Our mobile applications are supported by advertisements, which provide access to third party sites or games.
Our mobile applications provide access to social networking, communication and search features.
By downloading the app you accept to receive advertising materials by email. You can unsubscribe using the link provided in these emails.
Please be aware that, if you use any of these links you will leave our app and the page you go to will not be governed by our privacy policy. We cannot be responsible for the privacy of any information you provide whilst outside of our app.
Third party libraries
Our mobile application use some third party libraries downloaded from official sources. Due to licenses of such libraries, we can improve and change them. Here is the list of such libraries.
Cocoa framework for rendering SVG files natively named
SVGKit
from
here