Home
Tapatalk Groups
Tapatalk Mobile
Tapatalk VIP
Support
TAPATALK APPLICATION PRIVACY POLICY
TAPATALK APPLICATION PRIVACY POLICY
Tapatalk, Inc. ("
Tapatalk
", "
we
", "
our
", or "
us
"), a Delaware corporation located in the United States of America, is a developer of mobile applications for forums, discussion boards, blogs, websites, and other  communication platforms, which are available for various mobile operating systems ("
Application
").
The Application makes websites, chat rooms, forums, message boards, blogs, RSS Feeds, and/or news groups (collectively, "
Sites
") available to users of the Application. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to post your personal information on any Site.
This Privacy Policy describes the Application’s collection, use and sharing of personally identifiable information ("
PII
"), which may include your email address that you voluntarily provide when using the Application.  We are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of the website whose content you are viewing through the Application.  You should review their privacy and security practices and policies to determine, among other things, how they will handle any PII they collect from you.
The Application is hosted in the United States, and is not directed to individuals under the age of thirteen (13). Tapatalk does not knowingly collect PII from individuals under thirteen (13) years of age.  You authorize us to use the information collected in connection with your use of the Application as described in this Privacy Policy, which may involve transferring and storing such information across and outside your country to a country (such as a country outside of the European Economic Area) that may provide a different level of protection for such information.
BY USING THE APPLICATION, YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU HAVE READ AND UNDERSTOOD, AND AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT UNDERSTAND, OR DO NOT AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THIS PRIVACY POLICY, YOU MUST IMMEDIATELY STOP USING THE APPLICATION.
INFORMATION COLLECTED
We do not collect any PII unless you voluntarily submit such information to us, by for example, registering for a Tapatalk account. To be clear, we do not collect any "sensitive personal data" as defined in the European Union.  When you register with us to use the Application, you provide your email address, user name, password and other registration information.  We do not store passwords on our servers except those provided by you for use with Tapatalk Connect.  If you use Facebook Login or Google + to log into the Application, we also collect and store certain additional information such as your birth date, likes, friends, etc.
We also collect non-personally identifiable information ("
Non-PII
") about you in a number of ways, including tracking your activities through your IP address and an anonymous device identifier, some of which may be considered "personal data" in some jurisdictions in the European Union and elsewhere, but none of this data identifies you individually. In addition, the Application collects certain Non-PII automatically, such as demographic and profile data, device ad identification, content viewed, information that allows us to periodically determine your location, and mobile device and usage information, which may include (i) information about the way you use the Application, (ii) information specific to your mobile device (such as make, model, operating system, Internet browser, device IP address, anonymous device and/or advertising identifier and similar information), (iii) information about your use of features, functions, or notifications on the device, and (iv) signal strength relating to WiFi or Bluetooth functionality, temperature, battery level, and similar technical data.  We may collect the foregoing information even if you are not logged in to the Application.  For iOS users, you should be able to adjust the settings on your iOS device to prevent collection of location information by disabling the location services feature on your device.  For Android users, you should be able to adjust your settings on your Android device to prevent collection of location information by disabling Bluetooth and location service features on your device.
USE AND SHARING OF INFORMATION
Tapatalk does not sell or rent any PII you provide to us.  Except as set forth in this Privacy Policy, we only use the information you provide us for the purpose such information was provided.
After you join a Site through the Application, we will send information you provide or we gather (such as your name, username, and email) to the applicable Site so that you become a member of that Site, and you agree to comply with the rules, regulations, end-user license agreement, and terms of service of each such Site.  Your information may also be used by us to send you periodic updates on trending discussions from the Sites you joined, if you receive a "like" for one of your posts to a Site, and/or if you were quoted in a post on a site.  You may opt-out of receiving future mailings from us by following the instructions set forth in the Email Opt-Out section below.
If you use Facebook Login or Google + to log into the Application, these services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share (or not share) certain PII and other information with us such as your name, email address, and birthdate to create a Tapatalk ID, which we will use to log you into and share with the requested Site. Services like Facebook Login give you the option to post information about your Tapatalk activities to your Facebook profile page to share with others within your Facebook network.
Non-PII we receive from you and/or through your use of the Application will be used to tailor your experience with the Application, including showing you content we think you might be interested in, advertising, measuring advertising performance, and related research.  Such Non-PII may be used by itself, aggregated, or combined with other Non-PII such as mobile identifiers (e.g., IDFAs and Android IDs), and also may be shared with advertisers and other third parties, including business partners such as advertising businesses who are obligated to comply with applicable laws concerning usage of the information, as well as our corporate affiliates, in connection with the Application (such third parties and affiliates collectively, "
Affiliates
"). This information may also be used to deliver you information and/or promotional materials about our company and/or our Affiliates, to carry out other purposes that are disclosed to you and to which you consent, as well as by us for trend analysis, pattern detection, and site administration. In addition, our Affiliates may share this information with their own third-party business partners who may use the information either for themselves or on behalf of the applicable Affiliate, each only for the purposes set forth above.
In addition, there may be other instances when Tapatalk may access or disclose PII or Non-PII, including under the following circumstances: (i) to protect or defend the legal rights or property of Tapatalk and/or our Affiliates; (ii) to protect the safety and security of users of the Application or members of the public including acting in urgent circumstances; (iii) to protect against fraud or for risk management purposes; or (iv) to comply with applicable law, rules, regulations, or legal process. Further, if Tapatalk sells all or part of our business or sells or transfers all or a material part of our assets, or is otherwise involved in a merger or transfer of all or a material part of our business, we may transfer your PII or Non-PII to the party or parties involved in the transaction as part of that transaction.
FOLLOWING USERS AND THREADS
We provide features in the Application that allow you to follow other users or Sites. These features will also allow other users to follow you or follow specific threads that you make via the Application. In the event that you do not want to allow other users to follow you or your threads, please visit the Settings section in the Application to make certain information private where available.
ANALYTICS SERVICE PROVIDERS
We may allow certain third-party analytics service providers to include tracking methodologies such as anonymous identifiers within the Application. These service providers aggregate information about what you see and interact with the Application.
None of the PII that you provide to us when using the Service is shared with our third party analytics service providers as part of our analytics programs.
ADVERTISEMENTS; AD NETWORKS; OTHER THIRD PARTIES
We may allow certain third-party companies to serve advertisements to you and collect anonymous information regarding your use of the Application. Typically, these companies are third party ad servers, ad agencies, technology vendors, providers of sponsored content and research firms, and they may include tracking methodologies such as anonymous device identifiers within the Application to collect anonymous information in order to provide customized content and/or ads, auditing, research and reporting for us, our partners, and advertisers when you visit certain pages of the Application, and other websites or applications. For example, because your web browser must request these advertisements and/or web beacons from the third-party’s web servers, these companies can view, edit or set their own Cookies, just as if you had requested a webpage from their website directly.  When you view or interact with an advertisement, the possibility exists that these companies will make the assumption that you are interested in the subject matter of the advertisements.
In addition, we or a data partner we have engaged may collect and store a unique identifier matched to your mobile device, in order to deliver customized ads or content while you use the Application or other websites or applications, or to seek to identify you in a unique manner across other devices or browsers.  In order to customize these ads or content, we or our data partner may connect de-identified demographic or other data about you (received from third parties) either to data you voluntarily submitted to us (such as your email address), or to data passively collected from you (such as your device identifier or IP address).  However, we will only share your email address with our data partners in hashed, non-human readable form.
The above third-party companies offer information about their data collection practices, and in some cases, an opt-out of interest-based advertising, on their respective websites. To obtain a list of these third parties in order to request their privacy policy information and learn about the controls that may be available to you, please email us at
support@tapatalk.com
. You can also learn more about ad serving companies and opt-out capabilities at the
Network Advertising Initiative Website
or the
Digital Advertising Alliance Website
.
Please note this does not opt you out of being served all advertising. If you use the Application after opting out, you will continue to receive generic advertisements.
LINKS
The Application may contain links to websites or applications not operated by us.  The Application may also carry advertisements from third party companies not associated with us.  The Application is not responsible for the privacy practices of websites or applications or other services operated by third parties that are linked to or from the Application or for the privacy practices of third party advertising companies. Once you leave the Application via a link, access a website, a third party application or click on an advertisement, you should check the applicable privacy policy of the website or application to determine, among other things, how they will handle any PII they collect from you.
SECURITY
The Application uses commercially reasonable physical, electronic, and procedural measures designed to safeguard PII in our possession against loss, theft and unauthorized use, disclosure, or modification. In addition, the Application uses reasonable methods in an effort to make sure that the PII we store about you is consistent with the updated information you provide to us.
CLOSE OR MODIFY YOUR ACCOUNT; RETENTION OF INFORMATION
If you used Tapatalk Connect to register for a Site and if you remove the Application or close your Tapatalk account, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that your information is no longer accessible or used by the Application.  However, we retain and may use your information as necessary to comply with our legal and/or financial obligations, resolve disputes, enforce our agreements, and other legitimate business purposes (including, for document retention and security purposes).  While we have limited capability to allow changes or modification of the information you previously provided to us, please email us at
support@tapatalk.com
for assistance.
If you registered for a Site without using Tapatalk Connect, for example by registering using an email and password you provided to the Site, contact the Site to close or modify your account with the Site.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
From time-to-time, we may modify this Privacy Policy to reflect industry initiatives or changes in the law, our PII collection and use practices, changes in the features of the Application or technology, and such modifications shall be effective upon an update to the Application.
Your continued use of the Application after we post a revised Privacy Policy signifies your acceptance of the revised Privacy Policy. Therefore, it is important that you review this Privacy Policy regularly to ensure you are updated as to any changes.
If the Application materially changes its practices regarding collection or use of your PII, your PII will continue to be governed by the Privacy Policy under which it was collected unless you have been provided notice of, and have not objected to, the change. Our Privacy Policy was last updated on and is effective as of December 20, 2016.
CONTACT INFORMATION AND OPT-OUT POLICY
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, or you do not wish to receive any information from us, please contact us at
support@tapatalk.com
or at:
Tapatalk, Inc.
202 Bicknell Avenue
Santa Monica, CA 90405
Getting Started
Tapatalk Groups
Tapatalk Mobile
Tapatalk VIP
Support
Back to top
Get the Tapatalk app
PRODUCTS
Tapatalk Groups
Tapatalk Mobile App
SUPPORT
Support Forum
Submit Security Incident
ABOUT US
LinkedIn
Crunchbase
Privacy Policy
End-User License Agreement
Site Owner License Agreement
© 2024 Everforo, Inc
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://tapatalk.com/privacy_policy:
tapatalk.com
Verifying you are human. This may take a few seconds.
tapatalk.com needs to review the security of your connection before proceeding.
Verification successful
Waiting for tapatalk.com to respond...
Enable JavaScript and cookies to continue