Work
About
Get Started
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting our website. At Supp App Pty Ltd, ABN 63 610 830 763 (“Supp”), we are committed to protecting your privacy as a user of our app or as an online visitor to our website. We use the information we collect about you to maximise the services that we provide to you. We respect the privacy and confidentiality of the personal information provided by you and adhere to the Privacy Act 1988 and Australian Privacy Principles (APPs). Please read our privacy policy below carefully.
Supp provides a community jobs marketplace for the hospitality industry which allows Businesses and Individuals to connect. However, it should be noted that we are purely a marketplace, and we offer no assurance that Individuals will get hired, or that Businesses will find suitable Individuals. It is advised that you also read our Terms & Conditions which is available on the website and in the app.
You may change your details at any time by advising us in writing via email or using the platform functionality. All information we receive from our customers is protected by industry standard security practices. All information sent to us is encrypted using standard transport-level encryption technologies. Furthermore, all customer data collected is secured against unauthorised use or access. Credit card information is not stored by us. By using our app or website, you consent to this Privacy Policy.
Storage And Security Of Your Information
We receive and store information that you enter on our website and platform, or give us in any other way from time to time. You may provide us with personal information that can identify you, including basic contact information such as your name, phone number, address, email address and information for identification purposes (“Personal Data”) to enable us to review your application and approve and create your profile for access to the platform, and we may also collect additional information at other times, including but not limited to, when you provide feedback, change your content or email preferences, respond to a survey, or communicate with our customer services.
We may use Personal Data collected from you for the purpose of providing you with direct marketing material, updates regarding our platform or website. If you wish to cease receiving any such information you may let us know either by email or unsubscribing at any time and your request will be promptly actioned. Individual profile and company details are not used for any other purpose. Details are only supplied to third party services when it is required by law, for services which you have purchased or to protect our copyright, trademarks and other legal rights.
We respect the privacy of our online visitors. We may collect information on or through this website that can personally identify you. For example, we collect personally identifiable information which you volunteer to us to respond to visitor questions and comments about us and our services (“Personal Data”).We will use all reasonable means to protect the confidentiality of your Personal Data while in our possession or control.
We will not knowingly share any of your Personal Data with any third party other than our service providers who assist us in providing the information and/or services we are providing to you. To the extent that we do share your personal information with a service provider, we would only do so if that party has agreed to comply with our privacy standards as described in this privacy policy. Some of our service providers may be overseas and may not be subject to the Privacy Act 1988 and the APPs. Please contact us if you require specific details.
Any non-personal information, communications and material you send to our website, platform or to us by email, or which we obtain from third parties without promises of confidentiality, may be kept, used and disclosed by us on a non-confidential basis. We are free to use and reproduce any such information freely, and for any purpose whatsoever. Specifically, we will be free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in such information for any purpose, including developing or marketing services.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file placed in your web browser that collects information about your web browsing behaviour. Use of cookies allows a website to tailor its configuration to your needs and preferences. Cookies do not access information stored on your computer or any personal information (e.g. name, address, email address or telephone number). Most web browsers automatically accept cookies but you can choose to reject cookies by changing your browser settings.
This may, however, prevent you from taking full advantage of our website.Our website may use cookies to analyse website traffic and help us provide a better website visitor experience. In addition, cookies may be used to serve relevant ads to website visitors through third party services such as Google Adwords. These ads may appear on this website or other websites you visit.
Disclosure Of Your Information
We may from time to time need to disclose certain information, which may include your Personal Data, to comply with a legal requirement, such as a law, regulation, court order, subpoena, warrant, in the course of a legal proceeding or in response to a law enforcement agency request. Also, we may use your Personal Data to protect our rights, property or safety, our customers or third parties.
If there is a change of control in one of our businesses (whether by merger, sale, transfer of assets or otherwise) customer information, which may include your Personal Data, could be disclosed to a potential purchaser under a confidentiality agreement. We would only disclose your information in good faith and where required by any of the above circumstances.
Third Parties
We use a third party service called Typeform to collect user information and you will complete the inputs to this database when you fill out the application form on our website or the in-app sign up button. The storage of personal information by Typeform is governed by, the terms and conditions set out in the TYPEFORM terms of use and privacy policy that is set out on the Typeform website
http://www.typeform.com/
. We do not and will not sell or deal in personal or customer information except through a change of control in one of our businesses. We will never disclose your Personal Data to a third party except the necessary information required by providers of services you have purchased or to protect our rights, property or safety, our customers or third parties or if required by law.
We may however use in a general sense without any reference to your name or your other your personal information to create marketing statistics, identify user demands and to assist it in meeting customer needs generally. In addition, we may use the information that you provide to improve our platform and services but not for any other use.
Credit Cards
Confidential credit card information required by the platform is processed by Stripe. For more information on Stripe's security policies, please refer to their website at
https://stripe.com/au
. We will not use any credit card information for marketing purposes.
Security
We strive to ensure the security, integrity and privacy of personal information submitted to our website, and we periodically update our security measures in light of current technologies.
Children’s Privacy
By using the Supp Platform, you confirm that you are at least 18 years of age and that you are competent to accept and have accepted the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. The Services are not aimed at nor intended for children under the age of eighteen (18) years of age. If you are under the age of eighteen (18), please do not use the Services. Supp does not accept registration from children under eighteen (18) years of age and no one under the age of eighteen (18) may provide any information to or through the Services. Additionally, no personally identifiable information (as defined in the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”), is purposefully or knowingly collected from children under the age of thirteen (13) by Supp. If you are a parent or guardian of a child under thirteen (13) years of age, and believe your child disclosed information to us, please contact us by emailing us at customerservice@suppapp.com. If we learn that we have collected or received Personally Identifiable Information of persons under thirteen (13) years of age without verification of parental consent, we will exercise commercially reasonable efforts to delete this information.
Your Choices
You may decline to provide any Personal Information to us and it’s your choice whether to put Personal Information on your profile. With respect to your profile, please do not post or add Personal Information to your profile that you would not want to be publicly available. If you choose not to provide any Personally Identifiable Information, you may not be able to use the Services or certain aspects of the Services, and we will not be able to provide you some of the features and functionality of the Services.
Per Supp’s Terms & Conditions, You may opt out of receiving emails and other messages from Supp by following the instructions in those messages. Please note that if you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional messages, such as transactional messages regarding service engagements or information about your account.
If you wish to access, amend, or update your Personal Information or account preferences, you may do so by logging into your account.
Upon your written request, Supp will remove any of your Personal Information in its possession and will cease using such Personal Information, subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy and the Terms & Conditions. You may request access to and removal of such Personal Information by emailing us at customerservice@suppapp.com. In some circumstances, Supp may not be able to completely remove all Personal Information about a particular user from its systems. For example, we may retain information about a user for legitimate business purposes, if it may be necessary to prevent fraud or future abuse, for account recovery purposes, if required by law, or as retained in Supp’s data backup systems. All retained Personal Information will continue to be subject to the terms of the Privacy Policy to which the user has previously agreed.
Links
The Supp platform may contain links to other websites. These links are meant for your convenience only. Links to third party websites do not constitute sponsorship or endorsement or approval of these websites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other websites. We encourage our users to be aware, when they leave our website, to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this website.
Disclosures For Residents Of California
If you reside in California, the California Consumer Privacy Act provides you with additional rights to know, access, and delete your personal information. You also have the rights to opt out of the sale of your personal information by a business and to be free from discrimination for exercising your California privacy rights. Supp will not discriminate against you for exercising your privacy rights, nor do we “sell” your  personal information. However, if under the CCPA the term “sell” is interpreted to include sharing your personal information for personalized advertising, we will comply with the applicable law regarding such activity.
Right to Know. You have the right to know and see what data we have collected about you over the past 12 months, including:
The categories of personal information we have collected about you;
The categories of sources from which the personal information is collected;
The business or commercial purpose for collecting and sharing your personal information;
The categories of third parties with whom we have shared your personal information; and
The specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.
Although the information we collect is described in greater detail above, we collect:
Identifiers including name, email, telephone number, and IP address;
Demographics including age;
Commercial information -including work preferences and services obtained or considered;
Internet and other electronic network activity, including device information and usage data including page views, and calls and text messages;
Education Information including work experience;
Inferences about preferences, characteristics, behaviors, attitudes, abilities, and aptitudes; and
Health Information including any information you provide us regarding yourself or a Partner.
For more information on our collection practices, including the types and sources of information we receive, please refer to the full Privacy Policy above.
Right to Access & Delete. If you would like to download or delete your personal information, you can do so by emailing us at customerservice@suppapp.com. You may also designate an authorized agent to make a request to access or delete your information. We do not currently have a method of verifying to a reasonable degree of certainty the identity of users who do not have a Registered Account, as we do not maintain enough personal information to enable us to verify such users. Accordingly, we cannot honor the access or deletion requests of non-registered users at this time. Additionally, there are a number of exceptions to the information we delete, including but not limited to when information is necessary for us or a third party to do any of the following:
Complete a transaction;
Provide you a service;
Perform a contract between you and Supp;
Protect your security and prosecute those responsible for breaching or attempting to breach it;
Fix our systems in the case of a bug;
Protect the free speech rights of you or others;
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act;
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws;
Comply with a legal obligation; or
Make other internal and lawful uses of the information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
California Law permits California residents to request certain information once per year regarding our disclosure of “personal information” (as that term is defined under applicable California law) to third parties for such third parties’ direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send notice by email to customerservice@suppapp.com, noting that you are making a “California Privacy Request”.
Change In Privacy Policy
As we plan to ensure our privacy policy remains current, this policy is subject to change. We may modify this policy at any time, in our sole discretion and all modifications will be effective immediately upon our posting of the modifications on this website. Please return periodically to review our privacy policy.
If you have any questions or concerns at any time about our privacy policy or the use of your personal information, please contact us at hello@suppapp.com and we will respond within 48 hours to provide you with details of personal information held about you and manage your request for personal information in accordance with the Privacy Act 1988 and Australian Privacy Principles (APPs).
If we decide to change this Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on this page, and update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This Privacy Policy was last modified on 30.08.2021.
Contact us
Get in touch with our Supp-ort team today!
‍
Get Help
Thank you! Your submission has been received!
Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form.