Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
About Us
Your privacy is important to us. This privacy notice sets out how END. will processes your personal data if you are a customer or user of END.'s website or mobile applications.  END.'s services are neither aimed at nor intended for children.  If you are a child, then you must inform your parent or guardian of this notice.
END. is the trading name of Ashworth and Parker Limited (collectively referred to as "END.", "we", "us" or "our" in this notice).  We are the data controller of your personal data.
Our data protection officer (DPO) is responsible for overseeing questions in relation to this notice.  If you have any questions about this notice, including any requests to exercise your legal rights, then please contact our DPO
here
.
The Personal Data We Collect About You
When you make a purchase online or at any of our retail stores, we will collect necessary information about you to ensure we can fulfil your order or chosen service.
If you choose to pay by card, we will need to collect your payment information in order to process payment. We may ask for additional information from you for a number of reasons: for example, to prevent fraudulent transactions; to comply with anti-money laundering obligations for high-value transactions; or to ensure that we comply with our legal obligations.
When you place an order with END. for products or services that will be delivered, collected or provided at a later date, we will need to take additional contact details and delivery information from you so that we may complete your order. We use third-party couriers to deliver your order and will need to share your contact information with them for this purpose.
Personal data means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified.  It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data).
We may collect, use, store, transfer and otherwise process different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together as follows:
Identity Data
includes name, username or similar identifier, marital status, title, date of birth and gender.
Contact Data
includes billing address, delivery address, email address and telephone numbers.
Financial Data
includes bank account and payment card details.
Transaction Data
includes details about payments to and from you and other details of products/services you have purchased from us.
Technical Data
includes information collected when you access our website or mobile applications, your internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform, and other technology on the devices you use to access our website or mobile applications.
Profile Data
includes your username and password, purchases or orders made by you, your interests, preferences, feedback and survey responses.
Usage Data
includes information about how you use our website, mobile applications, Wi-Fi and similar electronic services.
Marketing and Communications Data
includes your marketing and communication preferences.
CCTV Data
includes footage from CCTV and other similar equipment which we operate in our stores.
Failure to Provide Personal Data
Where we need to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of a contract we have with you, and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (e.g., to provide you with products/services).  In this case, we may have to cancel a product/ service but we will notify you if this is the case at the time.
Methods of Collection
We use different methods to collect data from and about you including as set out below:
Direct interactions:
You may give us your personal data in your direct interactions with us (e.g., Identity Data, Contact Data and Financial Data) by filling in forms, through our mobile applications or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email or otherwise. This includes personal data you provide when you: (i) enquire about, apply for or order our products/services; (ii) create an account; (iii) subscribe to our communications; (iv) request marketing to be sent to you; (v) enter a competition, promotion, raffle or survey; or (vi) give us feedback or contact us.
Website, mobile applications and cookies:
As you interact with our website and mobile applications, we will automatically collect Technical Data about your device, browsing actions and patterns.  We collect this personal data by using cookies, server logs and other similar technologies.  We may also receive Technical Data about you if you visit other websites employing our cookies. Please see our
Cookie Notice
for further details.
Using Klarna?
In order to offer you Klarna’s payment methods, we might pass your personal data in the form of contact and order details to Klarna in the checkout process, in order for Klarna to assess whether you qualify for their payment methods and to tailor those payment methods for you. Your personal data transferred is processed in line with
Klarna’s own privacy notice
.
How we process your Personal Data
We will only process your personal data when the law allows us to do so.  Most commonly, we will process your personal data in the following circumstances:
Performance of a contract:
Where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you.
Legitimate interests:
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
Legal or regulatory obligation:
Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation that we are subject to.
Consent:
Where you have given us consent to process your personal data for a specific purpose.
With limited exceptions (e.g., some of our electronic marketing), we do not rely on consent as a lawful basis for processing your personal data.  You have the right to withdraw consent to marketing at any time by contacting us.
Purposes and Lawful Bases for processing your Personal Data
We have set out below a description of all the ways we may process your personal data, and which of the lawful bases we rely on to do so. We have also identified what our legitimate interests are where appropriate.
Purpose/Activity:
To register you as a new customer
Type of personal data:
(a) Identity Data, (b) Contact Data
Lawful basis of processing:
Performance of a contract
Purpose/Activity:
To process and deliver your order (including managing payments, fees and charges, and collecting and recovering money owed to us)
Type of personal data:
(a) Identity Data, (b) Contact Data, (c) Financial Data, (d) Transaction Data, (e) Marketing and Communications Data
Lawful basis of processing:
(a) Performance of a contract, (b) Legitimate interests (to recover debts due to us)
Purpose/Activity:
To manage our relationship with you (including notifying you about changes to our terms or this notice and asking you to leave a review or take a survey)
Type of personal data:
(a) Identity Data, (b) Contact Data, (c) Profile Data, (d) Marketing and Communications Data
Lawful basis of processing:
(a) Performance of a contract, (b) Legal or regulatory obligation, (c) Legitimate interests (to keep our records updated and understand how customers use our products/services)
Purpose/Activity:
To enable you to take part in a prize draw, competition, raffle or complete a survey
Type of personal data:
(a) Identity Data, (b) Contact Data, (c) Profile Data, (d) Usage Data, (e) Marketing and Communications Data
Lawful basis of processing:
(a) Performance of a contract, (b) Legitimate interests (to understand how customers use our products/services, to develop them and grow our business)
Purpose/Activity:
To administer and protect our business, website and mobile applications (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data)
Type of personal data:
(a) Identity Data, (b) Contact Data, (c) Technical Data
Lawful basis of processing:
(a) Legitimate interests (for running our business, provision of administration and IT services, network security, to prevent fraud and in the context of a business reorganisation or group restructuring exercise), (b) Legal obligation
Purpose/Activity:
To deliver relevant content and advertisements to you and measure or understand the effectiveness our advertising
Type of personal data:
(a) Identity Data, (b) Contact Data, (c) Profile Data, (d) Usage Data, (e) Marketing and Communications Data, (f) Technical Data
Lawful basis of processing:
Legitimate interests (to understand how customers use our products/services, to develop them, to grow our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
Purpose/Activity:
To use data analytics to improve our website, mobile applications, products/services, marketing, customer relationships and experiences
Type of personal data:
(a) Technical Data, (b) Usage Data
Lawful basis of processing:
Legitimate interests (to define types of customers for our products/services, to keep our website and mobile applications updated and relevant, to develop our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
Purpose/Activity:
To make suggestions and recommendations to you about products/services that may be of interest to you
Type of personal data:
(a) Identity Data, (b) Contact Data, (c) Technical Data, (d) Usage Data, (e) Profile Data, (f) Marketing and Communications Data
Lawful basis of processing:
Legitimate interests (to develop our products/services and grow our business)
Purpose/Activity:
To keep our stores safe and secure
Type of personal data:
CCTV Data
Lawful basis of processing:
Legitimate interests (to keep our stores secure and those within them safe)
Change of Purpose
We will only process your personal data for the purposes that we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that any further processing is compatible with the original purpose.  If you would like an explanation as to how further processing is compatible with the original purpose, then please contact us.
If we need to process your personal data for an unrelated purpose, then we will notify you and we will explain the lawful basis which allows us to do so.
We may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where required or permitted by law.
Marketing and Exercising your Right to opt-out of Marketing
At any point that you interact with us, you may be given the opportunity to opt in to receive END. marketing communications. We will only send you marketing communications when you have consented to receive them, and we will do so using your preferred channels of communication.
We will generally send you marketing material that we believe you will be interested in based on your previous spending behaviour. You may not receive all types of communications that you have chosen to receive. To understand more about the criteria we use to determine which marketing communications you receive, please contact our team.
If you ask us to stop processing your personal data for marketing purposes (e.g., by following the opt-out links on any electronic marketing sent to you or by otherwise contacting us
here
we will action your request. No Third-Party Marketing
We do not share your personal data with any third parties for their own marketing purposes.
No Third-Party Marketing
We do not share your personal data with any third parties for their own marketing purposes.
CCTV
For your safety, and the prevention and detection of crime, CCTV is in operation during your visit to any of our retail outlets.
Please note: if the police or any other regulatory or government authority investigating suspected illegal activities requests CCTV images of you or any other personal information relating to you, we are obliged to comply.
Cookies
Cookies are small text files that are stored within your internet browser by the websites that you visit. In a similar way to many other websites, END. Clothing uses cookies to understand more about your visit and help us to enhance your experience.
Specifically, we use technology such as “cookies” to collect information and store your online preferences. Small pieces of information sent by a web server to a web browser, cookies allow the server to uniquely identify the browser on each page.
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies.  If you disable or refuse cookies, then some parts of our website or mobile applications may become inaccessible or not function properly.
We use Google Analytics tools to study, and then improve, how customers interact with our website - this is known as website analytics. Analytics cookies allow us to understand more about how many visitors we have to the website, how many times they visit Endclothing.com  and how many times a user viewed specific webpages within our site. Although analytics cookies allow us to gather specific information about the pages that you visit and whether you have visited endclothing.com multiple times, we cannot use them to find out details such as your name or address.
Your personal information when visiting our website will only be used for analytical purposes and to provide you with a better on-line shopping experience. We will not share your personal information with any other external third party  for any other purpose other than analytics.
You will also be notified when visiting our website via a cookie banner. For more information about the cookies we use, please see our
Cookie Notice
.
Disclosures of your Personal Data
We may have to share your personal data with the parties set out below for the purposes that we collected the personal data.
Service providers who provide IT and system administration services.
Professional advisers including lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers who provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services.
HMRC, regulators and other authorities.
Third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer or merge parts of our business or our assets. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may process your personal data in the same way as set out in this notice.
To third parties making such enquires that are concerned with a) the prevention or detection of crime b) the prosecution or apprehension of offenders c) protecting the vital interests of a person. Any such requests for personal information will only be met upon submission of a DPA by the third party. This applies to any Police investigation and all external fraud investigations
(such as credit or debit card providers).
We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law.  We do not allow our third-party service providers to process your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
International Transfers
In some cases the parties who we use to process personal data on our behalf are based outside the EEA so their processing of your personal data will involve a transfer of data outside the EEA.
Whenever we transfer your personal data out of the EEA, we ensure a similar degree of protection is afforded to it by ensuring at least one of the following safeguards is implemented:
We will only transfer your personal data to countries that have been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data by the European Commission.  For further details, see European Commission: Adequacy of the protection of personal data in non-EU countries.
Where we use certain service providers, we may use specific contracts approved by the European Commission which give personal data the same protection it has in Europe.  For further details, see European Commission: Model contracts for the transfer of personal data to third countries.
If you would like further information on the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your personal data out of the EEA, then please contact us.
Data Security
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed.  In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know.  They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
Data Retention
We will only retain your personal data for as long as reasonably necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or reporting requirements and for the establishment or defence of legal claims.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
In some circumstances we may anonymise your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes, in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
Your Data Protection Rights
You have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data which include the following:
Your right of access:
You have the right to ask us for copies of your personal information
Your right to rectification:
You have the right to ask us to rectify personal information you think is inaccurate. You also have the right to ask us to complete information you think is incomplete.
Your right to erasure:
You have the right to ask us to erase your personal information in certain circumstances.
Your right to restriction of processing:
You have the right to ask us to restrict the processing of your personal information in certain circumstances
Your right to object to processing:
You have the right to object to the processing of your personal information in certain circumstances.
Your right to data portability:
You have the right to ask that we transfer the personal information you gave us to another organisation, or to you, in certain circumstances.
Please contact us
here
if you wish to make a request.
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights).  However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive.  Alternatively, we could refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights).  This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it.  We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month.  Occasionally it could take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests.  In this case we will notify you with our reasons explained.
You also have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues (www.ico.org.uk).
Information Commissioner’s Office
Wycliffe House
Water Lane
Wilmslow
Cheshire
SK9 5A
Helpline number: 0303 123 1113
We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the ICO so please feel free to contact us in the first instance.
Changes to This Notice and Your Personal Data
We may update this notice from time to time and will notify you of changes where we are required to do so by law.
It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current.  Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us.  An easy way to do this is through your END. account, but please also feel free to contact us.
Any future changes to our Privacy notice will be updated online at www.endclothing.com with the last date of update displayed below. We encourage you to periodically check this site to learn about the information that we collect, use and share.
The Ashworth and Parker Limited Privacy Notice was last updated June 2022.
When you click "Accept All Cookies," you allow us to save cookies on your device. This helps the site run smoother, lets us see how people use it and supports a more personalised online experience.
Cookie Settings
Accept All
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit a website, it might save some info on your browser, usually as cookies. These cookies can be about you, what you like, or your device, and they help the site work the way you expect. They don’t usually reveal who you are but can make your online experience feel more personal. We care about your privacy, so you can decide to block certain types of cookies. Just click on the different categories to learn more and adjust the settings. Keep in mind, though, that blocking some cookies might affect how the site works or limit the services we can offer.
More information
Accept All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label