The Game Storm Studios Privacy Policy
Background
The privacy of your personal information is afforded the highest level of importance by The Game Storm Studios.
We will strictly comply with all relevant legislative requirements, and, in the event of any inconsistency, the legislative requirements will override the provisions of this document.
We reserve the right to amend our Privacy Policy at any time without notice to you, and such amendments will take effect from the date of issue on our website.
If you are a minor at law (which usually means you are aged under 18 in countries including Australia and the United States, though this age may vary depending on where you are located), you must get your parent or guardian’s permission before providing us with any personal information.
Collection of Information
We will only collect information where it is reasonably necessary to do so for the conduct of our business. Any collection of personal information by us will be fair and lawful and will not be intrusive.
We may collect information regarding your use of our software, applications and/or services, including information about the duration of your use, the features you use and your interactions with other users of the software, applications and/or services.
We may collect information regarding the device you use to access the software, applications and/or services, including (where applicable) its model, operating system, screen resolution and other technical information.
Use and Disclosure of Information
In general, we will not use or disclose personal information about you otherwise than for the purpose of providing or offering goods and services to you, for any other purpose that you may reasonably expect, for any other purpose authorized by law, or for any other purposes disclosed to or authorized by you. This may include disclosures to organizations that provide us with professional advice, such as solicitors, accountants and business advisors.
It may be necessary for the information to be disclosed to other organizations in the course of our provision of services, or for the conduct of our business. These other organizations may include other parties involved in the provision of services to you, our business partners involved in the software, applications and/or services we provide to you, and other organizations providing services to us, such as payment processors or hosting services. We direct all such organizations to maintain the confidentiality of the information disclosed to them and to not use your information for any purpose other than to provide services on our behalf or to us.
We may provide aggregated or anonymous information to third parties for the purposes of developing and delivering targeted advertising. We will not share your personal information with such third parties without your consent.
We may use information held about you to verify your compliance with any terms and conditions that may apply to use of our software, applications and/or services.
The precise information required to be provided will vary depending on the circumstances requiring disclosure of that information.
Any personal information submitted to us online, including via the software and/or services, may need to be processed by a third party. By submitting personal information online or via the software and/or services, you consent to the disclosure of that information to a third party, who may be located overseas, for the sole purpose of processing the submitted 
information.
Transfer of Information Overseas
You expressly agree that we may transfer and store your information on servers and equipment located in any territory, including, without limitation, Australia and the United States of America etc.
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
• Internal record keeping.
• We may use the information to improve our products and services.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Links to other websites
Our game may contain advertising and links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties, except in delivery of this game, unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting.