Please read these Terms of Service carefully and thoroughly as they
contain important information about your rights, remedies and
obligations. By accessing or using the Worldpackers Platform, you
are agreeing to abide by these Terms of Service and to be bound by
them.
Last Update:
March 25, 2019
Thank you for using Worldpackers' services!
These Terms of Service ("
Terms
") constitute a binding agreement
("
Agreement
") between you and Worldpackers (as defined below),
governing your access to and use of the Worldpackers website,
including its sub-domains, and any other sites on which Worldpackers
makes available its services (collectively, "
Site
"), our mobile
applications, tablet or other applicable smart device, and application
program interfaces (collectively, "
Application
") and all
related services (collectively, "
Worldpackers' Services
"). The
Worldpackers Site, Application and Services will be collectively
referred to as the "
Worldpackers Platform
". Our
Privacy Statement
and other Policies applicable to your use of the Worldpackers Platform
are incorporated by reference into this Agreement.
When these Terms mention "
Worldpackers
," "
us
,"
"
our
," "
ours
," and other grammatical variations of the
first-person plural, they refer to the Worldpackers company with which
you are executing an Agreement. The entity with whom you will execute
an Agreement will generally be determined according to your country of
residence. Your "
country of residence
"; corresponds to the
jurisdiction associated with your Worldpackers Account as defined
through your express selection or an evaluation of your residence by
Worldpackers using various features of various data associated with
your Worldpackers Account.
If your country of residence is Brazil, you are signing an Agreement
with Worldpackers S.A.
If your country of residence is not Brazil, you are entering into an
Agreement with Worldpackers Corp., 299 Alhambra Cir, Suite 403 Coral
Gables, 33134, USA.
If you change your country of residence, the Worldpackers company with
which you have a contract will be determined by your new country of
residence as specified above, from the date on which the change of
your country of residence occurred.
Our
Privacy Policy
contains a description of collection and use of personal information
by Worldpackers related to your access to and use of the Worldpackers
Platform.
Table of Contents
Scope of Worldpackers' Services
Eligibility, Use of the Worldpackers Platform, User Verification
Changes to these Terms
Account Registration
Content
Member
WP Safeguard
Specific Terms for Hosts
Specific Terms for Guests
Changes, Cancellations and Resolutions Center
Rating and Reviews
Damage to Accommodations, Member Litigation
Termination, Suspension and Other Measures
Exceptions
Responsibility
Feedback
Applicable Law and Jurisdiction
1. Scope of Worldpackers' Services
1.1 The Worldpackers Platform is a space that fosters the connection
between travelers who have joined the annual membership
("
Travelers
" or "
Members
") and owners, managers or
leaders  ("
Hosts
") of hostels, inns, NGOs, communities,
ecological projects, guesthouses, lodges, ecolodges, and the like.
("
Accommodations
";) worldwide which create a Position Posting
("
Posting
" ) with the purpose of encouraging collaborative
learning relationships and cultural  exchange   between these parties,
where the Traveler can assist the Host and receive free accommodation,
food and other benefits to be combined directly and exclusively with
the Host  in exchange for helping. Travelers and Hosts are referred to
as "
Users
";.
1.2 As the Worldpackers Platform provider, Worldpackers does not own,
create, sell, resell, sustain, manage, control, offer, deliver or
supply any vacancy or position posting or host profile, does not
organize any travel, does not intermediate labor relationships or is
responsible in any way for the arrangements made between Travelers and
Hosts after the first meeting on the platform. Hosts are solely
responsible for the positions posted by them. When members apply for a
position and are accepted, they enter into an agreement directly with
the host. Worldpackers is not and does not become party to any Member
and Host agreement, nor is Worldpackers a travel agency, employment
agency, insurance company or similar. Worldpackers does not act as an
agent in any capacity for a User. Our scope is limited to that
described in item 1.1.
1.3 Although we may and wish to assist in facilitating dispute
resolution, Worldpackers has no control over and does not guarantee
(i) the existence, quality, safety, sustainability or enforceability
of any Position or Host Profile, (ii) the truthfulness and the
accuracy of any descriptions of Position, Ratings, Comments, or other
Contents of a Profile (whether belonging to Member or Host) as defined
below, or (iii) the performance or conduct of any User or third party.
Worldpackers does not endorse any specific Traveler, Position Position
or Host Profile. Any references to a User being "verified" (or similar
language) only indicates that the User has completed a relevant
verification process, and nothing more. None of these descriptions
means endorsement, certification or warranty provided by Worldpackers
on the User, including the User's identity or history, or whether the
User is reliable, safe or suitable. You are responsible for taking all
necessary precautions when deciding whether to stay in an
Accommodation, participate in an Experience or Event, enter into an
Agreement with a Host, accept an application for a Position, or
communicate and interact with other Users, whether online or in
person.
1.4 To promote the Worldpackers Platform and increase reach of
Postings to prospective Travelers, the Positions and other User
Content may be disclosed on other sites, in applications, e-mails, and
online and offline advertisements. To assist users who speak different
languages, the content of the Position Postings or other User content
may be, totally or partially, translated into other languages.
1.5 The Worldpackers Platform may contain links to third party sites
or resources (“
Third Party Services
”). These Third Party
Services may be subject to different terms and conditions and privacy
practices. Worldpackers is not responsible for the availability or
accuracy of such Third Party Services, nor for the content, products
or services available on these Third Party Services. The Links to
these Third Party Services are not an endorsement of Worldpackers for
such Third Party Services.
1.6 Due to the nature of the Internet, Worldpackers can not guarantee
uninterrupted and continuous availability and accessibility of the
Worldpackers Platform. Worldpackers may restrict the availability of
Worldpackers Platform or certain areas or resources related thereto,
if necessary by considering the capacity limits, security or integrity
of our servers, or to perform maintenance measures that ensure due or
improved operation of the Worldpackers Platform. Worldpackers may
optimize and upgrade the Worldpackers Platform and introduce new
Worldpackers Services from time to time
2. Eligibility, Use of the Worldpackers Platform, User Verification
2.1 You must be at least 18 years old and be able to enter into
binding agreements to access and use the Worldpackers Platform or
register a Worldpackers Account. By accessing or using the
Worldpackers Platform, you represent and warrant that you are 18 years
old or older and have the legal capacity and authority to enter into a
contract.
2.2 Worldpackers may decide that the access to and use of the
Worldpackers Platform, or certain areas or resources of the
Worldpackers Platform, are subject to certain conditions or
requirements, such as completing a verification process, meeting
specific eligibility or quality criteria, complying to principles of
Ratings or Reviews, or a user's application history and cancellations.
2.3 It is difficult to verify the User on the Internet, and we do not
take responsibility for the confirmation of identity of any User.
Notwithstanding the above, for purposes of transparency and prevention
of fraud, and as permitted by applicable laws, we can, but we have no
obligation to (i) ask Users to provide official identification or
other information or do inspections designed to help verify their
identities and histories, (ii) make a sampling of Users compared to
third-party databases or other sources and request reports from
service providers, and (iii) when we have sufficient information to
identify a User, get reports of criminal convictions from public
records or sex offenders records or any equivalent version of records
or a history of sexual assault in the local jurisdiction (if
available).
2.4 The access to or use of certain areas or certain features of the
Worldpackers Platform may be subject to separate policies, standards
or guidelines, or may require you to accept additional terms and
conditions. In the event of a conflict between these Terms and the
terms and conditions applicable to a particular area or feature of the
Worldpackers Platform, the latest terms and conditions shall prevail
with respect to access to and use of said area or resource, unless
otherwise specified.
3. Modifying these Terms
3.1 Worldpackers reserves the right to modify these Terms at any time
in accordance with this provision. If we change these Terms, we will
post the revised Terms on the Worldpackers Platform and update the
"Last Update" date at the beginning of these terms. We will also send
an e-mail with a notice of the changes at least thirty (30) days prior
to the effective date of the changes.
3.2 If you disagree with the amended Terms, you may terminate this
Agreement with immediate effect. We will inform you of your right to
terminate the Agreement in the notification e-mail. If you do not
terminate your Agreement prior to the effective date of the amended
Terms, your continued access to or use of the Worldpackers Platform
constitutes your agreement to said amended Terms.
4. Account Registration
4.1 You must register an account ("
Worldpackers Account
") to access
and use certain features of the Worldpackers Platform, such as posting
a position, applying to a position or exchanging messages with a Host.
4.2 You can register a Worldpackers Account using an e-mail address
and creating a password, or through a connection with your account in
certain third-party social networking services, such as Facebook. You
have the ability to disable the connection between your Worldpackers
Account and your Social Network Account at any time by accessing the
"Settings" section of the Worldpackers Platform.
4.3 You must provide current, accurate and complete information during
the registration process and keep your Worldpackers Account
information and the Worldpackers Account profile page up to date.
4.4 You may not register more than 1 (one) Worldpackers Account,
unless Worldpackers authorizes you to do so. You may not assign or
transfer your Worldpackers Account to any third party.
4.5 You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality and
security of your Worldpackers Account credentials and may not disclose
such credentials to third parties. You must notify Worldpackers
immediately if you become aware or have any reason to suspect that
your credentials have been misplaced, stolen, misappropriated or
otherwise compromised or in case of unauthorized use or suspected
unauthorized use of your Worldpackers Account. You are responsible for
any and all activity conducted through your Worldpackers Account,
unless such activities are not authorized by you and providing that
you have not been negligent (such as not reporting unauthorized use or
loss of your credentials).
5. Content
5.1 Worldpackers may, in its sole discretion, allow Users to (i)
create, upload, post, send, receive, and store content, such as text,
photos, audio, video, or other materials and information on or through
the Worldpackers Platform (“
User Content
”); and (ii) access and view
User Content and any other content that Worldpackers makes available
on or through the Worldpackers Platform, including Worldpackers owned
content and any content licensed or authorized for use by or through
Worldpackers by a third party ("
Worldpackers Content
" and, in
conjunction with the User Content, "
Collective Content
").
5.2 The Worldpackers Platform, Worldpackers Content and User Content
may, in whole or in part, be protected by copyrights, trademarks and /
or other laws of Brazil, the United States, and other countries. You
acknowledge and agree that Worldpackers Platform and Worldpackers
Content, including all associated intellectual property rights, are
the exclusive property of Worldpackers and / or its licensors or
authorized third parties. You must not remove, alter or conceal any
copyright, trademark, service mark or other proprietary or
intellectual property rights incorporated or accompanying the
Worldpackers Platform, Worldpackers Content or User Content. All
Worldpackers trademarks, service marks, logos, trade names and any
other source identifiers used in or in connection with the
Worldpackers Platform and the Worldpackers Content are registered
trademarks and brands of Worldpackers in Brazil, the United States and
worldwide. Trademarks, service marks, logos, trade names and any other
designations owned by Third Parties used in connection with the
Worldpackers Platform, Worldpackers Content and / or Worldpackers
Collective Content and Content are used for identification purposes
only and may be the property of their respective owners.
5.3 You must not use, copy, adapt, modify, prepare derivative works,
distribute, license, sell, transfer, publicly display, publicly
perform, transmit or otherwise exploit the Worldpackers Platform or
the Collective Content, except to the extent that you are the owner of
a particular User Content or as expressly permitted in these Terms. No
license or rights are granted by implication or otherwise under any
intellectual property rights owned or controlled by Worldpackers or
its licensors, except for the licenses and rights expressly granted in
these Terms.
5.4 Subject to your compliance with these Terms, Worldpackers grants
you a non-transferable, revocable, non-sublicensable, non-exclusive,
limited license to (i) download and use the Application in your
personal device (s); and (ii) access and view any Collective Content
made available on or through the Worldpackers Platform and accessible
to you only for your personal, non-commercial use.
5.5 By creating, uploading, posting, sending, receiving, storing or
making available any User Content on or through the Worldpackers
Platform, you grant Worldpackers a worldwide, transferrable,
sublicensable, perpetual (or for a period of protection), irrevocable,
royalty free, non-exclusive license over said User Content, allowing
us to access, use, store, copy, modify, make derivative works from,
distribute, publish, transmit, forward or otherwise exploit said User
Content to provide and / or promote the Worldpackers Platform, in any
medium or platform. Except if you give specific consent, Worldpackers
does not claim any proprietary rights over any User Content and
nothing in these Terms will be deemed to restrict any rights you may
have to use or exploit your User Content.
5.6 You are solely responsible for all Member Content you make
available on, or through, the Worldpackers Platform. So, you represent
and warrant that: (i) you are the sole and exclusive owner of all user
content that you make available on or through the Worldpackers
Platform or you have all rights, licenses, consents and clearances
required to grant Worldpackers the rights to such User Content, as
contemplated in these Terms, and (ii) neither the User Content nor the
publication, uploading, display or transmission of User Content, or
the use of said User Content by Worldpackers (or any part thereof)
will break, evict or violate a third party's patent, copyright,
trademark, trade secret, moral rights or other proprietary rights or
intellectual property rights, or rights of publicity or privacy, or
result in violation of any applicable law or regulation.
5.7 You will not post, upload, upload, send or transmit any User
Content that: (i) is fraudulent, false, misleading (directly or by
omission or failure to update information) or derogatory; (ii) is
defamatory, libelous, obscene, pornographic, vulgar or offensive;
(iii) promotes discrimination, intolerance, racism, hatred, harassment
or harms any individual or group; (iv) is violent or threatening or
promotes violence or acts that are threatening to any person or
animal; or (v) promotes harmful or illegal substances or activities;
or that violates any other Worldpackers policy. Worldpackers may,
without any warning, remove or disable access to any User Content that
Worldpackers deems as violation of these Terms or that may be
reprehensible or prejudicial to Worldpackers, its Members, third
parties or to its property.
5.8 Worldpackers respects the copyright law and expects its Users to
do the same. If you believe that any content on the Worldpackers
Platform infringes copyright of your property, please notify us at
support@worldpackers.com
6. Member
6.1 “
Member
” is also known as a Traveler, who has
subscibed to the Annual Plan and paid the fee (“
Membership
Fee
”). It is to be understood that anyone who subscribes  to the
Annual Plan will automatically become a Member and will have
their billing information verified, ensuring more security and
reliability to the platform. In addition, all Members
necessarily commit to community policies, showing their commitment and
willingness to contribute to the Hosts and their willingness to travel
using their skills.
6.2 Members gain full access to: i) Apply, talk and confirm
stay with as many Worldpackers hosts as they wish for a period of 1
year; ii) Assistance during any Worldpackers trip; iii) Worldpackers
insurance during the trip if necessary; iv) Receive and leave
evaluations from and about their Hosts;
6.3 Worldpackers reserves the right to change Membership Fees at any
time, we will notify Users in advance in case of any fee changes
before they are applied.
6.4 The Annual Plan Cancellation policy is as follows: if the traveler
requests reimbursement within 7 days after the purchase of the Annual
Plan and has not used the services (no application / no response from
hosts; no pre-approval, no confirmed travel) they will be able to
receive a cash refund;
7. WP Safeguard
7.1 If, for any reason, from the date of the traveler's arrival, the
host does not respect what was previously agreed upon through our website,
Worldpackers will offer the traveler the Worldpackers Safeguard. This
consists of helping them find another host nearby so that they can
continue their collaborative exchange, in addition to reimbursing them
for the money invested in emergency accommodation in economical lodging,
preferably shared;
7.1.1 Only Verified Members are entitled to Worldpackers Safeguard;
Worldpackers Safeguard is only applicable in situations where the
responsibility falls entirely on the host, and is only valid for the
duration of the given exchange. We consider the start and end dates of
the exchange that appear in the travel confirmation on our website; If
the dates are re-arranged between the host and traveler, but there is no
official change on our site, Worldpackers Safeguard is not valid;
7.1.2. The number of nights of accommodation and the maximum amount
available for reimbursement vary according to the plan chosen by the user
at the time of purchase. Worldpackers will not refund 100% of the amount
paid for accommodation if it exceeds the plan limits;
7.1.3 Worldpackers Safeguard can be requested for each trip formally
confirmed through our website. The Traveler must send their request to
the official Worldpackers support channel, available in the Help Center,
and report the situation according to the steps indicated by our team.
Each request is analyzed by the Worldpackers team, which informs the
traveler whether the request was approved or not;
7.1.4 After a Worldpackers Safeguard request has been approved,
refunds can only be made upon presentation of proof of reservation
and proof of payment containing the following information: dates of
accommodation, total amount paid and the currency in which the payment
was made, full name of the traveler, and type of accommodation. Worldpackers
does not make reservations or payments on behalf of travelers;
7.1.5 The refund options are: (i) refund of the amount paid on the
card used to purchase the plan if it is still within the refund period;
(ii) via bank deposit or PIX for Brazilians; (iii) via PayPal for other
nationalities. When making refund deposits, Worldpackers is not responsible
for fees charged by financial institutions for withdrawing the amount,
nor is the Company responsible for creating or activating accounts on
other platforms in the name of travelers; It is the traveler's responsibility
to check and agree with the rules and conditions of the payment platforms.
7.1.6 For authentication and fraud protection purposes, Worldpackers may
request that travelers present a photo of their identification document.
If a traveler refuses to provide a photo of their identification
document, Worldpackers reserves the right to not issue a refund;
Worldpackers reserves the right to revoke access to Worldpackers Safeguard
when it believes, in good faith, that this is necessary to prevent losses
to Worldpackers.
8. Specific Terms for Hosts
8.1 When creating an Posting through the Worldpackers Platform, you
must (i) provide complete and accurate information about the positions
you are offering (such as description of the intended help, help
offered in return, location where this exchange will take place and
calendar availability), (ii) disclose any deficiencies, difficulties
and restrictions inherent to the place or position and requirements
that apply (such as a minimum Traveler age, proficiency or physical
size required for a  particularposition); and (iii) provide any other
relevant information requested by Worldpackers. You are responsible
for keeping your Posting information updated at all times (including
calendar availability).
8.2 You are solely responsible for establishing the conditions for
your Position Posting. Once a Traveler applies for an advertised
position and you accept it, you must contact the Traveler and address
any other condition, detail or agreement directly and exclusively with
him or her regarding the exchange that will take place.
8.3 Any terms and conditions included in your Posting, especially
regarding cancellations, shall not conflict with these Terms.
8.4 The placement and rank of Postings in search results on the
Worldpackers Platform may vary depending on a variety of factors, such
as Traveler preferences and search parameters, Host requirements,
calendar availability and position description, number and quality of
the Images, cancellation history, Comments, Ratings and Reviews.
9. Specific Terms for Travelers
9.1 Subject to any requests (such as completing any verification
processes) established by Worldpackers and / or Host, you may apply
for a Position Posting available on the Worldpackers Platform only
after you have paid for the Annual Membership. Only then will the
respective application process be available.
9.2 Upon receipt of an application confirmation from Worldpackers,
there's the possibility of message exchanging  between Traveler and
Host, from where they are free in respect to their respective free
will, to establish any additional terms and conditions that they
believe is necessary.
9.3 You understand that a confirmed application of a Position
("
Position Reservation
") is a limited license granted to you by the
Host to enter, occupy and enjoy the Accommodation and other advantages
agreed upon for the duration of your stay, in accordance with your
agreement with the Host.
9.4 You agree to leave the Accommodation no later than the date and
time specified by the Host in the Position Posting or comply with
other mutually agreed time between you and the Host. If you stay in
the accommodation beyond the agreed period of checkout without the
consent of the Host ("
Extended Stay
";), you will no longer be
licensed to remain in the Accommodation, and the Host will have the
right to request your departure in a manner consistent with applicable
law.
10. Changes, Cancellations and Resolutions Center
10.1 Hosts and Guests are responsible for any changes to the Position
that they make through the Worldpackers Platform or directly between
them. Worldpackers is not responsible for confirmations, cancellations
and other combinations outside its platform;
10.2 Travelers may cancel a confirmed position at any time by
informing the Host directly as soon as possible, as well as informing
them via the Worldpackers Platform, using the "Cancel Stay" button. If
a traveler cancels a trip 7 days in advance or less, they will
automatically get a 1-star rating with the words "traveler canceled
last minute"; and this may affect their reputation on our Platform.
10.3 Hosts may also cancel at any time, however, in order to ensure
trust and transparency in our community, the following penalties will
apply in case of cancellations made by Hosts:
10.3.1 The information that a trip has been canceled will be
publicly registered on the Host's profile
. There will be a
possibility to write a public response to clarify the reason for the
cancellation;
10.3.2 In the event of repeated cancellations, the host will forfeit
the eligibility to become a Top Host on the platform for a period of 6
months from the date of the most recent cancellation;
10.3.3 In case of recurrence - 3 or more last-minute cancellations (30
days before the trip starts) within a year, the Worldpackers team will
evaluate the situation and may deactivate the profile;
10.3.4 In case of extenuating circumstances, such as natural
disasters, endemic diseases, serious damage to accommodation or
changes in the visa or passport requirements of the country, the host
may contact the staff to review the trip cancellation record in their
profile.
10.4 For the Traveler, in case of last minute cancellation by the Host:
10.4.1 In the absence of availability in the city previously chosen as
destination, the Worldpackers support team reserves the right to find
hosts in alternative cities and / or positions that differ from the
initial position.
10.4.2 Worldpackers is not responsible nor covers the transportation
costs and/or similar if there is a need to change the destination city
during the relocation process.
10.4.3 If cancellation takes place 30 days in advance or less:
Worldpackers support team will do its best to help you find a new host
within the travel period shown on the trip confirmation within the
platform, but there are no guarantees that it will always be possible.
10.5 In certain circumstances, Worldpackers may decide, in its sole
discretion, that it is necessary to cancel a confirmed position and
make appropriate arrangements to notify both parties as soon as
possible. This may occur (i) when Worldpackers believes in good faith,
taking into account the legitimate interests of both parties, that it
is necessary to avoid significant losses to Worldpackers, other Users,
third parties or property, or (ii) for any of the reasons set forth in
these Terms.
11. Rating and Reviews
11.1 Within a certain period of time after completing an experience in
a position with a Host, both Traveler and Host may leave a public
review ("
Review
") and make a star rating ("
Rating
";)
about each other. Ratings and Reviews reflect the opinions of
individual users and do not reflect the opinion of Worldpackers.
Ratings and Reviews are not checked by Worldpackers for accuracy and
may be incorrect or misleading.
11.2 Ratings and Reviews made by Guests and Hosts must be accurate and
may not contain any defamatory or offensive language. Ratings and
Reviews are subject and agree to these terms.
11.3 Users are prohibited from manipulating the Rating and Review
system in any way, such as instructing a third party to write a
positive or negative review about the other User.
11.4 Ratings and Reviews are part of a User's public profile and may
also appear elsewhere in the Worldpackers Platform (such as on the
Posting page) along with other relevant information such as number of
applications, number of cancellations, average response and other
information.
11.5 Once a Rating or Review is made, it is not possible to change or
edit it.
12. Damage to Accommodations, Member Litigation
12.1 Worldpackers shall not be liable for damages, actions or
omissions of Users, arising from combinations made directly between
Users; Worldpackers only connects Travelers to Hosts.
12.2 As a Traveler, you are responsible for leaving the Accommodation
(including any personal property or other property located on the
Accommodation) as it was when you arrived.
13. Termination, Suspension and Other Measures
13.1 Worldpackers may terminate this Agreement without notice and / or
stop providing access to the Worldpackers Platform if (i) you have
materially violated your obligations under these or any other of our
Terms (ii) you have violated the laws, regulations, or rights of third
parties, or (iii) Worldpackers believes in good faith that such action
is reasonably necessary to protect the personal safety or property of
Worldpackers, its Users, or third parties (for example, in the case of
fraudulent behavior by a User).
13.2 Furthermore, Worldpackers can take any of the following measures
(i) to comply with applicable law, or with the decision or requirement
of a court, requirement of law or other governmental or administrative
agency, or if (ii) you have violated these Terms or any other term
present in our platform, the law, regulations or the rights of any
third party, (iii) if you have provided incomplete, outdated,
inaccurate or fraudulent information in the Worldpackers Account
Registration step, position posting registration process or related,
(iv) if you and/or your postings or Host services at any time do not
meet any eligibility criteria or quality, (v) if you have repeatedly
received Negative Ratings, Comments or Reviews or if Worldpackers
becomes aware of or receives complaints about your performance or
conduct, or (vi) if you have repeatedly cancelled confirmed
reservations or not answered an application for an position without a
valid reason:
Cancellation of any confirmed or pending reservations;
Limitation of your access to or use of the Worldpackers Platform;
Temporary or permanent termination of any special situation related to your Worldpackers Account;
Temporary or permanent suspension of your Worldpackers Account and interruption of access to the Worldpackers Platform in case of recurring or serious offenses, without any right to any refund.
13.3 In case of non-material breaches and as appropriate, you will be
notified of any intended action by Worldpackers and will have the
opportunity to resolve the problem to Worldpackers reasonable
satisfaction.
13.4 When this Agreement is terminated, you will not be entitled to a
restoration of your Worldpackers Account or any of your Member
Contents. If your access to or use of the Worldpackers Platform is
limited, or your Worldpackers Account is suspended or this Agreement
is terminated by us, you will not be able to register a new
Worldpackers Account or access and use the Worldpackers Platform, not
even through the Worldpackers Account of another User.
14. Exceptions
14.1 If you choose to use the Worldpackers Platform or the Collective
Content, you do so voluntarily and at your own risk. The Worldpackers
Platform and the Collective Content are provided "as is" without
warranty of any kind, either express or implied.
14.2 You agree that you have had every opportunity to consider
investigating the Worldpackers Services, applicable law, rules or
regulations that may apply to your Postings and / or Host Services
received by you, and which you may not trust, in any statement of law
or fact disclosed by Worldpackers regarding a Posting.
14.3 If we choose to perform such identity or history checks with any
Member, as permitted by applicable law, we disclaim warranties of any
kind, express or implied, that such controls will identify a prior
wrongful act by a user or will ensure that the Member shall not engage
in unlawful acts in the future.
14.4 You agree that certain Experiences, Events, Other Host Services
or Group Payment Service may carry inherent risks, and that by
participating in such services you choose to voluntarily assume such
risks. For example, some Host Services may pose a risk of illness,
bodily injury, disability or death, and you have the freedom and right
to take such risks by choosing to participate in such Host Services.
You assume full responsibility for your choices before, during and
after participating in a Host Service or Group Payment Service.
15. Responsibility
15.1 The Experts are not employees / spokespersons of the company, so
any information they give is not an official positioning of
Worldpackers. They are travelers who have already lived many
experiences and want to help others travel;
15.2 Worldpackers is a platform of connection between travelers and
hosts and, for this reason, it is not responsible for any arrangement
made between the two parties after the first contact via platform.
15.3 Any arrangement between traveler and host made outside the
platform (such as financial aid, service or overtime), it is up to the
traveler to agree. If you do not agree, immediately report to
Worldpackers for platform quality measures to be taken.
15.3.1 Worldpackers is not responsible for theft or damage done by
Users during the experiment, and reaffirms the importance of
contacting local authorities and communicating the Worldpackers team
about any incident;
15.3.2 Worldpackers is not responsible for documentation, travel or
health insurance, visas or local legislation, and it is the
responsibility of the Traveler to prepare their own documentation;
15.3.3 The content of ratings, reviews, comments, articles, videos,
podcasts, or other media available on the platform are generated by
community users, and may not reflect company views.
15.4 You acknowledge and agree that, to the maximum extent permitted
by law, you remain liable for any risk arising from your access to and
use of the Worldpackers Platform and Collective Content, publication
or reservation of any Posting through the Worldpackers Platform, your
stay at any Accommodation, participation in any Experience or Event or
use of any other Host Service, or any other interaction you have with
other Users, whether personally or online.
16. Feedback
16.1 We appreciate and encourage feedback, comments and suggestions
for improvements to the Worldpackers Platform ("
Feedback
").
You can send us Feedback via e-mail or through the
Help
section in the Worldpackers Platform, or by any other means of communication.
16.2 Any Feedback you send us will be considered non-confidential and
will not be considered as your property. By submitting Feedback, you
give us a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, irrevocable,
sublicenseable and perpetual license to use and publish those ideas
and materials for any purpose without paying you for it.
17. Applicable Law and Jurisdiction
17.1 If your country of residence is Brazil, you are signing a
contract with Worldpackers S.A.
17.2 If your country of residence is not Brazil, you are entering into
a contract with Worldpackers Corp., 299 Alhambra Cir, Suite 403 Coral
Gables, 33134, USA.
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us by
e-mail at support@worldpackers.com.
By clicking “Accept”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Cookies settings
Accept
Cookies Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.worldpackers.com/privacy:
Information We Collect
How we use the information we collect
How Worldpackers shares your data
Control over your information
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Cookies settings
Last update: Feb 20, 2025
Thank you for using the services of Worldpackers. We consider the privacy of our visitors extremely important.
This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, use, process and disclose your information. This Privacy Policy applies to all services (including the website and application) offered through Worldpackers.
When this policy mentions “Worldpackers”, “we”, “our”, or “Platform”, it refers to the Worldpackers company, responsible for its own information (“Data Handler”). This Policy does not apply to other sites or services that we do not own.
Information We Collect
We collect a few types of information to operate and improve our Platform. The types of data collected and the purpose for collection depend on your user type (traveler, host, or both) and usage of our services.
Information that you provide to us in order to use the Platform
All users who sign-up at Worldpackers
Account Information
First name, last name, email, date of birth, country of nationality and pronoun of preference. This is essential for identification, communication, and providing support and our services.
Preferences and Interests
Skills, travel motivation and interests, travel experience level, budget and support level preferences, languages proficiency, and destinations and programs of interest, and profile picture. Mainly used to personalize your experience on the platform and to improve our advertising and marketing practices.
Additional Profile Information
Users can choose to add educational and work history, previous travel experiences, social media URLs, a presentation video, travel motivation and interests, personal description and photos to their profile, which will be accessible to other users. Hosts ask for such information to understand if the traveler profile has a match with the experiences provided. Worldpackers Academy certificates are automatically added to the Travelers' profiles once the videoclasses are fully watched.
Required for use as a host
Property information
Property name, full address, latitude and longitude, photos, phone number, online references and documentation that can show the responsible person's relationship with the project. This is essential for project identification, to perform our Quality and Safety processes, and for providing communication, support and Worldpackers' services in general.
Volunteer Position information: Details on the activities, offerings, rules and any other information the project should make available to interested travelers. This data is especially important to identify you as a host and facilitate the attraction of interested travelers through your public profile.
In addition, we perform an analysis during our approval process of your positions to promote a transparent and safe community and to provide you with service and support.
Important: In order to attract more interested travelers, we promote your vacancies through email marketing, social media and for advertising purposes. Respecting your privacy, unposted vacancies are never disclosed and you have the right to deactivate positions at any time so that they are no longer listed for travelers on the Platform. Always aiming to attract the maximum number of travelers from our community, we may make changes to non-personal information to ensure it always follows the best practices we've learned from working with thousands of hosts around the world. For example: standardizing titles to be in all uppercase letters and prioritizing the best photo from your gallery as the cover photo for the vacancy.
Required for interaction with other users
Communication with other travelers and hosts
We collect your messages and store them securely to deliver your content to the users with whom you are communicating. Meaning, we simply process this information to operate the functionality of and facilitate the communication between travelers and hosts.
In addition, it is essential for us to promote a safe and transparent community, through the detection of fraud, spam, abuse, security events and other harmful activities.
Important: We may review, track, or analyze your communication with other users through the Worldpackers Platform, for the purposes of fraud prevention, risk analysis, regulatory compliance, investigation, product development, research and customer support. It can also be used for further references to perform Quality and Safety policies.
Required for use of services as a paying member
Payment Information
We collect this information so that you can become a paying member of the community and access related benefits such as contacting hosts and confirming trips. We collect financial details (payment methods, CPF number and address for Brazilian users) to facilitate transactions and comply with tax laws, while also permitting payment policies to be applied.
We automatically collect information about transactions made on our platform, such as the value of the purchase, the currency used, and the transaction ID to track purchases.
Important: we do not actually store credit card information. The info is directly passed to our Iugu and Bluesnap payment providers (following the PCI SAQ A rules).
Review information
Reviews written by Travelers to Hosts / by Hosts to Travelers are publicly shared to help promote a safe and transparent community, where travelers and hosts can get to know each other better based on their experiences. Our Quality and Safety of the Experiences Policy is also dependent on such data.
Travelers can send a shareable link to other signed-up users and request them to leave an External Review. Travelers have the option to accept and to delete the External Reviews they receive.
Information that you choose to provide us
Additional Profile Information
When you want to get in touch with hosts, we ask for the following information: fotos, job history, travel experience, schooling, preferred languages, city and personal description. We collect this information to personalize your profile that is accessible to other travelers and hosts within the community, facilitating communication between users.
Host and/or Traveler review information
We collect and divulge this information to promote a safe and transparent community, where travelers and hosts can get to know each other better based on their experiences. All reviews are evaluated by the Worldpackers team as explained in our
Quality and Safety of Experiences Policy
.
Information provided by other users
Reviews given by users
If any host or traveler has written a review about you or your property, it will be published on your public profile page or property profile on Worldpackers. This information is very important in promoting a safe and transparent community. All reviews are evaluated by the Worldpackers team as explained in our
Quality and Safety of Experiences Policy
.
Information collected automatically
Usage information
We collect data about your interactions with the Worldpackers Platform like searches, opportunities viewed, content you have accessed, confirmed trips with hosts, positions added to your Wishlist, mobile app navigation behavior, and other similar actions. We use this information to improve and optimize the experience using the Platform, from statistical analysis to improvements on platform features. Additionally, we use third-party analytics and advertising tools, including Facebook SDK, Google Analytics, Fabric and Firebase, to track user behavior within the app and website. The Facebook SDK helps us understand app interactions, measure campaign effectiveness, and optimize ads by tracking actions such as sign-ups, purchases, and user engagement.
Data log and device information
We collect dates and times of access, hardware and software information, device type and operating system, IP address, anonymized platform crash data, cookie data, and pages that you've accessed even if you have not yet created your account with Worldpackers. All information is anonymous and does not contain IP addresses or other personal information. It is essential for the detection of errors and crashes, monitoring and analysis of the health and technical availability of the Platform. We may use third party services, such as Google Analytics, Fabric and Firebase to facilitate the collection and analysis of this data.
Cookies
Cookies required for operation:
Information such as your user ID is needed for you to be able to access and use your account and have a personalized experience by remembering your preferences (preferred language, for example).
Server Analysis and Monitoring Cookies:
These allow us to monitor the health of our servers and detect how many visitors are using the Worldpackers Platform. This helps us keep all the features running efficiently and to continually improve the Platform to better serve you.
Third Party Cookies:
We allow our business partners to apply this technology to 1) help us monitor the health of our servers to keep our service running smoothly for you, 2) facilitate tracking of how many visitors are using the features on the Platform and 3) help us analyze how you use the Platform to customize personalized ads that actually interest you on third party sites. We allow third-party partners, such as Facebook and Google, to use cookies and similar tracking technologies (including Facebook SDK and Meta Pixel) to collect information about user interactions on our Platform. This helps us deliver personalized ads based on your preferences and past behavior. You can manage your ad preferences through your mobile device settings or via your Facebook account settings.
Social Plugins
We may use social plugins created and maintained by third parties that facilitate your interaction with social networks like Facebook's Like button. The presence of these plugins means that these third parties can detect that you are viewing the page you are on even though you interact directly with the plugin. If you haven't logged into the third party site, your identity will not be detected. Check out the privacy policies of each third party to get more information when you find one of their social plugins.
Information collected from third parties
Registering and associating accounts with third parties
If you register or connect your account via third-party platforms (e.g., Facebook, Apple and Google), we collect relevant account and profile information you consent to share. Which information you give us access to is your choice and follows the same usage policies as the information you've given us directly. Check the privacy policy of the third parties involved to get more information.
Geolocation
Location data may be shared with third parties (e.g.: Google Maps) for map-based features, such as showing host addresses. Check the privacy policy of the third parties involved to get more information. Geolocation data is collected to show nearby opportunities available, to map host addresses, and for pricing purposes.
How we use the information we collect
We use, store and process information, including personal information, to provide, customize and improve our platform to users, and to promote a community in which members feel confident to collaborate and have excellent experiences together. The information collected is used to:
Platform services and support
Identify your account, collect payments & provide membership benefits;
Facilitate user interactions (e.g.: messaging between hosts and travelers, writing reviews) in a safe and transparent manner, without anonymity;
Display reviews and available positions;
Provide attention & support, and mediate conflict between users;
Promote a safe & transparent community by applying Worldpackers' Quality and Safety of the Experiences Policy, holding investigations and approving new properties and positions, preventing fraud, assessing risks and complying with regulations.
Platform experience
Improve overall user experience and perform feature improvements;
Perform statistical analysis and conduct research;
Detect errors and platform crashes, to optimize performance and to monitor the health and technical availability of the platform.
Advertising and communications
In general terms, to provide, customize, measure and improve our advertising campaigns and communications;
Marketing attribution and analytics: To analyze how users interact with our advertising campaigns and measure campaign performance;
Personalized advertising: To deliver customized ads based on your preferences and past behavior on platforms like Meta, Google, and others;
Campaign optimization: To track user actions like purchases and app interactions and improve targeting through tools like lookalike audiences and retargeting campaigns;
Transactional communication: To send you transactional customized emails, notifications and service messages, updates and information;
Marketing and social media: To send you email marketing, invitation to events, programs, tests and community participation, and to facilitate the sharing of our content and opportunities on social networks, such as Instagram, LinkedIn and TikTok
Apply the Terms of Use and comply with legal obligations
Execute the agreement between you and us following our Terms of Use, and identifying users who are not complying with our Terms and Policies;
Comply with legal obligations, if any specific legislation requires.
How Worldpackers shares your data
All sending of private or public data between you, Worldpackers and other users through the Platform is done using upstanding security practices using communication protocol TLS, ensuring that it is encrypted and transferred with digital signatures.
We follow upstanding practices for storing your private and public data in encrypted form, especially sensitive data like emails, passwords and personal information.
When you use the Worldpackers Platform, you authorize us to transfer, store and process your information in the United States, Brazil and possibly other countries where our servers and third party services are located. The laws in these countries may differ from the laws applicable to the place where you live. By using the Worldpackers Platform, you agree to transfer your data to those countries.
We may share specific data with third-party service providers, partners, and affiliates as necessary to provide the Platform and its services:
Advertising Partners: To enable tracking of app interactions, purchases, and advertising performance while adhering to their data processing terms. E.g.: Facebook and Google.
Payment Processors: To facilitate secure transactions. E.g.: Bluesnap, IUGU.
Analytics and Data Services: To monitor performance, detect issues, and understand usage patterns (E.g.: Google Analytics, Meta Analytics, Firebase, Firewall) and to analyze and visualize data (E.g.: Knowi).
Customer Relationship Management and Support Platforms: To provide User Support (E.g.: Zoho CRM and Zendesk), and for marketing and/or transactional communication with users. (E.g.: Hubspot, Mailchimp and Sendgrid).
Storage Platforms: To store user photos, videos and voice messages. E.g.: AWS S3, Cloudfront, Cloudinary and Wistia.
Control over your information
We are committed to giving you control over your own data, allowing you to manage your information as needed. All user consents and opt-outs will be documented and retained for auditing purposes.
We keep your information stored as long as you have a Worldpackers account so you can access it at any time and use our Platform in a personalized way.
Notifications
If you are a host, you can get notified about new messages from travelers, new applications and trip confirmations. You can manage your notifications preferences on the Notifications section of your account.
Tips and news: If you are a host, you can get notifications for content, news, and tips from the community. You can manage your notifications preferences on the Notifications section of your account.
Hosts community: If you are a host, you can be contacted by other hosts within the platform. You can opt-in or opt-out to get messages from other hosts.
Travelers community: If you are a traveler, you can be contacted by other travelers within the platform and be visible so other travelers can find you. You can manage your visibility preferences on the Community section of your account.
Travelers visibility: Your next experience gets visible on your public profile once you confirm a trip. You can manage your visibility preferences on the Community section of your account.
Wishlisted positions' new reviews: On the mobile app for travelers, you can opt-in to get notified whenever a new review is written about an experience you've wishlisted.
Information correction
You are responsible for keeping your personal information up to date, and you have the right to edit and to correct your personal account information at any given time.
Deactivating your account
You have the right to deactivate your account in your Account Settings. By deactivating your account, your data is kept in our database and its access gets restricted to the public. When you deactivate the account:
Your profile stays hidden from the entire Worldpackers community;
If you are a host, all your vacancies and property profile will be hidden to the public, and our team will be able to access it internally;
We will retain your information so that you can easily reactivate your account if possible;
Information you have shared with others, such as reviews and comments, may continue to be publicly visible on the platform, even after your account deactivation.
Deleting your account
You have the right to delete your account in your Account Settings. When you delete your account:
Your personal data will be deleted and you will not be able to retrieve, reactivate or re-connect your information.
We unlink and disassociate your data with your account, meaning we make sure that your information is no longer associated with you in any way. We then store this anonymous data to continually improve the experience of our services through research and analysis.
We will verify your identity for security purposes before accepting the request to delete and, due to legitimate business interests, we may retain your personal information to enhance the community safety and to prevent and detect fraud. That is, in order to create a safe and non-abusive community, we may retain information from the given account to prevent that user from creating a new account on the platform.
Access to your data
You have the right to complete access to your information through the Platform, but you can also request the exportation of your data by sending an email to privacy@worldpackers.com.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Worldpackers reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any moment and in doing so will post the revised Privacy Policy on the Platform and update the 'last updated' date. If you do not agree with the Privacy Policy, you can cancel your account at any time.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can get in contact with us through email at:
privacy@worldpackers.com
.
By clicking “Accept”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Cookies settings
Accept
Cookies Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label