We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.
Learn more
Got it!
Relaxing Music & Tv for Dogs
Reduce Your Dog's Anxiety, Loneliness, Stress, Boredom, and Hyperactivity
Watch Now
Relaxing Music & Tv for Dogs
Reduce Your Dog's Anxiety, Loneliness, Stress, Boredom, and Hyperactivity
Get instant access to Music and TV that has been proven to calm your pet
RelaxMyDog provides music and videos specifically designed to help dogs overcome anxiety, loneliness, stress, boredom, and hyperactivity
Used by 42 million dogs just like yours in over 100 countries around the world.
Your Perfect Pet-sitter
Use RelaxMyDog to calm your pet when they're especially stressed or as the perfect pet-sitter for the times you are out of the house.
Our subscribers watch our videos for an average of 8 hours per day! For many of them RelaxMyDog is the perfect solution for dog owners who go to work.
7+ Years of Research
RelaxMyDog have carefully crafted our audio and video content to help your dog - with over 7 years of trials helping us find a formula that has been proven to help 87% of dogs.
Start Your Free Trial
Anywhere, Anytime, Any Device
Watch RelaxMyDog on any device with a web browser, or get our dedicated apps for iPhone, iPad, Android, Apple TV, Amazon FireTV, or Roku
RelaxMyDog is the perfect solution for dog owners who go to work.
Over 42 Million Dogs Helped
With canine fans in over 100 countries
Reduce Your Dog's Anxiety
Plus aids sleep and reduces hyperactivity
Over 7 Years of Research
Our expert team carefully craft every track
Ad-Free Streaming
Unlimited video and audio. No interruptions.
Access On All Platforms
iOS, Amazon Fire, Apple TV, Roku, and Android
No Minimum Contract
Flexible plans, pay-as-you-go, and cancel anytime
Watch RelaxMyDog Now
Start your 14 day free trial and start watching RelaxMyDog today
Start Your Free Trial
What others are saying
[Our dog] has a severe case of anxiety to the point where he has been prescribed Xanax. We hate drugging him, and with this app, we don't have to. The music is a natural Xanax! We save the Xanax for the nights we just want complete quiet, but the music is soothing as well and I sleep just fine with it.
Greg Thomas (chargerfan619)
@RelaxMyDog
I love your videos! And my 2 rescue Jindo’s from South Korea do too! 💙
Austin Lee Meredith (@WbWse)
We got a new puppy and because she gets into so much stuff we keep her in a crate well she went mental in the crate I tried to sit with her and i tried to sing to her i even put the crate beside the couch so I can lay beside her still she kept freaking out as soon as i tried this app out played one song and she stopped immediately and fell asleep this app is my saviour
Cady Larsen
As Featured In...