Home
Legal notice
Legal notice
Company details
Terms and Conditions
Website copyright
E-communications
Update and
Website modifications
Technical Issues
Security
Liability
Legislation and jurisdiction
Personal data protection
You can read the original "legal notice"
here
(Spanish)
Company details
The web owning Company is PILBEO S.L located in Negreira ( La
Coruña); Calle Cachurra n-8, 15830, with CIF| TAX: B70494257,
registered in Santiago de Compostela public register of commerce;
batch 288, book 0, page 132, section 8, SC 48511. Email:
protecciondedatos@pilbeo.com
and cell phone: +34 670 64 80 78.
Terms and Conditions
These terms and conditions ( subject to temporary
modifications) apply to all services provided and available
online, through any mobile device, email or over the phone. When
log in, surf or use of available services, you declare acceptance
of terms and conditions shown below.
Website copyright
Pilbeo SL owns the copyright, content, graphic design and
source codes and, therefore ,owns the right of usage.
Copying, distribution, public announcements, partial or
total changes are under PILBEO SL ownership and, therefore, any of
the activities mentioned are forbidden.
E-communications
Everytime you send an email, text message(SMS) or any other
kind of communication from your computer or mobile device, you are
establishing communication with us. We, PILBEO, will get back in
touch with you using any of the e- channels mentioned above. You
agree receiving PILBEO communications via this e-channels unless
otherwise. If so, we would do it in writting , should it be
necesary by the business nature.
Update and website modifications
PILBEO S.L owns the right of modifying, update and erase any
contento n its platforms ( Web site or mobile applications) and
configuration or display can be changed with warning or notice
period without assuming liability for it.
Technical Issues
PILBEO S.L is not liable for computing failures which are
not part of the Company produced during the period of conectivity
and also through third parties that may interrupt or interfere
during this period.
PILBEO will no be liable for any personal damage an
individual may suffer when information is offered by external
third parties.
Security
Access to personal data, contract of any products offered or
complimentary information within PILBEO SL is provided via secure
line.
Liability
Pilbeo S.L works with independent shipping drivers. Pilbeo
S.L will not be responsible for any theft, loss or damge caused to
the luggaje transported.
Legislation and jurisdiction
Pilbeo complies with current law. (Ley 34/2002 de 11 de
julio de servicios de la información y comercio electrónico).
Users declare to know and understand the terms and
conditions and voluntary accept them.
Please do not hesitate to forward any comments or suggestions via
email on:
contact@pilbeo.com
.
Personal data protection
According to the Data Protection Law 15/1999, all data
obtained voluntarily will be part of an automatic file created and
maintained under PILBEO S.L responsability.
The purpose is helping the bookins and Reservations flow. In
the case of you allow the use of your data for comercial purposes,
you will be receiving valuable information periodically.
Client will always be able to exercise their right to access,
rectifying, cancel and oppose via email to
protecciondedatos@pilbeo.com
or in writting to PILBEO S.L Calle Cachurra nº8, 15830, Negreira
(La Coruña).