ChibiStudio
Privacy Policy
This policy applies to all information collected or submitted on ChibiStudio for iPhone, iPad and any other devices and platforms.
Information collected
ChibiStudio uses your Apple iCloud account to store the chibis you've created with the app, this means only you have access to the content you create in the app, Apple doesn't give developers access to user data stored in iCloud. If you choose to share your chibi in other services such as Facebook or Instagram, check those services' privacy policies. We collect anonymous, aggregate information about the items used and packs purchased to help improve our recommendation engine, you may choose to opt-out by going to the "Settings" screen in the app and disabling analytics.
NOTIFICATIONS
If you enable notifications, we must store a token to send them. We never use notifications for marketing purposes, you're only going to receive notifications of the types you chose and you can disable notifications at any moment in settings.
ADS AND ANALYTICS
ChibiStudio collects aggregate, anonymous statistics, such as the percentage of users who use particular features or items, to improve the app. If you use the rewards feature, basic data such as number of views or taps is collected to send the advertiser, that data is associated to your IDFA, an anonymous identifier for advertising, unless you chose to limit tracking in the iOS Settings app.
Information usage
We use the information we collect to operate and improve our app and customer support. We do not share personal information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to accomplish ChibiStudio's functionality. We may disclose your information in response to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal requirements; to exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims; to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud or abuse, violations of our policies; or to protect our rights and property.
In the future, we may sell to, buy, merge with, or partner with other businesses. In such transactions, user information may be among the transferred assets.
Security
We implement a variety of security measures to help keep your information secure. For instance, all communication with the app and website requires HTTPS with HSTS.
Accessing, changing, or deleting your information
You may access or change your information or delete all information stored about you in settings. Deleted information may be kept in backups for up to 90 days. Backups are encrypted and are only accessed if needed for disaster recovery.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We comply with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Information for European Union Customers
By using ChibiStudio and providing your information, you authorize us to collect, use, and store your information outside of the European Union.
International Transfers of Information
Information may be processed, stored, and used outside of the country in which you are located. Data privacy laws vary across jurisdictions, and different laws may be applicable to your data depending on where it is processed, stored, or used.
Your Consent
By using our app or website, you consent to our privacy policy.
Contacting Us
If you have questions regarding this privacy policy, you may
email us
.
Please note that data deletion should be done within the app, not via email requests, for security reasons.