Tax GO Global | Accouting Software
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting our web site. This privacy policy tells you how we use personal information collected at this site. Please read this privacy policy before using the site or submitting any personal information. By using the site, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy. These practices may be changed, but any changes will be posted and changes will only apply to activities and information on a going forward, not retroactive basis. You are encouraged to review the privacy policy whenever you visit the site to make sure that you understand how any personal information you provide will be used.
Note: the privacy practices set forth in this privacy policy are for this web site only. If you link to other web sites, please review the privacy policies posted at those sites.
Collection of Information
We collect personally identifiable information, like names, postal addresses, email addresses, etc., when voluntarily submitted by our visitors. The information you provide is used to fulfill you specific request. This information is only used to fulfill your specific request, unless you give us permission to use it in another manner, for example to add you to one of our mailing lists.
Cookie/Tracking Technology
The Site may use cookie and tracking technology depending on the features offered. Cookie and tracking technology are useful for gathering information such as browser type and operating system, tracking the number of visitors to the Site, and understanding how visitors use the Site. Cookies can also help customize the Site for visitors. Personal information cannot be collected via cookies and other tracking technology, however, if you previously provided personally identifiable information, cookies may be tied to such information. Aggregate cookie and tracking information may be shared with third parties.
Purpose of Data Collection and Usage
. We value transparency in our data collection practices and strive to  ensure that our users understand how their information is used. We  may collect certain information through the use of cookies and  tracking technology to enhance the functionality of our website and  provide a better user experience. These technologies help us gather  information such as browser type, operating system, and the number of visitors to our site. Use of Purpose Strings When our app  requests access to certain resources, such as the camera, microphone, or contacts, we provide purpose strings that clearly explain why access is needed and how the requested information will be utilized. These purpose strings aim to provide users with a comprehensive understanding of why their data is being collected and how it will be used. Additionally, we may include examples to illustrate the intended use of the data, ensuring clarity and transparency. Data Security and Consent Your personally identifiable information is kept secure, and only authorized personnel have access to this information. We are committed to protecting your privacy and will not use your data for purposes other than those stated without your explicit consent. You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, and we provide easily accessible options for managing your preferences regarding data collection and usage
Use of Purpose Strings
.When our app requests access to certain resources, such as the camera, microphone, or contacts, we provide purpose strings that clearly explain why access is needed and how the requested information will be utilized. These purpose strings aim to provide users with a comprehensive understanding of why their data is being collected and how it will be used. Additionally, we may in examples to illustrate the intended use of the data, ensuring clarity and transparency
Data Security and Consent
.Your personally identifiable information is kept secure, and only authorized personnel have access to this information. We are committed to protecting your privacy and will not use your data for purposes other than those stated without your explicit consent. You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, and we provide easily accessible options for managing your preferences regarding data collection and usage
Distribution of Information
We may share information with governmental agencies or other companies assisting us in fraud prevention or investigation. We may do so when: (1) permitted or required by law; or, (2) trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions; or, (3) investigating fraud which has already taken place. The information is not provided to these companies for marketing purposes.
Commitment to Data Security
Your personally identifiable information is kept secure. Only authorized employees, agents and contractors (who have agreed to keep information secure and confidential) have access to this information. All emails and newsletters from this site allow you to opt out of further mailings.
Privacy Contact Information
If you have any questions, concerns, or comments about our privacy policy you may contact us using the information below:
Tax GO Global Limited
Unit 3 Damastown Way D15 XW7K