PRIVACY POLICY – GOALS FITNESS TRACKER
(Last Updated April 2, 2020)
Our Policy
This Privacy Policy sets our policies with respect to information including personally identifiable data („Personal Data“) and other information that is collected from you when using the Goals Fitness App. If you have any questions or comments, please contact our support team. Thank you for being a part of the Goals Fitness community.
Information we collect within the App
User will be prompted to enter your personal information on Goals Fitness App, this data is optional and only resides on your iPhone.  There is no server sync of your personal information or any fitness related data.  The personal information which user may optionally entered are described below:
1. Personal Data
Name, Gender, Birthday, Weight – only used in the App to improve the accuracy of calorie calculation and also to set more accurate heart rate zone default values.
2. Fitness Data
a) Activities – Distance, Time, Calories, Duration, Elevation, Pace, Pulse rate, Photo (Snap), Location data
b) Training plans – Scheduled workouts, Dates, Activities
c) HealthKit – Information gained through the use of the HealthKit framework, such as heart rate data or step count, will only be processed within the App. You can always stop Goals Fitness from accessing this data by changing the settings in the Apple Health App.
In App Contact
If you encounter a problem with the App you can choose to send us a log file, the data in the log file will only be used to find the cause of the problem and to improve the quality of the App.
Sharing Activities
Goals Fitness allows the user to share an activity to another (Social) App when the user presses the „Share“ button. The user needs to be a registered member of the respective third party App (e.g. Facebook) in order to share their activity.
Non-personally identifiable information
We use third parties software development kit (SDK) to collect non-personally identifiable information on how Goals Fitness is used. In order to provide continuous improvement, the crash reporting service Crashlytics is integrated. By agreeing with this privacy policy you also agree with the privacy policy of the
Crashlytics service
. Goals Fitness uses the App analytics service Answers. By agreeing with this privacy policy you also agree with the privacy policy of the
Answers service
. The App uses
Firebase Analytics
. The company is based at Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA, („Google“). User data is transmitted in an anonymized form to Google. Firebase Analytics helps us to get information how a user interacts with our App (e.g. first opened, frequency of use). We use Firebase Analytics for statistical analysis to constantly improve the quality of our App. In those special cases in which personal data is transmitted to the USA, Google is certified via EU-US privacy shield. The basis for the processing of data are our legitimate interests. See Google´s privacy policy
here
.
Deleting user information
User and activities data are stored locally on your phone. When you delete the App from your iPhone, all your user information including all your activities data will be deleted.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
The offered services may change from time to time. As a result, at times it may be necessary for us to make changes to this Privacy Policy. Accordingly, we reserve the right to update or modify this Privacy Policy at any time and from time to time without prior notice.
Contacting Us
If you have any additional questions or concerns about this Policy or our information practices, please feel free to contact us at any time at
office@apptuitive.at
.