Jahez Privacy Policy
V2.2
Overview
Jahez App understands the importance of privacy to our users. This Privacy Policy applies to all of the
					products, services and web sites offered by Alamat Int. Where additional detailed information is needed
					to explain our privacy practices, we post supplementary privacy notices to describe how particular services
					process personal information. This Privacy Policy will tell you what information Jahez App collects
					about you and about your use of Jahez App. We urge you to read this Privacy Policy
					carefully.
By using Jahez App and our web sites, you are accepting the terms of this Privacy Policy. If you do not
					agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy, you should not use our web site nor the app. Your continued use of our web
					site or app following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy will mean that you accept those changes.
Information Collection and Use
Personal Information
General
Jahez App collects personal information when you visit Jahez web pages and when you open an
					account with Jahez App or use other Alamat int products or services. Jahez App may combine
					information about you that we have with information we obtain from business partners or other companies. We
					use information for the following general purposes: providing products and services, billing, identification
					and authentication, improving our services and web site, and contacting users and research. We aggregate
					certain information to develop statistics related to the use of Jahez App. We may publish some
					statistics based on aggregated information, but none of these statistics will contain any personally
					identifiable information.
When you register to open an account with Jahez App, we ask for information such as your name, e-mail
					address, date of birth, gender, weight and height. To purchase certain products and services from
					Jahez App, we also ask you to provide other contact and billing information. We do not share
          personally identifiable information with any third parties.
Depending on the product or service you have selected, we may also collect certain personal information,
					including personal foods, activities and body measurements. Recognizing the highly personal nature of this
					information, we take special precautions to protect such information.
Before and After photos taken on a mobile device are stored on the mobile device unencrypted.
Activity Data
We use activity data, including data provided by third-party activity trackers,
					to provide, personalize and improve your experience on the Jahez App website and in mobile applications.
Message Boards and Other Public Forums
As a service to our users, Jahez App features message boards, social media plateform, group and personal
					messages, and other public forums where users can share information or post questions for experts to answer.
					We offer certain online discussions moderated by dietitians and other health professionals. Any information
					(including personal information) that you reveal in a message board, online discussion, group or personal
					message, or other public forum is by design open to the public and is not a private, secure service. You
					should think carefully before disclosing any personally identifiable information in any public forum. What
					you have disclosed in such locations may be seen, disclosed to or collected by third parties and may be used
					by others in ways we are unable to control or predict, including to contact you for unauthorized purposes.
					As with any public forum on any site, this information may also appear in third-party search engines like
					Google, Yahoo, etc.
Non-Personal Information
General
Even if you do not register with Jahez App, we collect non-personal information about your use of our
					web site, app, special promotions and other services.
Cookies
We collect non-personal information about your use of our web site. Every computer that accesses a
					Jahez web site is assigned different Cookies by Jahez.mobi. Cookies are required for the use of
					certain web services. The information collected by Cookies (i) records current session
					information, (ii) allows us to statistically monitor how many people are using our web site, (iii) how many
					people open our emails, (iv) web sites referring visitors to us, and (iv) for what purposes these actions
					are being taken. We may use Cookie information to determine the popularity of certain content,
					advertisements, and effectiveness of our marketing programs. Cookies are also used to facilitate a user's
					log-in.
Most browser software can be set to reject all Cookies. Additionally, most browsers offer instructions on
					how to reset the browser to reject Cookies in the "Help" section of the toolbar. If you reject our Cookies,
					the member section of our web site may not work properly, but you do not have to accept our Cookies in order
					to use our public information available without becoming a member of our site. We do not use Cookies to
					collect or store personal information about you.
Access Logs
Jahez App automatically collects certain information and stores it in log files, including internet
					protocol (IP) addresses, referring/exit pages, operating system, browser type, date/time stamp and
					clickstream data. We use this non-personal information, to analyze trends, to administer our web site and to
					gather demographic information about our user base. We also record your IP address with your personally
					identifiable information to help protect ourselves and our members from abusive users of our web site.
Disclosure of Information
Except as described in this Privacy Policy or as specifically agreed to by you, Jahez App will not
					disclose any personally identifiable information it gathers from you on our web site or app. We may only release
					personally identifiable information to third parties to comply with valid legal requirements such as a law,
					regulation, search warrant, subpoena or court order or, as deemed necessary in Jahez App's discretion,
					to protect the legal or property rights of Jahez App, a user or third party, or to prevent personal
					injury. In the event that we are legally compelled to disclose your personally identifiable information to a
					third party, we will attempt to notify you unless doing so would violate the law or court order.
Security, Encryption and Confidentiality
Jahez App uses industry-standard encryption technology to protect your privacy. We limit access to
					personal information about you to employees who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with such
					information to provide products or services to you in order to do their jobs. We have physical, electronic
					and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to protect personal information about you.
We utilize Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption in transmitting your personally identifiable information to
					our servers. In order to take advantage of encryption technology, you must have an internet browser which
					supports 128-bit encryption.
It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be
					sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer. You will be required to sign in to your
					Jahez App account after a certain period of time has elapsed to protect you against others accidentally
					accessing your account.
Data Storage
Jahez App uses third party vendors and hosting partners to provide the necessary hardware, software,
					networking, storage and related technology required to operate Jahez App. The Jahez App database
					is stored on secured servers owned and operated by Alamat int. We may store encrypted database backups
					off site with a third party storage provider to ensure data security in the case of an emergency or
					catastrophe.
Business Transitions
If Jahez App is acquired by or merges with another company, the assets of our web sites, including
					personal information, will likely be transferred to the new company.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Jahez may update this Privacy Policy. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we
					treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your Jahez App
					account or by placing a prominent notice on our web site. Jahez App may make non-significant changes to
					the Privacy Policy. For these instances, Jahez App may not notify you of such non-significant changes.
					If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes to this Privacy Policy and other
					appropriate places throughout our web site so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use
					it and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy
					at any time, so please review it frequently.
This page was updated on 9-3-2021
All Rights reserved to Alamat int