Our Apps
FAQ
Contact
PRIVACY & TERMS
Last modified,
19.07.2022
Muslim Assistant app, which is a utility/lifestyle app about the religion of Islam, developed by Assistant App Teknoloji Anonim Şirketi, has provided these Terms & Conditions below. By clicking “I Accept”, “Continue” or “Next” buttons, Users confirm that they’ve accepted these Terms.
1. USE OF SERVICE
1.1 User may not under any circumstances: (i) copy, sell, distribute, transmit, publicly display, rent, lease, export, publish or otherwise reproduce the App or any part thereof in any form by any means; and/or (ii) adapt, modify, decompile, disassemble and/or reverse engineer the App or any part thereof.
1.3 Muslim Assistant reserves the right (but shall not be obliged) to introduce new products, applications, programmes, services, functions and/or features (collectively, “New Services”) to the App and/or Service. The term “Service” shall include New Services which are provided at no charge or fee unless otherwise indicated.
1.4 All New Services shall be governed by these Terms & Conditions and may be subject to Additional Terms which User shall be required to agree to before access to and use of such New Services are provided. In the event of any inconsistency between these Terms & Conditions and the Additional Terms, the Additional Terms shall prevail in so far as the inconsistency relates to the service, product and/or programme in question unless otherwise provided.
1.5 Users may be required to make an additional payment to use or access New Services or features inside the app.
1.6 Google Maps, Youtube API, Yandex, Facebook APIs: Some parts of the App and Service implement Google Maps, Youtube API, Yandex, Facebook API(s). By accessing and using such parts of the App and/or Service which implements Google Maps, Youtube API, Yandex, Facebook API(s), User also agrees to be bound by Google Maps, Youtube API, Yandex and Facebook’s Terms of Service and Google, Yandex, Facebook Privacy Policy, as may be updated from time to time.
Google’s Terms of Service
and
Google Privacy Policy
Apple Privacy Policy
Youtube API
Terms of Service
Yandex terms of service
and
Yandex Privacy Policy
Facebook terms of service
and Facebook
Data Policy
1.7 As Muslim Assistant, we publish this Privacy Statement to inform Users what information we collect and how we use it to personalize and continually improve User experience. This Privacy Statement applies to Muslim Assistant and its services which collect data from User and does not apply to the product or service that which does not link to this statement or has its privacy statement respectively.
What Muslim Assistant Collects
Muslim Assistant collects the following data from User and Users use of the App and of the services available through the App (“Services”):
We collect, process and use information that User provides or makes available to us when accessing or using our App and Services. Examples of such information include:
The information of User’s access or use of the App and/or Services such as User’s modifications to any of settings; dhikrs, prayer times, messages written on Message Editor (Solely, the written text inside the app) and Qur’an reading the page where the User is left off.
We also receive, store and process information, including personal data, when User access or use the App, including but not limited to:
Device-specific information relating to User's device, for example, device brand and model, operating system version, device language, unique device identifiers (such as IDFA), and mobile network information (such as mobile carrier);
Geolocation information, including but not limited to IP addresses used to connect devices to the internet, GPS data and network services data, anonymously. Application-specific information relating to the App; like application version number, activity on the App and Subscription status.
1.8 Muslim Assistant offers signup options which will be explained in detail at section 6. Users must be aware that only one Muslim Assistant account could be logged in a single device at a time. Multiple login is not supported. User should logout from a device to login from another or previous session is terminated when User logins from a new device.
2. ADVERTISING
2.1 Generally, the App and/or Service displays advertising provided by various third-party advertising platforms. Muslim Assistant has limited control over the advertising displayed and seeks User understanding in respect of display advertising which may be perceived to be unaligned with the content and purpose of the App, and in the event, any displayed advertising offends User. Offensive and sensitive ad categories like Gambling, Betting and Sexuality, are banned. In addition to, Muslim Assistant app does not accept responsibility of outcomes, of any ad impressions may be from those sensitive ad categories or any other categories.
2.2 List of Ad Network Companies serving ads in Muslim Assistant App and Apps under Muslim Assistant with their origin of Country and Privacy Policy or Privacy Shield Information.
Company, Country, Privacy Policy Statement Links below, respectively.
Facebook Inc., United States,
https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000GnywAAC
Google LLC, United States,
https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI
Mopub, Inc., United States,
https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000TORzAAO
InMobi, United States and India,
https://www.inmobi.com/publisher-data-protection-rider
Chartboost, United States,
https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000TTbcAAG
Applovin, United States,
https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000TNsVAAW
Other Services
Bugsnag,Inc., United States,
https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000TSeVAAW
Appsflyer, United States,
https://www.appsflyer.com/legal/privacy-policy/
Deepwall, Turkey,
https://www.deepwall.com/privacy-policy
3. DISCLAIMERS
3.1 Data and information provided through the App and/or Service may be from various sources, including third-party content providers. Such data and/or information are provided for informational purposes only and are not intended to replace any official information provided by User’s local Mosque or any other religious authority. Whilst every effort is taken to ensure high standards and quality for the data and information provided through the App and/or Service, Muslim Assistant makes no representations as to the accuracy, timeliness, adequacy or commercial value of all such data and/or information. Muslim Assistant and any of their content providers shall not be liable for any inaccuracies, errors or delays in the data and information furnished through the App and/or Service, or for any actions taken in reliance thereon. User should not act on such data or information without first independently verifying its contents. Most of the content sources and information in the app is referenced from the Presidency of the Republic of Turkey, the Presidency of Religious Affairs. Where, Presidency of the Republic of Turkey, Presidency of Religious Affairs doesn’t have any liability, responsibility or connection with the Muslim Assistant App.
3.2 Muslim Assistant is under no obligation to monitor or review messages, postings, transmissions, and the like on or accessible through the App and/or Service, and assumes no responsibility or liability arising from the content on or accessible through the App and/or Service nor for any error, defamation, libel, slander, omission, falsehood, obscenity, pornography, profanity, inaccuracy or any other objectionable material or content on or accessible through the App and/or Service, now or in the future.
3.3 Any hyperlink to any other website or webpage is not an endorsement or verification of such website or webpage and should only be accessed at User’s own risk.
4. NO WARRANTY
4.1 The App and Service and all information, materials, services and functions contained therein including, software, programs, data, databases, text, graphics, photographs, animations, audio, music, video, links or other materials, are provided “as is” and “as available”. No warranty of any kind, implied, express or statutory, including but not limited to any warranties of title, non-infringement of third party rights, merchantability, satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular purpose and freedom from computer virus or other malicious, destructive or corrupting code, agent, program or macros, is given in conjunction with the app or service, or any information and materials provided through the app or service. Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, Muslim Assistant does not warrant: (i) the accuracy, timeliness, adequacy or completeness of the information, materials, services and/or functions provided through the App and/or Service; (ii) that use of and/or access to the App, Service or any information or any materials provided through the App or the Service, or the operation of the App, will be uninterrupted, secure or free from errors or omissions or that any identified defect will be corrected; (iii) that the App, Service or any information or materials provided through the App or Service will meet the requirements or are free from any virus or other malicious, destructive or corrupting code, agent, program or macros; and (iv) that use of the App and/or the materials displayed on the App and/or the Service by User will not infringe the rights of third parties.
4.2 In addition, Muslim Assistant makes no warranty regarding any applications, products or services that may be or which are purchased or obtained, or any transactions entered into, through the App or Service.
4.3 User acknowledges and agrees that Muslim Assistant does not warrant the security of any information transmitted by or to User using the App or Service and User hereby accept the risk that any information transmitted or received using the App or Service may be accessed by unauthorised third parties and/or disclosed by Muslim Assistant and by its officers, employees or agents to third parties purporting to be User or purporting to act under User’s authority.
4.4 User will not hold Muslim Assistant or any of its officers, employees or agents responsible or liable, in contract, tort (including negligence or breach of statutory duty), equity or otherwise, for any such access or disclosure or for any damages, losses, expenses or costs (whether direct or indirect, or whether foreseeable or not) suffered or incurred by User as a result of any such access or disclosure.
5. USER MATERIALS
5.1 User will not disclose User’s contact details to other Users through the App and/or Service and will adhere to any instructions or guidelines which Muslim Assistant may publish or make available from time to time.
5.2 Muslim Assistant doesn’t endorse or assume any responsibility for the contents of User’s transmissions or communications through the App and/or Service and User is solely responsible therefor. User warrants and represent that User has the right and authority to submit User Materials and that User Materials do not infringe the intellectual property rights or any other rights of any third party. User hereby grant to Muslim Assistant a non-exclusive, worldwide royalty-free, irrevocable licence and right to host, transmit, distribute or use (which will include without limitation, the right to copy, reproduce and/or publish) the User Materials in connection with the provision of the Service to User and for the purposes User have instructed or requested.
6. DATA WE COLLECT
6.1 While using Our Service, We may ask Users to provide Us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify Users. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email address
First name and last name
Public profile picture of Email, Facebook and Gmail accounts, depending on the account choice of signup process
This collection of information is only available when User creates an account on Muslim Assistant app through third-party services like Email signup, Facebook signup, Google Signup options.
User agrees that, by creating an account, consent is given to Muslim Assistant app to send emails for, including but not limited to, new account creation, password reset or payment failure occasions.
Muslim Assistant keeps activity progress of the User, with an associated account that, In any case of data loss or inability to access an account or log in, Muslim Assistant app doesn’t have a legal obligation to restore the data back or provide the service to the User.
If the Users accidentally create additional accounts on Muslim Assistant app, which may consist of choices of multiple Google, Facebook or Email accounts, Users must be aware that all accounts are separate and can not be tied or combined unless they have been created with the same email address. Users could demand account deletion of accidentally created accounts by contacting
help@muslimassistant.com
email address.
6.2 DELETION OF INFORMATION
Retention of collected data subjects to the Third Party companies limits, which are listed at 2.2. Of Muslim Assistant or any other apps of Muslim Assistant
Muslim Assistant App does not save personal data which are listed at 2.2, in It's server unless User creates an account as declared on 6.1.
If User creates an account and prefers their account to be deleted, there are a few steps to complete the deletion:
User must go to settings, tap my profile screen and  tap to “delete account” at the footer. Then the account information from the Muslim Assistant app’s Database will be deleted automatically. User will see “Account is successfully deleted” message after deletion is complete.
It will take approximately 48 hours to apply the changes on the app. User can no longer login unless creating a new account.
User needs to delete Social Login (Facebook or Google Login) app activities themself. Steps are mentioned below.
User’s Account Information Deletion for Facebook Login
If User wants to delete their activities on Muslim Assistant of a Facebook account, Users have the choice to remove their information and delete their account by following these steps:
Go to Facebook Account’s Setting & Privacy. Tap “Settings”
Look for “Apps and Websites” and you will see all of the apps and websites you linked with your Facebook.
Search and tap “Muslim Assistant” in the search bar.
Tap “Remove”.
App activities are successfully removed from Muslim Assistant app.
If Muslim Assistant app could not be found at the search result mentioned on step 3,  which is "Apps and Websites" search, that means the Muslim Assistant app activities are not stored in a Facebook account.
User’s Account Information Deletion for Google Login
If User wants to delete their activities on Muslim Assistant of a Google account, Users have the choice to remove their information and delete their account by following these steps:
Go to Google Account settings
Under “Services on this device” title, go to “Settings for Google Apps”
Tap Connected Apps
Choose Muslim Assistant App among the list
Tap “Disconnect”
App activities are successfully removed from Muslim Assistant app.
If Muslim Assistant app could not be found at the search result mentioned on step 4,  which is "Choose Muslim Assistant App among the list" search, that means the Muslim Assistant app activities are not stored in a Google account.
Besides Facebook and Google, Users could request to delete the account information of their email account that have been created on Muslim Assistant App, by contacting help@muslimassistant.com  email address.
Muslim Assistant app is also available to use without an account creation where Muslim Assistant app has the reserve the right to make changes of the use or purpose of  the accounts.
Important:
Deletion of account does not end an existing Subscription or Lifetime purchase. For subscription cancellation; App Store’s, Google Play Store’s or  Huawei Mobile Services’ cancellation policies apply.
For Apple auto-renewable subscription cancellation:
https://apps.apple.com/account/subscriptions
For Google Play auto-renewable  subscription cancellation:
https://play.google.com/store/account/subscriptions
7. DATA PRIVACY AND CONFIDENTIALITY
6.1 Users agree that all information and/or particulars sent or submitted by User through the App or Service are non-confidential and non-proprietary unless otherwise expressly indicated by the User and may be collected, used and disclosed by Muslim Assistant in accordance with Muslim Assistant’s Terms, as may be updated and/or amended by Muslim Assistant from time to time.
8. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
7.1 Muslim Assistant shall in no event nor for any reason whatsoever be liable, even if Muslim Assistant has been advised of the possibility of such damages, losses or expenses, for any damages, loss or expense, including direct, indirect, special, or consequential damage, or economic loss, arising from or in connection with (i) any access, use or the inability to access or use the App or Service; (ii) any system, server or connection failure, error, omission, interruption, delay in transmission, computer virus or other malicious, destructive or corrupting code, agent program or macros; (iii) any use of or access to any other website or webpage provided through the App or Service; (iv) any services, products, information, data, software or other material obtained or downloaded from the App or Service or from any other website or webpage provided through the App or Service or from any other party referred by or through the use of the App or Service; or (v) Users use or misuse of the App or Service. In no event shall Muslim Assistant be liable to User, or any other party for: (a) amounts due from other Users of the App or Service in connection with the purchase of any products/services; (b) damages arising in connection with the downloading or installation of, or the inability to download or install the App, by User or other third party; and/or (c) sales, customs and/or import or export taxes.
9. INDEMNITY
8.1 User will indemnify and hold harmless Muslim Assistant from and against any and all claims, actions, proceedings, suits, liabilities, losses, damages, settlements, penalties, fines, costs or expenses (including solicitor and client costs and expenses (legal or otherwise)), which Muslim Assistant may sustain or incur, directly or indirectly, by reason of Muslim Assistant having made available the App and/or Service to User or having entered into these Terms & Conditions with User or enforcement of Muslim Assistant’s rights under these Terms & Conditions or in acting upon any instructions which User may give in relation to the App or Service or any negligence, fraud and/or misconduct on User’s part or breach of these Terms & Conditions.
8.2 User will cooperate fully in the defense of any allegation or third-party legal proceeding. Muslim Assistant reserves the right to assume the exclusive control and defence of any indemnified matter under this Clause 8.
10. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
9.1 All copyright and other intellectual property and proprietary rights in the content, including but not limited to text, software, code, scripts, webpages, music, sound, photographs, video, graphics, graphical User interface, forms, diagrams or other material contained in the App or Service (“Content”) belong to Muslim Assistant or its licensors unless otherwise indicated.
9.2 User may access material displayed on the App or through the Service for User’s non-commercial use only provided that User also retains all copyright and other proprietary notices contained on the materials. User may not, however, copy, reproduce, distribute, modify, transmit, reuse, re-post, or use the Content for public or commercial purposes without Muslim Assistant’s prior written permission. The trademarks, logos, and service marks (collectively the “Trademarks”) displayed on the App are registered and unregistered Trademarks of Muslim Assistant or where applicable, other third party proprietors. No right or license is given to any party accessing the App or Service to download, reproduce or use any such Trademarks.
11. TERMINATION
10.1 Muslim Assistant, in its sole discretion, may with immediate effect upon giving User notice in any of the manners (mail or email) terminate User’s right to access and use the App and/or the Service and/or invalidate Username and Password and may bar access to the App (or any part thereof) and/or the Service (or any part thereof) for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation, any breach of these Terms & Conditions.
10.2 Upon termination of these Terms & Conditions for any reason whatsoever, all rights and/or licenses granted to User under these Terms & Conditions shall immediately cease and terminate and User shall stop the access and use of the App and the Service in any way whatsoever.
10.3 Termination of these Terms & Conditions for any reason shall not affect User’s obligation to make full payment of any fees payable if such fee has not already been paid.
12. AMENDMENTS TO TERMS OF USE
11.1 Muslim Assistant may impose such further terms and conditions and make such amendments to these Terms & Conditions as Muslim Assistant may in its discretion deem fit from time to time (including terms or amendments allowing Muslim Assistant to charge or revise fees for the use of the App and/or Service). Muslim Assistant will notify User of such amendments by posting the amendments on the App or such other method of notification as may be designated by Muslim Assistant (such as via email or other forms of electronic communications), which User agree shall be sufficient notice for the purpose of this clause. If User does not agree to be bound by the amendments, User shall immediately cease all access and/or use of the App and Service. User further agree that if User continues to use and/or access the App and/or Service after being notified of such amendments to these Terms & Conditions, such use and/or access shall constitute an affirmative: (i) acknowledgement by User of these Terms & Conditions and its amendments; and (ii) agreement by User to abide and be bound by these Terms & Conditions and its amendments.
13. USER-GENERATED CONTENT
Muslim Assistant is not responsible for the contents created by the Users. All the responsibilities are entirely owned by Users.
Users warrant that the contents they generate DO NOT contain:
A violation of copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, confidentiality, publicity, morality, property rights or other rights,
Personal contact information for themselves or others,
Discrimination based on race, gender, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation or age,
Another person's name, likeness or appearance; unless they have that person's express permission.
Defamatory, obscene, pornographic, abusive, immoral, threatening, harassing, hateful or offensive or otherwise unlawful expressions.
When Users submit content via third party sites such as Instagram, Facebook or Twitter, their use of those sites are governed by these sites’ terms and conditions and not Muslim Assistant.
Be aware that Muslim Assistant has no control over User-generated content once it leaves our app. It is possible that others may duplicate material found on our app, including, but not limited to, on other sites on the Internet or any social media platforms.
14. SUBSCRIPTIONS
14.1 Subscriptions start when the payment has been confirmed and will continue for that period (monthly, yearly or lifetime). Users might change the auto-renewal preferences from their store accounts (Google Play Store, Apple App Store or Huawei Mobile Services) or contact
premium@muslimassistant.com
for the web payment option. All the responsibilities are owned by Users about the auto-renew subscriptions. Subscription pricing is subject to change. New pricing takes effect upon renewal of the existing subscription.
Subscription will automatically renew at the end of the applicable subscription period unless the Users cancel their subscription before the end of the current subscription period.
Muslim Assistant offers Trial version for a specified period without payment and requires Users’ payment details to start the Trial. After the Users agree that, Muslim Assistant automatically begin charging for the subscription on the first day following the end of the trial. If the Users do not want this charge, they must cancel the applicable paid subscription before the end of the trial.
Muslim Assistant may offer subscription packages to Users when they launch the app for the first time, or when Users are actively using the app. Subscription offers may be shown to Users in a full screen, as in-app-message or through a notification where Users have their own preference or consent, to reject or accept the offer. Muslim Assistant and Qibla Finder apps are free to use. It is never obligatory to accept any subscription package offers, from any App Stores (Google Play Store, Apple App Store or Huawei Mobile Services) or web purchases.
Subscription packages include specific features not served to free Users. Subscription services and prices could be updated from time to time. At the moment, premium features are: no ads, widgets, dhikr button options, Qibla compass options, Several Qur’an themes, Some of the Islamic sticker packs.
14.2 If User has purchased Premium Membership or commenced a Trial through a Code, additional terms and conditions presented to User along with the Code may also apply. In that case, User agrees to comply with such terms and conditions, in addition to this Contract.
Users must be aware that a purchased paid subscription through a third party must be canceled directly with that third party, such as Google Play Store, Apple App Store or Huawei App Gallery. If Users have made a purchase through premium.muslimassistant.com website, then Users should contact through
premium@muslimassistant.com
email address to get their subscription suspensions, cancellations managed.
14.3 We use a third-party payment processor (the “Payment Processor”) in order to receive  payments for purchases made through Muslim Assistant. The processing of such payments will be subject to the terms, conditions and privacy policies of the Payment Processor in addition to this Member Contract. We shall be not liable for any damages caused by the Payment Processor. By making a purchase through us, User agrees to pay us, through the Payment Processor, all charges at prices in effect on the date of purchase and/or on dates the subscription renews automatically, for any use of such Paid Services in accordance with the applicable payment terms, and authorize us, through the Payment Processor, to charge User’s chosen payment provider (“Payment Method”). Assistant App Company which owns Muslim Assistant app has a partnership with Mobiscus Limited Company for the usage of Payment Processor service.
User must provide up-to-date, complete and accurate information for the billing (such as a change in billing address, email address, credit card number, or credit card expiration date) and must promptly notify us or our Payment Processor if User’s Payment Method is canceled (e.g., for loss or theft) or if User becomes aware of a potential breach of security, such as an unauthorized disclosure or use of Username or password. Changes to such information may be made at Apple App Store or Google Play Store security page depending on purchase.
User’s bank, credit or debit card company may incur additional charges for which User agrees not to hold us responsible. These shall include, without limitation, banking costs, banking charges or charges which may occur due to currency conversions.
Important: For the subscription to take effect in Muslim Assistant app for the web payment cases, Users must login to Muslim Assistant app to restore their premium account, with the associated account/email address where the web payment process have been successfully completed. It is Users responsibility to login to Muslim Assistant app with the premium associated account/email address.
Refund processes take up to 15 days to be transferred back to your account for web payments. For the Store purchases, refund processes are up to Apple Store, Google Play Store or Huawei App Gallery depending on the Store you made the purchase from.
15. GENERAL
15.1 Muslim Assistant shall not be liable for any non-performance, error, interruption or delay in the performance of its obligations or in the App’s or the Service’s operation, or for any inaccuracy, unreliability or unsuitability of the contents made available through the App or Service if due, in whole or in part, directly or indirectly to an event or failure which is beyond the reasonable control of Muslim Assistant (including natural disasters, epidemics, acts of war or terrorism, acts of any government or authority, power failures, acts or defaults of any telecommunications network operator or carriers or the acts of a party for whom Muslim Assistant is not responsible for).
15.2 These Terms & Conditions and our relationship is governed by and construed in accordance with Turkish law. User submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Turkey.
15.3 User agrees and acknowledge that these Terms & Conditions and the Service do not include the provision of Internet access or other telecommunication services by Muslim Assistant. Any Internet access or telecommunications services (such as mobile data connectivity) required by User to access and use the Service shall be User’s sole responsibility and shall be separately obtained by User, at own cost, from the appropriate telecommunications or internet access service provider.
15.4 These Terms & Service is valid for all products and services related to Muslim Assistant App, including 100% Qibla Finder App.
15.5 Muslim Assistant app is an Islamic app which has different features to help on daily performings of prays for Muslim people. Muslim Assistant is not affiliated with and does not support any particular political organisation, sect, ideology or denomination.
15.6 Muslim Assistant is not responsible of the Subscription refunds that the User should connect to Google Play Support, Apple App Store support for Store subscriptions or Muslim Assistant Support for Web Purchases. Muslim Assistant is not liable or responsible from unterminated store or web subscriptions or uncancelled multiple premium accounts by the User.
15.7 In case of out of service, technical inabilities like involuntary data deletion, inability to serve premium features cases, Users have the right to cancel their subscriptions which are affecting the next billing cycle. Existing billing cycle’s payments will not be refunded to the User.
15.8 Content sources and information in the app is referenced from the Presidency of the Republic of Turkey, Presidency of Religious Affairs. Where, Presidency of the Republic of Turkey, Presidency of Religious Affairs doesn’t have any liability, responsibility or connection with the Muslim Assistant App.
15.9 Any breach of the requirements or restrictions in these Terms & Conditions shall result in immediate and automatic termination of all rights and license granted under the terms of this agreement. It will be the User's responsibility to follow the Terms & Conditions updates which may be published from time to time.
Thank you for your interest in our policy and reading the terms until the end.
Legal Information:
Company: Assistant App Teknoloji Anonim Şirketi
Address: Mansuroğlu Mah. Ankara Cad. No:81/012 Bayrakli / İzmir, 35030 TURKEY
Mersis Number: 0091109107600001
For your concerns and questions, please send an email to:
company@muslimassistant.com
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Sub-policy 1
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/:
Choose another country or region to see content specific to your location and shop online.
Ireland
Ireland
Other country or region
Continue
Apple
Store
Shop the Latest
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
Accessories
Find a Store
Order Status
Apple Trade In
Financing
Personal Setup
Certified Refurbished
Education
Business
Veterans and Military
Government
Mac
Explore All Mac
MacBook Air
MacBook Pro
iMac
Mac mini
Mac Studio
Mac Pro
Displays
Compare Mac
Switch from PC to Mac
Shop Mac
Help Me Choose
Mac Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Mac Support
AppleCare+ for Mac
macOS Sequoia
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
Continuity
iCloud+
Mac for Business
Education
iPad
Explore All iPad
iPad Pro
iPad Air
iPad
iPad mini
Apple Pencil
Keyboards
Compare iPad
Why iPad
Shop iPad
iPad Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
iPad Support
AppleCare+ for iPad
iPadOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iCloud+
Education
iPhone
Explore All iPhone
iPhone 16 Pro
iPhone 16
iPhone 16e
iPhone 15
Compare iPhone
Switch from Android
Shop iPhone
iPhone Accessories
Apple Trade In
Carrier Deals at Apple
Financing
iPhone Support
AppleCare+ for iPhone
iOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iPhone Privacy
iCloud+
Wallet, Pay, Card
Siri
Watch
Explore All Apple Watch
Apple Watch Series 10
Apple Watch Ultra 2
Apple Watch SE
Apple Watch Nike
Apple Watch Hermès
Compare Watch
Why Apple Watch
Shop Apple Watch
Apple Watch Studio
Apple Watch Bands
Apple Watch Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Apple Watch Support
AppleCare+
watchOS 11
Apple Watch For Your Kids
Apps by Apple
Apple Fitness+
Vision
Explore Apple Vision Pro
Guided Tour
Tech Specs
Shop Apple Vision Pro
Apple Vision Pro Accessories
Book a Demo
Financing
Apple Vision Pro Support
AppleCare+
visionOS 2
AirPods
Explore All AirPods
AirPods 4
AirPods Pro 2
AirPods Max
Compare AirPods
Shop AirPods
AirPods Accessories
AirPods Support
AppleCare+ for Headphones
Hearing Health
Apple Music
TV & Home
Explore TV & Home
Apple TV 4K
HomePod
HomePod mini
Shop Apple TV 4K
Shop HomePod
Shop HomePod mini
Shop Siri Remote
TV & Home Accessories
Apple TV Support
HomePod Support
AppleCare+
Apple TV app
Apple TV+
Home app
Apple Music
Siri
AirPlay
Entertainment
Explore Entertainment
Apple One
Apple TV+
Apple Music
Apple Arcade
Apple Fitness+
Apple News+
Apple Podcasts
Apple Books
App Store
Apple TV+ Support
Apple Music Support
Accessories
Shop All Accessories
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
TV & Home
Made by Apple
Beats by Dr. Dre
AirTag
Support
iPhone
Mac
iPad
Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Music
TV
Explore Support
Community
Check Coverage
Repair
Get AppleCare+
Apple Account and Password
Billing & Subscriptions
Accessibility
Find a Store
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Apple Intelligence
Apple Trade In
0
+
Privacy
Local Nav Open Menu
Local Nav Close Menu
Overview
Features
Control
Labels
Transparency Report
Privacy Policy
English
Choose your preferred language
At Apple, we believe strongly in fundamental privacy rights — and that those fundamental rights should not differ depending on where you live in the world.
That’s why we treat any data that relates to an identified or identifiable individual or that is linked or linkable to them by Apple as “personal data,” no matter where the individual lives.
This means that data that directly identifies you — such as your name — is personal data, and also data that does not directly identify you, but that can reasonably be used to identify you — such as the serial number of your device — is personal data. Aggregated data is considered non‑personal data for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy covers how
Apple or an Apple-affiliated company
(collectively, “Apple”) handles personal data whether you interact with us on our websites, through Apple apps (such as Apple Music or Wallet), or in person (including by phone or when visiting an Apple Store). Apple may also link to third parties on our services or make third-party apps available for download in our App Store. Apple’s Privacy Policy does not apply to how third parties define personal data or how they use it. We encourage you to read their privacy policies and know your privacy rights before interacting with them.
At Apple, we respect your ability to know, access, correct, transfer, restrict the processing of, and delete your personal data. We have provided these rights to our global customer base and if you choose to exercise these privacy rights, you have the right not to be treated in a discriminatory way nor to receive a lesser degree of service from Apple. Where you are requested to consent to the processing of your personal data by Apple, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
To exercise your privacy rights and choices, including where a third-party service provider is acting on Apple’s behalf, visit the Apple Data and Privacy page at
privacy.apple.com
for Apple or
shazam.com/privacy
for Shazam.
To help protect the security of your personal data, you must sign in to your account and your identity will be verified. If you want to obtain a copy of personal data that is not currently available from
privacy.apple.com
, you can make a request at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the applicable regulator.
There may be situations where we cannot grant your request — for example, if you ask us to delete your transaction data and Apple is legally obligated to keep a record of that transaction to comply with law. We may also decline to grant a request where doing so would undermine our legitimate use of data for anti-fraud and security purposes, such as when you request deletion of an account that is being investigated for security concerns. Other reasons your privacy request may be denied are if it jeopardizes the privacy of others, is frivolous or vexatious, or would be extremely impractical or unreasonable.
If you live in California and you cannot access Apple’s Data and Privacy page,
you or your authorized agent can make a request at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
or by calling 1-800-275-2273.
For more information on exercising your rights, visit
support.apple.com/102283
.
At Apple, we believe that you can have great products and great privacy. This means that we strive to
collect only the personal data that we need
. The personal data Apple collects depends on how you interact with Apple. Descriptions of how Apple handles personal data for certain individual services are available at
apple.com/legal/privacy/data
.
When you create an Apple Account, apply for commercial credit, purchase and/or activate a product or device, download a software update, register for a class at an Apple Store, connect to our services, contact us (including by social media), participate in an online survey, or otherwise interact with Apple, we may collect a variety of information, including:
Account Information.
Your Apple Account and related account details, including email address, devices registered, account status, and age
Device Information.
Data from which your device could be identified, such as device serial number, or about your device, such as browser type
Contact Information
. Data such as name, email address, physical address, phone number, or other contact information
Payment Information. Data about your billing address and method of payment, such as bank details, credit, debit, or other payment card information
Transaction Information.
Data about purchases of Apple products and services or transactions facilitated by Apple, including purchases on Apple platforms
Fraud Prevention Information.
Data used to help identify and prevent fraud, including a device trust score
Usage Data.
Data about your activity on and use of our offerings, such as app launches within our services, including browsing history; search history; product interaction; crash data, performance and other diagnostic data; and other usage data
Location Information
. Precise location only to support services such as Find My or where you agree for region-specific services, and coarse location
Health Information.
Data relating to the health status of an individual, including data related to one’s physical or mental health or condition. Personal health data also includes data that can be used to make inferences about or detect the health status of an individual. If you participate in a study using an Apple Health Research Study app, the policy governing the privacy of your personal data is described in the
Apple Health Study Apps Privacy Policy
.
Fitness Information.
Details relating to your fitness and exercise information where you choose to share them
Financial Information.
Details including salary, income, and assets information where collected, and information related to Apple-branded financial offerings
Government ID Data.
In certain jurisdictions, we may ask for a government-issued ID in limited circumstances, including when setting up a wireless account and activating your device, for the purpose of extending commercial credit, managing reservations, or as required by law
Other Information You Provide to Us.
Details such as the content of your communications with Apple, including interactions with customer support and contacts through social media channels
You are not required to provide the personal data that we have requested. However, if you choose not to do so, in many cases we will not be able to provide you with our products or services or respond to requests you may have.
Apple may receive personal data about you from other
individuals
, from businesses or third parties acting
at your direction
, from our
partners
who work with us to provide our products and services and assist us in security and fraud prevention, and from other
lawful sources.
Individuals.
Apple may collect data about you from other individuals — for example, if that individual has sent you a product or gift card, invited you to participate in an Apple service or forum, or shared content with you.
At Your Direction.
You may direct other individuals or third parties to share data with Apple. For example, you may direct your mobile carrier to share data about your carrier account with Apple for account activation, or for your loyalty program to share information about your participation so that you can earn rewards for Apple purchases.
Apple Partners.
We may also validate the information you provide — for example, when creating an Apple Account, with a third party for security, and for fraud-prevention purposes.
To power features such as search and as a source for our foundational AI models, Apple uses Applebot, a web crawler, to crawl information that is publicly available on the internet. We have measures in place to reduce the amount of personal data we collect and make no attempt to connect data crawled to any individual Apple user, or to build profiles about individuals. Your private personal data is not used to train our foundational AI models. To exercise your right as an individual to opt out of processing, visit the
Apple Intelligence Privacy Inquiries form
. For more information about Applebot, visit
support.apple.com/120320
.
For research and development purposes, we may use datasets such as those that contain images, voices, or other data that could be associated with an identifiable person. When acquiring such datasets, we do so in accordance with applicable law, including law in the jurisdiction in which the dataset is hosted. When using such datasets for research and development, we do not attempt to reidentify individuals who may appear therein.
Apple uses personal data to power our services, to process your transactions, to communicate with you, for security and fraud prevention, and to comply with law. We may also use personal data for other purposes with your consent.
Apple uses your personal data only when we have a valid legal basis to do so.
Depending on the circumstance, Apple may rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary to fulfill a contract with you, protect your vital interests or those of other persons, or to comply with law. We may also process your personal data where we believe it is in our or others’ legitimate interests, taking into consideration your interests, rights, and expectations. More information is available in the product-specific information embedded in our products and features as described above. If you have questions about the legal basis, you can contact the Data Protection Officer at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
.
Power Our Services.
Apple collects personal data necessary to power our services, which may include personal data collected to improve our offerings, for internal purposes such as auditing or data analysis, or for troubleshooting. For example, if you would like to access a song through an Apple Music subscription, we collect data on what songs you play in order to provide you with the content requested and for royalty purposes.
Process Your Transactions.
To process transactions, Apple must collect data such as your name, purchase, and payment information.
Communicate with You.
To respond to communications, reach out to you about your transactions or account, market our products and services, provide other relevant information, or request information or feedback. From time to time, we may use your personal data to send important notices, such as communications about purchases and changes to our terms, conditions, and policies. Because this information is important to your interaction with Apple, you may not opt out of receiving these important notices.
Security and Fraud Prevention.
To protect individuals, employees, and Apple and for loss prevention and to prevent fraud, including to protect individuals, employees, and Apple for the benefit of all our users, and prescreening or scanning uploaded content for potentially illegal content, including child sexual exploitation material.
Personal Data Used for Personalization.
If you choose to personalize your services or communications where such options are available, Apple will use information that we collect so that we can offer you those personalized services or communications. You can learn more about how relevant services use information to personalize your experience by reviewing the privacy information presented when you first use a service that asks to use your personal data. We make this information easy to find by presenting it with our Data & Privacy icon; it’s also available at all times on your Apple device and online at
apple.com/legal/privacy/data
.
Comply with Law.
To comply with applicable law — for example, to satisfy tax or reporting obligations, or to comply with a lawful governmental request.
Apple does not use algorithms or profiling to make any decision that would significantly affect you without the opportunity for human review. Apple also does not use or disclose sensitive personal data for any purposes that would require a user to exercise a right to limit processing according to California law.
Apple retains personal data only for so long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, including as described in this Privacy Policy or in our service-specific privacy notices, or as required by law. We will retain your personal data for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy and our service-specific privacy notices. When assessing retention periods, we first carefully examine whether it is necessary to retain the personal data collected and, if retention is required, work to retain the personal data for the shortest possible period permissible under law.
Apple may share personal data with
Apple-affiliated companies
,
service providers
who act on our behalf, our
partners
,
developers, and publishers
, or others
at your direction
. Further, Apple does not share personal data with third parties for their own marketing purposes.
Service Providers.
Apple may engage third parties to act as our service providers and perform certain tasks on our behalf, such as processing or storing data, including personal data, in connection with your use of our services and delivering products to customers. Apple service providers are obligated to handle personal data consistent with this Privacy Policy and according to our instructions. They cannot use the personal data we share for their own purposes and must delete or return the personal data once they’ve fulfilled our request.
Partners.
At times, Apple may partner with third parties to provide services or other offerings. For example, Apple financial offerings like Apple Card and Apple Cash are offered by Apple and our partners. Apple requires its partners to protect your personal data.
Developers and Publishers from Whom You Get a Subscription.
If you purchase a third-party subscription from the App Store or within Apple News, we create a Subscriber ID that is unique to you and the developer or publisher. The Subscriber ID may be used to provide reports to the developer or publisher, which include information about the subscription you purchased and your country of residence. If you cancel all of your subscriptions from a particular developer or publisher, the Subscriber ID will reset after 180 days if you do not resubscribe. This information is provided to developers or publishers so that they can understand the performance of their subscriptions.
Others.
Apple may share personal data with others at your direction or with your consent, such as when we share information with your carrier to activate your account. We may also disclose information about you if we determine that for purposes of national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance, disclosure is necessary or appropriate. We may also disclose information about you where there is a lawful basis for doing so, if we determine that disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce our terms and conditions or to protect our operations or users, or in the event of a reorganization, merger, or sale.
Apple does not sell your personal data including as “sale” is defined in Nevada and California. Apple also does not “share” your personal data as that term is defined in California.
At Apple, we believe that great privacy rests on great security. We use
administrative, technical, and physical safeguards
to protect your personal data, taking into account the nature of the personal data and the processing, and the threats posed. We are constantly working to improve on these safeguards to help keep your personal data secure. For more information, visit our
Apple Platform Security
guide.
Apple understands the importance of safeguarding the personal data of children, which we consider to be an
individual under the age of 13 or the equivalent age as specified by law in your jurisdiction
. That is why Apple has implemented additional processes and protections to help keep children’s personal data safe.
To access certain Apple services, a child must have a child Apple Account. A child Apple Account may be created by the
parent
or, in the case of a Managed Apple Account, by the
child’s educational institution
.
Parents.
To create a child account, parents must review the
Family Privacy Disclosure for Children
, which describes how Apple handles children’s personal data. If they agree, the parent must provide Apple with a verifiable parental consent.
Educational Institutions.
Educational institutions that participate in the Apple School Manager Program may also create Apple IDs for students, called “Managed Apple IDs.” These schools are required to agree to the
Managed Apple IDs for Students Disclosure
which is included as Exhibit A to the Apple School Manager Agreement.
If we learn that a child’s personal data was collected without appropriate authorization, it will be deleted as soon as possible.
To exercise privacy rights for your child’s information, visit the Apple Data and Privacy page at
privacy.apple.com
and sign in to their account.
Apple’s websites, online services, interactive applications, and advertisements may use
“cookies” and other technologies
such as web beacons.
These technologies help us to better understand user behavior including for security and fraud prevention purposes, tell us which parts of our websites people have visited, and facilitate and measure the effectiveness of advertisements and web searches.
Communications Cookies.
These cookies are used to enable network traffic to and from Apple’s systems, including by helping us detect any errors.
Strictly Necessary Cookies.
These cookies are set as required to provide a specific feature or service that you have accessed or requested. For example, they allow us to display our websites in the proper format and language, to authenticate and verify your transactions, and to preserve the contents of your Bag when shopping online at
apple.com
.
Other Cookies.
These cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with our websites and online services, including by helping us to assess the effectiveness of advertisements and web searches. Apple also uses these cookies to remember choices you make while browsing, so we can provide you with a customized experience.
If you prefer that Apple not use cookies, we provide you with the means to disable their use. If you want to disable cookies and you’re using the Safari web browser, choose “Block all cookies” in Safari’s privacy settings. If you are using a different browser, check with your provider to find out how to disable cookies. Certain features of the Apple website may not be available if all cookies are disabled.
In addition to cookies, Apple uses other technologies that help us achieve similar objectives.
In some email messages Apple sends to you, we provide a “click-through URL” that links you to content on the Apple website. When you click one of these URLs, they pass through a separate server before arriving at the destination page on our website. We track this click-through to help us determine interest in particular topics and measure whether we are communicating with you effectively. If you prefer not to be tracked in this way, you should not click graphic or text links in email messages.
Apple generally treats data we collect using these cookies and similar technologies as non-personal data.
However, to the extent that Internet Protocol (IP) addresses or similar identifiers are considered personal data by local law, we also treat these identifiers as personal data in those regions. In addition, Apple sometimes combines non-personal data collected from these technologies with other personal data Apple holds. When we combine data in this way, we treat the combined data as personal data for purposes of this Privacy Policy.
Ads that are delivered by Apple’s advertising platform may appear on the App Store, Apple News, Stocks, and Apple TV app depending on your location. Apple’s advertising platform does not track you, meaning that it does not link user or device data collected from our apps with user or device data collected from third parties for targeted advertising or advertising measurement purposes, and does not share user or device data with data brokers.
If you do not want to receive ads targeted to your interests from Apple's advertising platform in those apps, you can choose to disable Personalized Ads, which will opt your Apple Account out of receiving such ads regardless of what device you are using. On your iOS, iPadOS, or visionOS device, you can disable Personalized Ads by going to Settings > Privacy & Security > Apple Advertising and tapping to turn off Personalized Ads. On your Mac, you can disable Personalized Ads by going to System Settings > Privacy & Security > Privacy > Advertising, then deselecting Personalized Ads. You may still see ads in the App Store, Apple News, or Stocks based on context like your search query or the channel you are reading. If you disable Allow Apps to Request to Track, third-party apps cannot request to use the Advertising Identifier, a non-personal identifier served by the operating system on your device, to track you across apps and websites owned by other companies.
For more information about Apple-delivered advertising and privacy, visit
apple.com/legal/privacy/data/ww/apple-advertising
.
Apple products and offerings connect you to the world. To make that possible,
your personal data may be transferred to or accessed by entities around the world,
including Apple-affiliated companies, to perform processing activities such as those described in this Privacy Policy in connection with your use of our products and services. Apple complies with laws on the transfer of personal data between countries to help ensure your data is protected, wherever it may be.
The Apple entity that controls your personal data may differ depending on where you live.
For example, Apple Store information is controlled by individual retail entities in each country and Apple Media Services-related personal data may be controlled by various Apple entities as reflected in the terms of service. If you do not reside in the U.S., your personal data may be processed by Apple Inc. and other Apple-affiliated companies on behalf of the Apple entity controlling personal data for your jurisdiction. For example, Imagery and associated data collected by Apple around the world to improve Apple Maps and to support our Look Around feature is transferred to Apple Inc. in California.
Personal data relating to individuals in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland is controlled by Apple Distribution International Limited in Ireland. Apple’s international transfer of personal data collected in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland is governed by
Standard Contractual Clauses
. If you have questions or would like a copy of Apple’s Standard Contractual Clauses, you can contact us at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
.
Personal data collected by
Apple or an Apple-affiliated company
worldwide is generally stored by Apple Inc. in the United States. Regardless of where your personal data is stored, Apple maintains the same high level of protection and safeguarding measures.
Apple’s privacy practices, as described in this Privacy Policy, comply with the Global Cross-Border Privacy Rules (CBPRs) System and the Global Privacy Recognition for Processors (PRP) System. For more information about the Global CBPR and PRP Systems, visit
Global CBPR Forum
. To view our certifications, visit
CBPR System Compliance Directory
. For more information about the scope of our participation, or to submit a privacy inquiry through
BBB National Programs
, our Accountability Agent, visit:
Cross-Border Privacy Rules Program
Privacy Recognition for Processors Program
Personal data relating to individuals in the People’s Republic of China may be processed by Apple in countries outside of the People’s Republic of China, such as Apple Inc. in the United States or Apple Distribution International Limited in the Republic of Ireland. Where this occurs, it will be done in compliance with local laws, including the Personal Information Protection Law. For the purposes of processing set out in this Privacy Policy, Apple may also transfer such personal data to third-party service providers, who may in turn store or transfer the data outside of the People’s Republic of China. For more information, visit
China Mainland Privacy Disclosures
.
To make sure your personal data is secure, we communicate our privacy and security guidelines to Apple employees and strictly enforce privacy safeguards within the company.
If you have questions about Apple’s Privacy Policy or privacy practices including where a third-party service provider is acting on our behalf, or you would like to contact our Data Protection Officer, you can contact us at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
or call the
Apple Support number
for your country or region.
You can also ask us questions about how to submit a privacy complaint and we will endeavor to help.
Apple takes your privacy questions seriously. A dedicated team reviews your inquiry to determine how best to respond to your question or concern, including those inquiries received in response to an access or download request. In most cases, all substantive contacts receive a response within seven days. In other cases, we may require additional information or let you know that we need more time to respond.
Where your complaint indicates an improvement could be made in our handling of privacy issues, we will take steps to make such an update at the next reasonable opportunity. In the event that a privacy issue has resulted in a negative impact on you or another person, we will take steps to address that with you or that other person.
You may at any time — including if you are not satisfied with Apple’s response — refer your complaint to the applicable regulator. If you ask us, we will endeavor to provide you with information about relevant complaint avenues which may be applicable to your circumstances.
When there is a material change to this Privacy Policy, we’ll post a notice on this website at least a week in advance of doing so and contact you directly about the change if we have your data on file.
View our CBPR certification
View our PRP certification
Sub-policy 2
https://yandex.com/legal/privacy:
General
Yandex Terms of Service
Yandex ID Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Yandex.Maps
Yandex Map Editor
Yandex.Store
Yandex.DNS
Yandex Disk
Yandex Zen
Yandex.Toloka
Yandex.Radar
Yandex Language Community
Yandex.Auto powered by Bosch
Yandex.Collections
Yandex.Collections API
Developer Console API
Yandex.Patents Service
Yango
Yandex Mail
Terms of watching of the paid content on KinoPoisk Service
Constructor Special Function
Yandex.Contest
“Yango Plus Cashback” – Loyalty program Terms
Yandex Games Collections
Terms of Membership in the Yandex Maps API Loyalty Program for startups
Yandex Maps API Service Agreement
Terms of Use of Yandex Cloud Postbox
Service Levels
Service Level for Postbox
Developer Tools
Yandex.Store Developer Agreement
Rich Content API
Yandex.Translate API
Yandex.Predictor API
Metrica
Yandex Mobile Ads SDK License Agreement
Yandex.Turbo Pages API
Terms of Use of Yandex.Games Platform for Developers
Terms of Use of “Yandex.Taxi Widget” Service
Terms of Use of Yandex.Dialogues
Contributor License Agreement of Yandex.Cloud Service
Yandex Publishing License Agreement
Terms of Targeting and Promoting Games to European Union
Software license agreements
Yandex Zen for Mobile Devices
Yandex Desktop Software License Agreement
legal/browser_agreement//en
Yandex.Flights
Yandex.Connect
Yandex.Toloka
Yandex.Metrica
Taximeter for Mobile Devices
Yandex.Cloud for Mobile Devices
Yandex.Keyboard program for Mobile Devices
For the owners of the web sites
Browser Update Constructor
Terms of Use of Yandex Webmaster
Yandex Advertising Network
Terms of Participation
For advertisers
General Terms and Conditions. Advertising Requirements
Regulations for placing advertisements on Yandex. Advertising
               Requirements
Advertising Requirements
Banner Ads. Advertising requirements
Smart banner. Advertising requirements
Procedure for Placement of Materials on Yandex Internet Media Places
Audience: Terms of Service
“Yandex Direct” Service Offer
Ad Serving Rules
English
Română
Srpski
Español
Tiếng việt
Norsk
English
Français
עברית
Português
Effective Date: 19.05.2022
Current version is available at
https://yandex.com/legal/confidential
.
This Privacy Policy (hereinafter, the “Policy”) covers any information about users of our products and services (hereinafter, “You”) that may include personal data as defined by applicable laws and regulations (hereinafter, “Personal information”), which YANDEX LLC and (or) its affiliated entities, including all entities belonging to the same group as YANDEX LLC (jointly referred to as “Yandex”), may obtain when you use any of the Yandex websites, programs, products or services, including its search, e-mail, map, storage service or any other program, product or service (jointly referred to as, the “Services”), information about which you can find on
yandex.ru
,
yandex.com
,
yandex.by
,
yandex.kz
,
yandex.com.tr
,
yandex.co.il
, and other Yandex websites (collectively, the “Sites”), and as well as during the performance of any contract or agreement Yandex concludes with you in relation to your using the Services. Also, Personal information can be obtained by Yandex through its partners (“Partners”), such as advertising partners or taxi service providers, who provide you with access to or let you use websites, programs, products or services owned or operated by them, and from the sources of publicly available personal data. Partners can provide Personal information to Yandex only as stipulated by applicable laws and regulations and in accordance with special agreements between Yandex and each of the Partners.
Please note that your using any of the Sites and/or Services may be subject to additional terms and conditions, which may amend and/or supplement this Policy and (or) include specific privacy terms in relevant parts of legal documents for such Sites and/or Services.
To provide you with access to the Sites and Services, your Personal information is collected and used by Yandex which may include YANDEX LLC, a company incorporated under Russian law, with a head office registered at 16 Lva Tolstogo St., Moscow 119021, Russia (“YANDEX” LLC), or its affiliates for particular Services or in specific jurisdictions. You can find information about the entity, which provides the particular Service in the relevant Service’s terms of use.
For users in the European Economic Area (EEA) or Switzerland (except for the users of the services Yango, Yandex.Taxi, Deli) Yandex is represented by its Finnish entity, Global DC Oy, a company incorporated under Finnish law, with an office registered at Moreenikatu 6, 04600 Mantsala, Finland.
For users in Israel Yandex is represented by its Israeli entities Yandex.Go Israel Ltd, a company incorporated under Israeli law, with an office registered at: 148 Menachem Begin St., Tel Aviv, Israel 6492104, Yango.Taxi Ltd., a company incorporated under Israeli law, with an office registered at: 148 Menachem Begin St., Tel Aviv, Israel 6492104, and Yango Market Israel Ltd., a company incorporated under Israeli law, with an office registered at: 114 Yigal Alon, Tel Aviv, Israel 6744320.
Privacy and security of your Personal information are extremely important to us. When you use the Sites and/or Services, Yandex processes your Personal information and ensures its protection in strict compliance with applicable laws and regulations.
As part of our commitment to protecting your Personal information, we use this Policy to transparently inform you about the following:
(a) why and how your Personal information is collected and used (also, “processed”) by Yandex when you access the Sites or Services;
(b) Yandex’s role and responsibilities in this context as the legal entity deciding why and how your Personal information is processed;
(c) what instruments you may use to limit the amount of Personal information collected by Yandex; and
(d) what your rights are in relation to the above processing.
Personal information collected when you use the Sites and/or Services, or sites, services, programs or products of Partners, may differ depending on whether you access it while logged in to your Yandex user account or without logging in. When you are logged in to your Yandex user account as you are using the Sites or Services, Personal information collected by Yandex may be collated and combined with other Personal information (such as your identity, contact details, age and gender, if you shared this information with us) collected by Yandex in your user account. Yandex does not verify Personal information provided by you unless otherwise provided in the Terms of Use or License Agreement of relevant Services, and does not decide the its credibility or whether you have the legal capacity required. However, Yandex assumes that the information you provide is true, sufficiently complete and up-to-date.
Personal information collected by Yandex when you access, interact with or operate the Sites and/or Services includes:
(i) information provided by you when you register (create) a user account, such as your name, mobile phone number, address and age;
(ii) electronic data (http headers, IP address, cookies, web beacons/pixel tags, browser information, information about your hardware and software, wi-fi network data);
(iii) date and time of accessing the Sites or Services;
(iv) information related to your activity while using the Sites or Services (e.g. your search history, data on purchases in the Services, data on visited organizations, likes and preferences, email addresses of your mailing contacts, phonebook data, information about interaction with other users, as well as files and content stored in Yandex systems);
(v) (geo)location information;
(vi) other information about you that needs to be processed according to the terms and conditions of any specific Yandex Site or Service;
(vii) information about you that we may receive from our Partners in accordance with an agreement you made with this Partner and an agreement between Yandex and this Partner;
(viii) your payment cards information, and other payment information, provided by you, as well as provided by Partners or other entities engaged into processing of the payment operations conducted within the Yandex Sites or Services or in connection with providing commercial services by Yandex.
In addition, Yandex uses cookies and web beacons (including pixel tags) to collect your Personal information and associate this Personal information with your device and web browser (see Section 11 below).
Yandex does not actively collect any sensitive personal data (such as racial origins, political opinions, health or biometric data) unless specified in Terms of Use of relevant Services. However, you may voluntarily provide us with such data and we may process it as part of providing you with our Services (e.g. if you perform search queries related to your health). As we do not know in advance the potentially sensitive nature of the personal data you may provide to us, you must be aware that we may not be able to request your consent with such processing.
Yandex does not perform any form of profiling, which has the potential to significantly impact your rights and freedoms in accordance with applicable laws.
Yandex is not allowed to process your Personal information if it does not have a valid legal ground. Yandex will therefore only process your Personal information if:
(i) the processing is necessary to perform contractual obligations between you and Yandex such as User Agreement for Yandex Services (
https://yandex.com/legal/rules
) and the terms of use of specific Yandex Services, which also includes providing you with Sites and/or Services (i.e. providing you with the results of your search query);
(ii) the processing is necessary to comply with our legal or regulatory obligations;
(iii) in case it is provided by applicable law, the processing is necessary for the legitimate interests of Yandex and does not unduly affect your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. Please note that when we process your Personal information on this basis, we will always seek to maintain a balance between our legitimate interest and the protection of your privacy.
Examples of such ‘legitimate interests’ referred in (iii) immediately above are:
(a) to better understand how you interact with our Sites and/or Services;
(b) to enhance, maintaining accessibility, modify, personalize or otherwise improve the Sites and Services for the benefit of all users; and
(c) to offer you other products and services from Yandex or other companies which we think can be of interest to you (i.e. personally-targeted advertising).
(iv) for specific purposes or if consent is required under the applicable laws and regulations, we may ask your consent for processing of your Personal information. In those jurisdictions in which consent is the legal basis, you provide such consent by agreeing to use our Sites and/or Services. We hereby inform you, and you hereby acknowledge, that you have no legal obligation to provide us with any Personal Information when you use the Sites or Services, and such provision is solely based on your free will. However, you are aware that without the provision of Personal Information, we will not be able to provide you with Services and your use of the Sites will be limited.
Yandex always processes your Personal information for a specific purpose and only processes Personal information, which is relevant to achieve that purpose. In particular, we process your Personal information for the following purposes:
(i) to provide you with the Sites and/or Services (i.e. delivery of search results in response to your search queries, taking into account your preferences, search history and other Personal information about you available to Yandex);
(ii) to provide you with access to your user account, including your email and storage service, if you have an account for these Services;
(iii) to contact you to notify and/or inform you or request information from you in relation to the Sites and Services, or to execute our agreements with you or process your request or application;
(iv) to personalize advertisements and/or commercial offers based on your preferences, search history and other Personal information available to Yandex;
(v) to improve user experience, including offering more relevant search results and more personalised Sites and/or Services, as well as improving other Yandex products, applications and services;
(vi) to develop new products, applications and services;
(vii) to protect your rights and the rights of Yandex; and
(viii) to collect, process and present statistical data or big data, or perform other research and/or analysis of Personal information;
(ix) discovering of the security risks to the Sites and Services, users, Yandex and/or third parties, which also includes your integrity check in course of entering into agreements while using the Sites or Services;
(x) arrangement of the acceptance of your payments, processing of the payment for goods and services by you in course of using the Sites and Services.
The use of information received from the Google API (Received Data) in Yandex Services is exercised in accordance with the
Google API Disclosure
subject to the restrictions specified therein, namely:
Yandex uses the Received Data to provide you with the functions of Email Client. The Received Data is not offered for use by third parties, displaying advertising materials and other purposes related to unauthorized access to the content of your correspondence.
For more details on processing the Received Data, please visit: (
https://yandex.ru/legal/confidential_google_api
).
In most cases, Personal information is processed automatically without access to it by our staff. However, if such access is necessary, your Personal information can be accessed only by those Yandex employees whose professional tasks require using this information. To protect your Personal information and ensure its confidentiality, these employees must comply with internal rules and follow protocols for processing Personal information. They are also required to follow all technical and organisational security measures protecting your Personal information.
Yandex has also implemented adequate technical and organisational measures to protect Personal information against unauthorised, accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, misuse, disclosure or access and against all other unlawful forms of processing. These security measures have been implemented taking into account the state of the art of the technology, their cost of implementation, the risks presented by the processing and the nature of Personal information.
7.1
Within the Yandex group
Yandex may transfer your Personal information to our employees (within the limits set out in Section 6 above). Yandex may also transfer your Personal information to its affiliates including other companies of the group to which Yandex belongs (the “Yandex Group”). Please note that the level of protection of Personal Information in some countries may not be identical to the level required in your jurisdiction, by using the Services you consent to such transfer.
In all cases, unless otherwise stated by the terms of use of the Sites or Services that are provided by companies of the Yandex Group, Personal information will continue to be processed only for the purposes set out in Section 5 hereof. Your Personal information may also be processed by entities listed at the page via
https://yandex.com/legal/affiliates
.
7.2 Outside the Yandex Group
Yandex may also transfer Personal information to third parties outside the Yandex Group to complete the purposes listed in Section 5 above. Please note that the level of protection of Personal Information in some countries may not be identical to the level in your jurisdiction and by using the Services you consent to such transfer.
Such third parties may include:
i. Partners, such as media publishers, advertising networks and other partners providing Yandex with services related to the placement and display of advertisement on the websites, programs, products and/or services owned or operated by such Partners, taxi companies operating the taxi Services;
ii. Advertisers or other Partners serving targeted advertisement on the Yandex Sites or Services; and third parties who process Personal information, such as our (IT) systems providers and/or consultants;
iii. Entities, providing information for discovering security risks to the Sites and Services, users, Yandex and/or third parties, including your integrity check in course of entering into agreements while using the Sites or Services;
iv. Entities, involved in the arrangement of the acceptance of your payments, processing of the payment for goods and services by you in course of using the Sites and Services (international payment systems, payment products vendors, banks and other financial organizations, etc.).
Yandex may also transfer Personal information to the following third parties outside the Yandex Group:
i. any third party, to whom we assign any of our rights or obligations under agreements related to offering of the Services to the users, or who maintain control with other means over the entities, offering the Services as a result of its acquisition (by acquisition of legal entity, objects of intellectual property, property, proprietary rights or otherwise);
ii. any national or international regulatory, enforcement, exchange body, central or local government department and other statutory or public bodies or court where we are required to do so by applicable law or regulation at their request;
iii. third parties if you expressed your consent to such transfer or transfer of your Personal information is required for your use of a certain Service or performance of a particular agreement or contract with you;
iv. any third party to ensure legal protection for Yandex and/or the third parties if you violate the User Agreement of any of the Yandex Services (
https://yandex.com/legal/rules
), this Policy or the terms of use of specific Services, or if there is a threat of such violation.
Yandex stores Personal information in the Russian Federation and in the EEA.
For users in Russia: Yandex records, systematizes, accumulates, stores, clarification (updates, changes), extracts Personal information of the citizens of the Russian Federation using databases located on the territory of the Russian Federation.
For users in the EEA, Switzerland or Israel: Russia is a jurisdiction outside the European Economic Area, which has not been recognized by the European Commission as providing an adequate level of personal data protection. Therefore, Yandex has taken appropriate measures to ensure Personal information is handled according to applicable EU data protection rules.
In particular, Yandex relies upon Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission to ensure an adequate level of protection for your Personal information transferred to Russia. A copy of these Standard Contractual Clauses can be obtained upon request.
If you are located in a jurisdiction where transfer of your Personal Information to another jurisdiction requires your consent, then by using the Sites or Services you provide Yandex with your express and unambiguous consent to such transfer, storage, and/or processing of the information in other jurisdictions, including Russia.
Yandex will only keep your Personal information for as long as it is necessary to fulfil the purpose for which it was collected or to comply with legal and regulatory requirements.
Unless otherwise legally required or agreed, the emails and documents, which are stored by you on our systems as part of the Service, will remain stored as long as you have an account with us, but you can delete them at any time.
If you wish to have any Personal information removed from our databases, you can have it removed using interface of the Sites or Services (where applicable). The tool for a data management is available for users authorized with Yandex services accounts in special ‘Data management’ section via Yandex ID profile (
https://passport.yandex.ru/profile
).
10.1
What are your rights
If it is provided by applicable law, you have a right of access to your Personal information as processed by Yandex under this Policy.
If you believe that any information we hold about you is incorrect or incomplete, you can log in to your user account and correct your Personal information yourself.
If it is provided by applicable law, you also have the right to:
learn the information about you that Yandex stores, in particular, via your account on the page
https://yandex.ru/support/id/data.html
, and to download an archive with your Personal information to your device;
request erasure of your Personal information or certain parts of it, as well as withdraw consent to the processing of the Personal information;
request the restriction of the processing of your Personal information;
request a copy of the Standard Contractual Clauses enabling the transfer of your Personal information to Russia, referred to in Section 8 hereof;
object to the processing of your Personal information if it is provided by applicable law.
Yandex will honour any such requests or objections as required under applicable law.
To the extent provided by applicable law, you may be subject to other rights not specifically mentioned herein.
In case where you use the Services, the transfer of Personal Information is carried out with your consent expressing your free will and your interest, (in particular, on the ground of an agreement with you) and it is not an obligation by law.
10.2
How can you exercise your rights
To exercise the above rights, please log in to your user account, which will provide you with the option to do so, or in case of absence of special function in user account interface please contact Yandex (see Section 13 hereof).
If you are not satisfied with how Yandex processes your Personal information, please let us know and we will investigate your concern. If you are not satisfied with Yandex’s response, you have the right to make a complaint to the competent data protection authority.
11.1
What cookies Yandex uses and why
Cookies are small text files accepted and processed by device that you use to access our Sites. They contain information that is collected from your device and sent back to the Sites on each subsequent visit. Their use helps your navigation through the Sites and allows us remember your preferences over time. For more information on cookies, their description, purposes of use and possible options to disable follow our
Cookie Policy
.
The following types of cookies are used on the Sites:
strictly necessary cookies / technical cookies: these cookies are required to run the Sites and provide you with the Services and may, among other, allow Yandex to identify your hardware and software, including your browser type;
statistical / analytic cookies: these cookies enable us to recognise users, count the number of users and collect information such as your actions on the Sites and the Services, including the web pages you visit and the content you retrieve;
performance cookies: these cookies collect information about how users interact with our Sites and Services, enabling us to identify errors and test new functionalities to improve the performance of the Sites and the Services;
functionality cookies: these cookies enable us to provide specific functionalities in order to improve your experience on the Sites, for example by storing your preferences (e.g. language and location);
(third party) tracking / advertising cookies: these cookies collect information about users, sources of traffic, page visits and advertising displayed to you and followed by you. They enable us to display advertising which may be of interest to you based on collected Personal information. These cookies are also used for statistical and research purposes.
11.2
How long are those cookies stored on your device
Yandex only uses the information contained in the cookies for the above purposes, after which the data collected will remain stored on your device for a period that may depend on cookies type, but no longer than necessary to achieve their purpose and will be automatically removed from your system thereafter.
11.3
Who else has access to the information contained in the cookies
Personal information collected through cookies placed on your device may be transmitted to and accessed by Yandex or the third parties referred to in Section 7 hereof. The use of Personal information outside of the Sites for advertising purposes, if any, may be subject to separate policies available on the above third parties’ websites. Yandex or those third parties might also provide you with a possibility to opt out of personalized advertising, which shall be subject to laws and regulations applicable to such products, utilities and offerings. You may also manage the settings of display of the personalized advertising or turn such advertising off through the functionality available at
https://yandex.ru/tune/adv
.
The first time that you access the Sites, your approval for the use of these cookies may be requested. If after you have approved the use of cookies you want to make another choice, you can do this by deleting the cookies stored by your browser (usually via the options in your browser’s Privacy menu – please refer to your browser’s manual or developer’s website). The popup requesting your approval may then show up again and you can make a different choice. If you do not consent to the use of cookies, certain features of the Sites might become unavailable, which may affect your browsing experience. You may also set up your browser preferences to accept or decline by default all cookies or cookies from specific websites, including the Yandex Sites. If you approved the use of cookies on one of the Yandex Sites, we assume that the use of cookies on all Sites was approved by you.
Yandex may also use web beacons (pixel tags) in order to access the cookies previously placed on your computer for the following purposes:
(i) to track your actions on the Sites and when using the Services, by accessing and interacting with the cookies stored on your computer;
(ii) to collect statistical information related to operating the Sites, the Services or products, utilities, advertisements or other Yandex offerings.
This Policy may be subject to amendments. Yandex shall be entitled to make such amendments at its own discretion, including, without limitation, to reflect changes in applicable legislation or amendments to the Sites and/or Services.
Yandex undertakes not to introduce significant changes, imposing additional obligations or reducing your rights under this Policy without proper notice to you. You will be notified about such changes. If applicable, changes will be announced on the Site or Services (e.g. via a pop-up or web banner) prior to such changes taking effect, and you may also be notified via other channels (e.g. by email) if you have provided us with your contact details.
We welcome your questions or suggestions concerning implementation of or amendments to this Policy. To contact us please use this feedback form:
https://yandex.com/support/common/troubleshooting/main.html
.
You can also use this form to exercise your rights or report any inaccuracies in your Personal information or protest its processing.
_____________________________
Previous versions of the document:
https://yandex.com/legal/confidential/22022022
https://yandex.com/legal/confidential/21062021
https://yandex.com/legal/confidential/19102020
https://yandex.com/legal/confidential/15082019
https://yandex.com/legal/confidential/15072019
https://yandex.com/legal/confidential/24052018
https://yandex.com/legal/confidential/11042018
https://yandex.com/legal/confidential/20032018
https://yandex.com/legal/confidential/08122017
https://yandex.com/legal/confidential/18112016
https://yandex.com/legal/confidential/17082016
https://yandex.com/legal/confidential/01032016
https://yandex.com/legal/confidential/30012015
https://yandex.com/legal/confidential/14082013
https://yandex.com/legal/confidential/15112011
https://yandex.com/legal/confidential/31032011
English
Română
Srpski
Español
Tiếng việt
Norsk
English
Français
עברית
Português
Yandex uses cookies
They ensure the smooth operation of all Yandex sites and services. For more information, please read our
Cookie Policy
Allow all
Allow essential cookies
Settings
Cookie settings
Yandex uses technical cookies to ensure the site/app functions properly. However, we would also like to use optional marketing, analytics, and other types of cookies. These cookies help Yandex improve services, your experience, and ad relevancy. For more information about cookies, please read our
Cookie Policy
These cookies are necessary for crucial web browsing functions, such as authorization or navigation. They are essential to the service's functionality, so they are used by default.
These cookies improve the quality of Yandex services. They remember preference settings, anonymously analyze website traffic, and help displaying relevant ads.
These cookies are non-essential. They help to improve the experience of working on Yandex services and websites. They help to restore web page sessions, remember preferred regions, save personal preferences, and more.
Allow selected cookies
Allow essential cookies
Sub-policy 3
https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000GnywAAC:
Skip to content
Meta Platforms, Inc.
Active Participant
Participation
Privacy Policy
Dispute Resolution
Participation
Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Framework:
Active
Original Certification Date:  11/3/2017
Next Certification Due Date: 7/23/2024
Data Collected:   NON-HR
EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Framework:
Active
Original Certification Date:  9/30/2016
Next Certification Due Date: 7/23/2024
Data Collected:   NON-HR
Purpose of Data Collection
Meta Platforms, Inc. (“Meta”) is certified to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (collectively, the "DPF") with the U.S. Department of Commerce. As described in our EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks Disclosure, Meta processes personal information received from the European Economic Area or Switzerland under the DPF in relation to the Certified Data Categories. For further information about Meta's privacy practices, including additional information about what, why, and how Meta processes personal information, please review our EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks Disclosure at the link below.
Privacy Policy
Non-HR Data
Document:
EU-U.S. & Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks Disclosure for Meta Platforms, Inc.
Description:
The EU-U.S. & Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Disclosure describes Meta's participation in the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks and provides the information outlined in the DPF Notice Principle.
Effective Date: 9/7/2023
Verification Method
Self-Assessment
Dispute Resolution
Questions or Complaints?
If you have a question or complaint regarding the covered data, please contact Meta Platforms, Inc. at:
Michel Protti
Chief Privacy Officer, Product
Meta Platforms, Inc.
1601 Willow Rd
Menlo Park, California  94025-1453
dpfinquiry@support.facebook.com
Phone:
(650) 543-4800
Fax:
Privacy Shield organizations must respond within 45 days of receiving a complaint.
If you have not received a timely or satisfactory response from Meta Platforms, Inc. to your question or complaint, please contact the independent recourse mechanism listed below
NON-HR RECOURSE MECHANISM
TRUSTe Dispute Resolution
Appropriate statutory body with jurisdiction to investigate any claims against Meta Platforms, Inc. regarding possible unfair or deceptive practices and violations of laws or regulations covering privacy
Federal Trade Commission
Sub-policy 4
https://www.appsflyer.com/legal/privacy-policy/:
Platform
Measure
Measurement suite
Measure every action on mobile, web and CTV
ROI measurement
Understand your true mobile marketing ROI
Creative Optimization
Unlock creative performance with the power of AI
Analyze
Marketing analytics
Turn insights on campaign performance into action
Incrementality
Prove the real value of your marketing campaigns
Engage
CX & deep linking
Boost revenue with exceptional customer experience
Audience segmentation
Create meaningful conversations with your customers
Protect
Fraud protection
Protect your marketing budget from mobile ad fraud
Collaborate
Privacy Cloud
Collaborate with your partners in a privacy-centric way
AppsFlyer Data Collaboration Platform
First-party data monetization that fuels retail media growth
Partner marketplace
Connect to over 10,000 tech and media partners
Interactive product tours
iOS 14+ solutions
Data feeds & APIs
Solutions
Team
Marketing
Product
Data & Analytics
R&D
Goal
Regain iOS visibility
Kickstart app growth
Scale user acquisition
Increase engagement & LTV
Maximize ROAS
Industry
Gaming
Shopping
Finance
Food & drink
Health & fitness
Travel
Platform
iOS
Android
PC & console
CTV & OTT
Web
Mobile
Web3
Partnerships
Tech and media partners
Agency partners
Partner Program
Interactive product tours
Customer stories
The AppsFlyer difference
Learn
Resources
Stay informed with industry insights, the latest trends, original content, and all things AppsFlyer
Ecosystem
Blog
Reports & guides
Events & webinars
Tools & templates
Industry benchmarks
Videos
Podcasts
Glossary
Metrics comparison
Customers
Customer stories
Product news
Use cases
Help center
Developer Hub
AppsFlyer Learning
Come to MAMA
Company
Who we are
Find out more about our history, our team, what we stand for, and why we do what we do
About us
Newsroom
CEO blog spot
Trust hub
Careers
Social impact
Contact
From our CEO
The future of our ecosystem and web
On privacy and user experience
Aggregated advanced privacy
Pricing
Login
Sign up free
Contact sales
Legal hub
MSA
Site Terms
Website Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
DPA
Opt Out
Processing Customer Data
Supplier Portal
Subprocessors
Modern Slavery Statement
Documentation
MSA
Site Terms
Website Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
DPA
Opt Out
Processing Customer Data
Supplier Portal
Subprocessors
Modern Slavery Statement
Website Privacy Policy
Last updated May 28, 2024
This Privacy Policy applies to: (i) use of the AppsFlyer owned and operated Websites (appsflyer.com, onelink.me and their subdomains); (ii) our marketing activities including, registrations as part of webinars, conference events, emails etc.; and (iii) any other product or activity that links to, or otherwise references, this privacy policy (collectively, the “Marketing Platforms“). We respect your privacy rights and value your trust. This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, receive, use, store, share, transfer, and process your personal information, as well as your rights in determining what we do with the information that we collect or hold about you.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to information collected through use by customers of the AppsFlyer service, which is described under our
Services Privacy Policy
.
Information We Collect
When using or interacting with our Marketing Platforms, we may collect or receive the following types of information (collectively, “Information”).
“Personal Information” such as name, email, contact details or any other personal content that you provide to us whether through a form or field on our website or any other communication (e.g. email, phone, post etc.).
“Technical Information” such as browser type, operating system, device type, IP address and other similar technical information typically received from a browser or device automatically when visiting or interacting with our Marketing Platforms. This may include the referring URL that led you to our website.
“Usage Information” such as the pages you visited on our website, where you clicked, searches performed on our website and other similar information related to how you have used our website. It may also include information related to whether you receive, opened or clicked on any links in an email sent to you.
We understand that certain Technical information or Usage Information may, either alone or when combined with other data, be deemed personal data under various laws and jurisdictions and we are committed to treating such data in compliance with applicable laws.
The Methods We Use to Collect and Receive Information
Depending on the type of Information, we may collect or receive Information in the following ways:
When you voluntarily share Information with us. For example, when you register to one of our events, request that we contact you through our online forms, submit your CV, or when you request to receive certain content that we may make available (e.g. research and white papers).
Through use of cookies and other similar technologies (e.g. HTML5 Local Storage, LSO, web beacons, JavaScript, etc.). These technologies help us to analyze how our Marketing Platforms are used and to tailor content that is relevant to you. It also helps us to deliver more relevant advertisements to you on our own or third party sites. For more information on such technologies, including how to manage your cookie preferences please see our
Cookie Policy
.
Information obtained from third party sources. This includes Information received through the various business support tools and services that we use (e.g. marketing platforms, analytics services etc.) and public sources such as social media sites. We may combine the Information received through these sources with other Information we have in order to ensure our records are up to date and so that we are able to provide you with relevant content.
You have choices in how we collect and use Information. See the “
Your Choices
” section below for more information.
The Purposes
We use Information for the following purposes:
To process your inquiries and to respond to your requests. For example, when you contact us to learn more about our products or services or when you request to receive certain materials from us (e.g. white papers, research papers, product and services information). Additionally, if you submit your CV to us, we use it to evaluate your candidacy (including by assessing your qualifications and skills).
To send you information related to our services and products that we believe may interest you, such as newsletters or product and service updates. Such communications will be sent to you when you have chosen to receive such communication or when we have a legitimate interest to market our products and services. In any event, you will always be able to opt-out of receiving such communications. Opting out may be done either directly in the communication received or through the ways described in the instructions in the “
Your Choices
” section below.
To understand how you have used our Marketing Platforms and to customize them in accordance with your interests and past actions and choices. We do this based on our legitimate interest to operate our Marketing Platforms, diagnose any problems with the Marketing Platforms and to improve the Marketing Platforms and your experience when navigating through them.
In our legitimate interest to prevent fraud or harm to us or to any third party, and ensure the security of our network and services.
Where it is necessary for AppsFlyer to comply with its legal obligations and to exercise and enforce its legal rights.
We may use certain third-party marketing and advertising networks to help us market our products on our own website and on third party websites (e.g. remarketing ads across the Internet by Google).
Who We Share Information With
In order to conduct our business and operate our Marketing Platforms, we may share Information with various third parties, such as:
Our subsidiary companies and global branches.
Third parties that help us operate our Marketing Platforms (e.g. hosting company, recruitment platforms and agencies, payment processors, business management and email distribution service providers and other similar service providers). These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us.
When required by law, such as to comply with court orders, search warrants, regulatory orders, subpoenas, and other lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements;
Legal authorities, consultants, advisors or service providers when required to investigate, respond to, or prevent, fraud; or when required to ensure the security of our network and services and protect the safety of AppsFlyer or the public.
As part of any merger or acquisition of AppsFlyer, Information may be transferred to the merging or acquiring company, as well as to any advisors representing a party during discussions of such merger or acquisition.
AppsFlyer resellers, agents, partners or service providers acting on our behalf in connection with the offering of AppsFlyer’s products or services.
Third-party marketing and advertising networks to help us market our products on our own website and on third party websites (e.g. remarketing ads across the Internet by Google).
Without derogating from the foregoing, AppsFlyer may publish general aggregate and unidentifiable information (e.g. statistical information) relating to use of its Marketing Platforms.
Cross Border Data Transfers and Mechanisms
We may need to transfer Information to countries where we and/or our service providers operate. Such countries may be different from the country in which the data originated and where data protection laws may not be equivalent to, or offer the same protection as, those in your country. By using our Marketing Platforms, you agree to any such transfers. In any event, where appropriate given the nature of services, we will put in place agreements with our service providers to ensure a level of privacy consistent with the terms of this policy.
With regards to the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Economic Area to the United States, please be assured that AppsFlyer continues to comply with all applicable laws in respect of such transfers and any data transfers to the United States will be governed by the Standard Contractual Clauses as set forth in our DPA with the relevant service provider.
AppsFlyer Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. AppsFlyer Inc. has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, as well as to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the DPF Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view AppsFlyer’s certification, please visit
Data Privacy Framework website
.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over AppsFlyer Inc.’s compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, and in case of onward transfer of data to third parties, AppsFlyer maintains liability.
In compliance with the DPF Principles, AppsFlyer is committed to resolving any complaints arising regarding our processing of your personal data. You may direct your queries to privacy@appsflyer.com and, in compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, we are committed to referring unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the DPF to Truste, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://trustarc.com/dispute-resolution/
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of Truste are provided at no cost to you and allow for binding arbitration.
Protecting Your Information
We strive to meet the highest standards of security measures across our business units. We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational measures based on industry-leading standards. Such measures are designed to protect against unauthorized access or unlawful processing of Personal Information and against accidental loss, destruction or damage of Personal Information. As part of such measures, we have established various policies and procedures that guide us, including in respect of asset management, access management, physical security, people security, product security, cloud and network infrastructure security, third-party security, vulnerability management, security monitoring, and incident response.
Information Storage and Retention
We may store Information on our own servers as well as those operated by third party data hosting providers. As specified in Section 5 above (Cross Border Transfers), such servers may be located worldwide. We will only retain your Personal Information for as long as necessary to pursue the purpose of the collection. We may also retain your Personal Information for such time needed to pursue our legitimate business interests, in connection with any legal claims and compliance with legal obligations. When we use your information for direct marketing purposes, we will retain your data until you opt-out from receiving the marketing materials; provided that we will need to retain certain information to maintain a record of your request.
Modifications to This Policy
AppsFlyer may amend this Privacy Policy at any time, provided that in the event of a material change we shall provide notice on this page and/or a note near the link to this page. The updates shall apply immediately for new Information collected or provided as of the day of the update and following thirty (30) days for any Information collected or provided to AppsFlyer prior to the update date. If you do not agree to the terms of the new policy you are requested to contact the Legal Department using the contact details listed in Section 11 below. We encourage you to periodically review this page for any updates.
Your Choices
We provide you with various choices on how we may use Information in connection with: (i) our marketing activities; and (ii) our use of cookies and similar technologies to serve your interest-based advertisements and to analyze usage of our Marketing Platforms.
You may choose to stop receiving our newsletter or marketing emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in these emails, accessing the email preferences in your account settings page, or you can contact us at
https://www.appsflyer.com/company/contact/
. You can manage your preferences related to our use of cookies and similar technologies that we use, among other things, to provide you with targeted interest-based advertisements and to analyze your use of our Marketing Platforms – please see our
Cookie Policy
for instructions. Additionally, certain advertisers (including Google) we work with may be members of NAI and/or the Digital Advertising Alliance. You may opt-out from such advertisers’ services here or at the following link:
https://youradchoices.com/
In addition, the laws of some jurisdictions may provide you with various rights in connection with our processing of certain Information. Such rights may include:
The right to withdraw any previously provided consent;
The right to access certain information about you that we process;
The right to have us correct or update any Personal Information;
The right to have certain Information erased;
The right to have us temporarily block our processing of certain Information;
The right to have Information exported into common machine-readable format;
The right to object to our processing of Information in cases of direct marketing, or when we rely on legitimate interests as our lawful basis to process your information; and
The right to lodge a complaint with the appropriate data protection authority.
We will respond to your requests within a reasonable timeframe. Please note these rights may be limited in certain circumstances as provided by applicable law. For any additional information regarding such rights or to exercise any such rights please contact AppsFlyer at: privacy@appsflyer.com
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
.
Social Media and Third Party Services
Our website may offer a blog with ‘comments’ section and various social media features, such as a ‘share’ button or links to third party websites and services, including Twitter, LinkedIn, Google+ and Facebook. When using any such features, certain information may be collected by such third parties, including your IP address or which page you are visiting on our website, and such third parties may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Any data collected by such third parties is governed by such third party’s privacy policy. You are encouraged to carefully review such third party privacy policies.
Children’s Privacy
AppsFlyer does not knowingly collect or process personal data from or with respect to children under the age of 16, and you must be 16 years of age or older in order to establish an account for AppsFlyer’s Services. If you are a parent or legal guardian and believe that your child under the age of 16 has submitted his or her personal data or other data without your consent, permission, or authorization – please let us know immediately, and we will promptly act to remove your child’s data from our database, cease the use of such data and inform any other party we suspect to have access to such data to do the same.
California Privacy Rights
We may collect personal information about California residents who are afforded additional rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act, Cal. Civ. Code §§ 1798.100 et seq. (the “CCPA“). If you are a California resident, you can see more details about the types of personal information we have collected from you in the past 12 months and may collect from you in Section 1 above (
Information We Collect
) and how we collect such personal information in Section 2 above (
The Methods We Use to Collect and Receive Information
). The purposes for which we collect your personal information are further described in Section 3 above (
The Purpose
). We do not share your personal information with any third party except as further described in Section 4 above (
Who We Share Information With
). Please refer to the other terms of this Privacy Policy to see further rights afforded to you and how we use your personal information.
We do not “Sell” (as defined in the CCPA) your personal information which we have collected or may collect and in the event we will Sell your personal information, we will notify you by updating this Privacy Policy in accordance with Section 8 above (
Modifications to this Policy
) and we will provide you with the option of opting out of such “sale”.
You, as a California resident, have certain rights regarding your personal information pursuant to the CCPA, subject to certain restrictions under applicable laws, including the rights to access your personal information, to delete your personal information, and to opt out of the “sale” of your personal data. You may request any of these by contacting us via email at
privacy@appsflyer.com
or by physical mail to: AppsFlyer Ltd. (Attn: Legal Dept.) 14 Maskit St., Herzliya, Israel. Upon your request, we will verify that you are the person making this request and in order to do so, we may request identification documents from you.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions or concerns about this Website Privacy Policy, the information we collect, the practices of AppsFlyer, or your dealings with the Marketing Platforms, please contact us or our Data Protection Officer by sending an email to:
privacy@appsflyer.com
or by physical mail to: AppsFlyer Ltd. (Attn: Legal Dept.) 14 Maskit St., Herzliya, Israel. For the purposes of Article 27 of the General Data Protection Regulation, the representative within the EU of AppsFlyer is AppsFlyer Germany Schönhauser Allee 180, 10119 Berlin, Germany (contact
privacy@appsflyer.com
; +49 30 166373500).
Sub-policy 5
https://www.deepwall.com/privacy-policy:
We use legitimate cookies to improve your experience.
Cookie Policy
Cookies we use and our
Policy
X
PRIVACY POLICY AND PERSONAL DATA PROTECTION CLARIFICATION TEXT
SUMMARY
Below is a summary of some key terms of this Privacy Policy and Personal Data Protection Clarification Text. This summary is for your reference only and does not form part of the Privacy Policy and Personal Data Protection Clarification Text.
This Privacy Policy and Personal Data Protection Clarification Text  explains the following:
how we collect your personal data;
what personal data we collect;
how we use your personal data;
who we share your personal data with; and
the rights and choices you have when it comes to your personal data.
In the light of the below, as Deepwall, we would like to inform you that; the personal data, of relevant persons whose data was provided by you as our partner and/or of our users, has been processed in accordance with the legislation applicable to such data, especially with the Personal Data Protection Law numbered 6698 (“PDPL”) applicable in Republic of Turkey and General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) applicable in European Union and European Economic Area.
Privacy Policy and Personal Data Protection Clarification Text
Last modified: 03 March 2022
1. Who are we?
When we say “DeepWall” “our,” “we,” or “us,” we’re talking about Teknasyon Yazılım Sanayi ve Ticaret Anonim Şirketi. This Privacy Policy and Personal Data Protection Clarification Text (“Privacy and PDP Text”)  applies to all of our apps, services, software and website (together, “Services”) unless specified otherwise.
This Privacy and PDP Text  explains how we, as Deepwall, will use personal data about you and the steps we take to ensure your personal data is kept secure and confidential. It should be read together with our Terms of Service.
The entitiy which processes your personal data, that you have provided through Deepwall product, in accordance with the legislation, is Teknasyon Yazılım Sanayi ve Ticaret Anonim Şirketi registered before İstanbul Trade Registry with registry number of 943554 and, MERSİS number of 0836068918300001, whose headquarters are located in Maslak Mah. Büyükdere Cad. USO Center NTV Apt. No:245/27 Sarıyer, İstanbul.
2. How do we collect your personal data?
We may obtain personal data from you through the mobile applications, website or other similar devices, channels or applications operated by or on behalf of Deepwall.
3. Which personal data do we collect?
We collect personal data about you when you give this to us in the course of registering for and/or using our Services for example we may collect your name, address, e-mail address or telephone number.
Note that it is your responsibility to check and ensure that all data, content, material or data you provide us is correct, complete, accurate and not misleading.
Data that you may provide voluntarily
Certain parts of our Services may require you to provide personal data voluntarily. For example, we may request certain data permissions in order for you to register an account with us, subscribe or opt out of marketing communications fand/or to submit adminstratice or technical enquiries to us on our Contact Us and Demo Request pages, such as:
Contact and correspondence data (such as full name, mobile phone number and email address);
Company name;
User name and password;
User transaction records;
Information on payments and payment methods, inoice information,
Mobile application name, bundle ID, mobile application ID;
User experience information
In order for us to carry out a purchase activity on behalf of you you need to provide us one of these accoring to the platform: Shared Secret, Services JSON, App Secret; Details of products which are exposed for sale;
Details of products which are exposed for sale;
Profile data (such as profile photo and biography);
Other data you choose to give us (such as data to identify a lost account).
When you use our Services, we may also ask you to share with us specific client data which we may use to deliver and/or optimise our Services, including the following;
IDFA, GAID or OAID: Advertising identity for Apple, Google or Huawei;
IP Address and mobile device identifiers such as device ID;
Geographic location and language preferences.
The personal data that you are asked to provide and the reasons why you are asked to provide it, shall be disclosed to you at the point of any data or permission request.
Data that may be collected automatically
When you use our Services, we may also collect data automatically from you and/or your device which may be considered personal data under applicable data protection laws, such as:
Data and analytics about your use of our Services;
Your IP address and mobile device identifiers (such as your device ID, advertising ID, MAC address, IMEI);
Data about your device, such as device name and operating system, browser type and language;
Data we collect with cookies and similar technologies;
Broad geographic location based on your IP address;
Precise geo-location data (GPS, with your consent); and
Data about your use of our Services, such as in application interaction and usage metrics.
On Apple you can opt-out this by choosing “limit ad tracking” option from privacy settings. On Google Android you can opt-out by choosing “Opt-out of interest based ads” option from privacy settings. On Huawei, you can opt-out by choosing “disable personalized ads” option from privacy settings.
Advertising IDs are non-permanent, non-personal identifiers, which are uniquely associated with your device. Similar technologies include tracking pixels within ads. These technologies allow companies (including marketers and advertisers) to recognise your device when you use websites and applications.
Data about your device refers to data about your device type, device model, device maker, device operating system and its language or other technical data like screen size or processor, or combination of this data available from a device for a developer for checking the device compatibility with a particular application.
Some of this data may be collected using cookies and/or similar technologies (such as 'SDKs' or software development kits), as explained further below.
Data that we may obtain from third party sources
We may receive personal data about you from third party sources. For example, if you clicked on an advertisement to direct you to one of our Services we may be provided with data from which ad-network and advertising campaign the install originated from
You may choose to connect to our Services via your Google account. Exactly what data we receive from your social media will depend on your social media privacy settings, but it would typically include your basic public profile data such as:
your username;
profile picture;
age range; and
gender
The data that we may collect from our partners could include;
Data we receive if you link a third-party tool with our Services (such as Facebook, Apple or Google);
Demographic data (such as to determine the location of your IP address);
Data to fight fraud (such as click fraud in advertising);
Data from platforms that our Services run on (such as to verify payment); and
Data for advertising and analytics purposes, so we can optimise the Services we deliver to you.
We do not request or intend to collect any special or sensitive categories of data such as any data on health, race, religion, political opinions, sexual preferences or orientation.
4. How do we use your personal data and process those for which reasons?
We may process and use your personal data:
1.
to
enable you to access and use
the Services. For example;
To perform signing-up process to DeepWall
To create and manage user accounts and profiles;
To verify your identification or device;
To provide you with the correct versions of our applications; and
To send you service related communications including confirmations, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support or administrative messages.
To verify invoice of purchase on your behalf through App Store, Google play and Hawei App Gallery
More specifically, we may use your personal data  to enable our verification function that allows for the verification of a specific access request or ID authentication.
2.
to
personalise and improve
aspects of our Services. For example;
To respond to your customer support requests;
To receive error messages about any issues you / your device encounters with our Services to enable us to fix bugs and interoperability issues;
To detecting and preventing illegal activities;
To conduct optional user feedback surveys, to receive and evaluate feedbacks for development of our services;
To communicate with our users and manage user relationship;
To remember you next time you visit one of our Services; and
Communicate with you about promotions, rewards, upcoming events, and other news about products and services offered by us.
3.
to
communicate
with you, including some or all of the following:
To provide you with promotional offers and rewards based on your interaction with our Services;
To serve you with relevant targeted advertisements;
To send you marketing communications and/or newsletters if you have subscribed for them about rewards and promotions.
4.
for
research,
such as analysing market trends and customer demographics;
5.
To
comply
with legal obligations, including to prevent and/or detect fraud or provide disclosure to the authorities when required by applicable law.
6.
To carry out our activities in accordance with legislation, to eveluate and inspect our business activities, to carry out financial and accounting activities, to accrue invoice, to ensure the security of your transaction/,
7.
To optimize the use for application users, analyzes to develop well, uses for customer-oriented use, to promote DeepWall; about marketing,
8.
Contacting you with commercial electronic messages
5. Legal reasons and collection method of your personal data
We collect your personal data by automatic and non-automatic methods through the DeepWall panel (API) and website.
We will only collect and use your personal data (as described in section 4) in accordance with relevant data protection laws.  Our legal grounds for processing your personal data are as follows:
1. Consent
- Where necessary we will only collect and process your personal data if you have given your clear and affirmative consent for us to do so. In order to promote DeepWall and carry out marketing activities, your contact information is processed in order to contact you via e-mail if we have your express consent. You may withdraw your consent anytime without any reason by sending an e-mail to info@deepwall.com .
2. Legitimate Interests
- We may use and process some of your personal data where we have sensible and legitimate business grounds for doing so. Under PDPL and European privacy laws there is a concept of “legitimate interests” as a legal justification for processing your personal data.  Our legitimate interests for processing your personal data are for us to enable you access and use of our Services, to communicate with you about our Services and to improve our Services. In order to provide you with a better service, your User Transaction, Location, Transaction Security, advertising ID information is processed.
3. It is necessary to process the personal data of the parties to the contract, provided that it is directly related to the Establishment or Performance of the Contract.
- We may need to collect and use your personal information, as applicable, to establish agreement and perform our contractual obligations to you. DeepWall is a membership-based platform. During the completion of your membership, your Identity & Contact information, Transaction Security information and Location & Language information are processed. Your financial information is processed when payment is required on your behalf.
4.
Processing of personal data in order to fulfill our legal obligations: Your name-surname and related billing information are processed during invoice creation.
6. Who do we share your personal data with?
When you use any of our Services, we may disclose your personal data to the following parties:
Entity/ People Groups to Which We May Transfer Data
Explanation of Entitiy/People Groups
Purpose of the Data Transfer
Partner, Group Companies
The parties that DeepWall conducts commercial activities under any name.
Data transfer will be provided in order to establish a business partnership and to carry out commercial activities subject to this business partnership, but only limited with the relevant purpose. E.g; verification of your phone number, execution of customer service, completion of payment.
Third Party Sevrice Providers That Provides Data Proccessing Services
Parties that provide services to DeepWall in any way based on the service agreement between them within the scope of DeepWall's commercial activities.
- Data transfer will be provided in order to receive the necessary services to carry out commercial activities and to perform these services and only for this purpose.
- Use of the “contact us” section within the panel to provide immediate assistance.
- Displaying content suitable for your interests, by the buttons and monitoring of the content you have viewed on the panel.
- Cloud computing systems that we provide services to keep your data safe.
Other persons to whom you permit to make explanation
Parties submitted for your approval by informing whom your personal data will be disclosed to within the scope of DeepWall's products/services.
To third parties who provide our payment infrastructure to complete payment transactions for our services,
-Completing the account creation process in order to use the services offered.
<br>- Cloud computing systems originating from abroad that we provide services in order to keep your data safe
Legally Authorized  Public Authorities&Establishments and Legally Authorized Private Legal Entities
In accordance with the provisions of the relevant legislation, authorized law enforcement, regulatory, executive institutions, courts or other third parties that we deem necessary to make a statement to them.
Data will be transferred to the relevant public institutions and organizations and private organizations within the framework of the legal authority granted under the relevant legislation and only for the purpose they request.
7. Which cookies do we use?
A cookie is a very small text file placed on your computer or device. We and our partners use cookies and similar technologies to provide and personalize our Services, analyze their use, target ads and prevent fraud. You can disable cookies in your browser settings, but in this case some parts of our Services may not work properly.
8. What ads do we show on our Services?
The advertisements you see displayed on our Services are provided on behalf of certain third-party advertising companies. No information that identifies you, such as your name, address, e-mail address or telephone number, is used to provide these advertisements. In order to display the advertisements that are most relevant to you, these third-party advertisers may place a cookie on your browser or use a cookie placed in this way. This cookie does not collect personal information about you or is not linked to personally identifiable information about you. By using our services, you consent to the use of such third-party cookies for these purposes.
9. What measures do we take to keep your personal data safe?
The security of your personal information is very important to us. That's why we use HTTPS where appropriate to help keep information about you secure. However, it cannot be guaranteed that information transmitted over the Internet is completely secure.
We do our best to keep the information you disclose to us secure. However, we cannot guarantee the security of the information you submit to us, and you do so at your own risk. By using our services, you accept the risks associated with providing information over the internet and you will not hold us responsible for any breach of security.
10. How long do we keep your personal information?
Unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law, your personal information will only be provided for as long as it is reasonably necessary to fulfill the purposes set forth in this Privacy and PDP Text and for our legitimate interests such as complying with legal obligations, resolving disputes, and fulfilling our contracts. we will hold. For example, we will periodically disable credentials of unused accounts and review our datasets on a regular basis.
11. Do we transfer your personal information outside of your country of residence?
Our services are global in nature and your personal information may be transferred and processed in countries other than your country of residence in accordance with your express consent. These countries may have data protection laws that differ from the laws of your own country. We take all measures to provide adequate and appropriate measures to protect your data as described in the Privacy and PDP Text. Appropriate safeguards available to our business partners include standard contractual clauses approved by the EU Commission and Privacy Protection certification if transferred to the USA.
12. Your personal data rights and ways to contact us
You have certain rights under current data protection legislation, including the right to request a copy of the personal information we hold about you, if you request it from us in writing.
Right of access: your right to request copies of your personal information from us;
Right to rectification: your right to request that we correct your personal information if it is inaccurate or incomplete;
Right to delete: your right to request the deletion and removal of your personal information from our systems;
The right to restrict the use of your information: your right to request that we “block” our use of your personal information or limit the ways we use it;
Right to data portability: your right to request that we move, copy or transfer your personal information;
Right to object: your right to object to our use of your personal information, including where we use it for our legitimate interests.
Your Rights as a Relevant Person Pursuant to Article 11 of KVKK
Your requests, questions and complaints regarding your aforementioned rights, as personal data owners, in written form and with the documents identifying your identity, together with your written petition containing your explanations about the right you want to exercise, to our Company's Maslak Mah. Buyukdere Cad. Uso Center NTV Apt. No:245 Kat:7 Sarıyer/ İSTANBUL in person, via a notary public or by registered letter with return receipt or by sending an e-mail to info@deepwall.com or support@deepwall.com, your request will be evaluated by our Company and will be sent to the fastest way possible as stipulated within the scope of PDPL. will be finalized within 30 (thirty) days. Although it is essential not to charge any fee for the requests, our Company reserves the right to charge a fee based on the fee schedule determined by the Personal Data Protection Board.
Without prejudice to the cases stipulated in Article 28 of the PDPL titled 'Exceptions', by applying to our Company; learning whether it has been processed; request information about it if it has been processed; learning the purpose of processing and whether it is used in accordance with its purpose; knowing the third parties to whom it has been transferred in the country or abroad; requesting notification of transactions made by third parties to which it has been transferred; requesting their correction if they are incomplete or incorrectly processed; requesting its deletion or destruction in the event that the reasons requiring its processing disappear; requesting the notification of the transactions made to the third parties to whom your personal data has been transferred; Within the scope of PDPL, we inform you that you have the right to object to the emergence of a result against you by analyzing it exclusively through automatic systems and to demand the compensation of the damage in case you suffer damage due to the processing in violation of the PDPL, as a 'Data Controller'.
Changes to this Privacy and PDP Text
We reserve the right to amend or modify this Privacy and PDP Text at any time and any changes will be published on our Services.  The date of the most recent revision will appear on this page.  If we make significant changes to this policy, we may also notify you by other means such as sending an email.  Where required by law we will obtain your consent to make these changes.  If you do not agree with any changes, please do not continue to use our Services.
Exclusive rights to EEA and UK users
Individuals subject to European data protection laws may have data subject rights in relation to the personal data we hold on them. This in itself may be subject to limitations and/or restrictions. If you are in the EEA (European Economic Area), please contact us to exercise your rights.
Access to Data
If requested, we will confirm whether we are processing your personal data and, if so, we will provide you with a copy of this personal data along with other relevant information.
Restricting the processing of personal data
You can ask us to restrict or 'block' the processing of personal information in certain of your data, for example you may object to the accuracy or processing of the data. We will notify you before removing any restrictions on processing. If we share your personal data with others, we will notify them of the restriction where possible. If requested and if this is possible and legal, we will let you know with whom we share it or share your personal data so you can contact us directly if necessary.
Objections
Your rights:
You can ask us to stop processing your personal data at any time. If we rely on a legitimate interest to process your personal data, there should be no problem as long as we demonstrate essential legitimate grounds for processing;
You can object to the processing of your data for marketing purposes at any time. This can be done via 'unsubscribe' in our marketing emails; and
refuse to receive service notifications via e-mail.
You can opt out of giving us further access to your location data at any time by emailing info@deepwall.com or support@deepwall.com.
Withdrawal of approval
Although we rely on your consent to process your personal data, you have the right to withdraw this consent at any time. Please be aware that this does not change the way we process your data before we receive notification of your request to withdraw your consent.
Appearance and correction of data
You have the right to have incomplete or inaccurate personal data rectified or completed. If your personal data is shared with others, we will also notify them of the correction.
Deletion of data
You have the right to refuse to use our Website / product and in certain circumstances you may request that we delete or remove your personal data. If we share your data with others, we will again notify them of changes where possible. If requested, and wherever possible and legal, we will also inform you with whom we share your personal data so that you can contact them directly if necessary.
Data retention
We will retain your personal data until you decide to delete your account (on request) or as required by law or for legitimate business purposes (tax, legal, accounting, fraud or abuse prevention and/or other purposes). This data can be retained even after an account is deleted.
Upon expiration of the applicable retention period, we will securely destroy your personal data in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. In some cases, we may anonymize your personal data so that it can no longer be associated with you. In this case, such data is no longer considered personal.
If you agree to receive marketing communications, we will retain your data until you unsubscribe; this is possible with the 'unsubscribe' button at the end of our marketing emails. Additional methods for unsubscribing may be added in the future.
Data portability
You have the right to receive from us your personal data that you have agreed to provide to us or that are necessary to us in connection with our contract with you. We will provide your personal data in a structured, commonly used and computer-readable format.
Making a complaint to the data protection authority
Please contact us if you have questions about our privacy practices, including our personal data processing practice or our privacy practices. Note that we may need to ask you for more information to verify your identity before responding to any request.
Exclusive rights of users resident in California
If you are a valid California resident, the California Consumer Privacy Act ('CCPA') gives you specific rights regarding our collection and use of your personal information. You have the following rights under the CCPA:
The right to request clarification regarding certain information about our collection and use of your personal information in the last 12 months.
List of categories of personal information collected and disclosed about consumers “What personal information do we collect?” In the section 'Who do we share your personal information with?'
Please contact us to request data portability.
You have the right to request the deletion of the personal information we collect from you.
In addition, at any time you wish your rights listed above; As personal data owners, with your written petition containing your explanations about the right you want to use, together with the documents identifying your identity, to our Company's Maslak Mah. Buyukdere Cad. Uso Center NTV Apt. No:245 Kat:7 Sarıyer/ İSTANBUL in person, via a notary public or by registered letter with return receipt or by sending an e-mail to info@deepwall.com or support@deepwall.com.
Please note that these rights may be limited in certain circumstances provided by applicable law.
Please note that these rights may be limited in certain circumstances provided by applicable law.