Effective date: March 20, 2020
Rabbit Mountain Entertainment Ltd ("us", "we", or "our") operates the  website and mobile applications/games (the "Service").
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.
Definitions
Personal Data
Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).
Usage Data
Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
Cookies
Cookies are small pieces of data stored on a User’s device.
Data Controller
Data Controller means a person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal data are, or are to be, processed.
For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your data.
Data Processor (or Service Providers)
Data Processor (or Service Provider) means any person (other than an employee of the Data Controller) who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller.
We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively.
Data Subject
Data Subject is any living individual who is the subject of Personal Data.
User
The User is the individual using our Service. The User corresponds to the Data Subject, who is the subject of Personal Data.
Information Collection And Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email address
First name and last name
Cookies and Usage Data
Usage Data
We may also collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service or when you access the Service by or through a mobile device ("Usage Data").
This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
When you access the Service by or through a mobile device, this Usage Data may include information such as the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
We collect the following categories of your personal information and may sell it to third parties: identifiers, commercial information, internet or other electronic network activity information, geolocation data, and inferences drawn from these categories.
Tracking & Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information.
Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies.
We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
Preference Cookies.
We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
Security Cookies.
We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
Advertising Cookies.
Advertising Cookies are used to serve you with advertisements that may be relevant to you and your interests.
Use of Data
Rabbit Mountain Entertainment Ltd uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain our Service
To notify you about changes to our Service
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
To provide customer support
To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service
To monitor the usage of our Service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
Retention of Data
Rabbit Mountain Entertainment Ltd will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
Rabbit Mountain Entertainment Ltd will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
Transfer Of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Rabbit Mountain Entertainment Ltd will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Disclosure Of Data
Business Transaction
If Rabbit Mountain Entertainment Ltd is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, your Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.
Disclosure for Law Enforcement
Under certain circumstances, Rabbit Mountain Entertainment Ltd may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
Legal Requirements
Rabbit Mountain Entertainment Ltd may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of Rabbit Mountain Entertainment Ltd
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
To protect against legal liability
Security Of Data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
"Do Not Track" Signals
We do not support Do Not Track ("DNT"). Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked.
You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser.
Your Rights
Rabbit Mountain Entertainment Ltd aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data.
Whenever made possible, you can update your Personal Data directly within your account settings section. If you are unable to change your Personal Data, please contact us to make the required changes.
If you wish to be informed what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us.
In certain circumstances, you have the right:
To access and receive a copy of the Personal Data we hold about you
To rectify any Personal Data held about you that is inaccurate
To request the deletion of Personal Data held about you
You have the right to data portability for the information you provide to Rabbit Mountain Entertainment Ltd. You can request to obtain a copy of your Personal Data in a commonly used electronic format so that you can manage and move it.
Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.
Unity Services
Unity Services and Unity Analytics are provided by Unity Technologies
The services are essential to operating our games as they are a common part of the development tools used to make the games.
We also encourage you to review the Unity's privacy policy:
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
.
Kochava
Kochava is used to track user behaviour with the purpose of improving the app.
You can learn more about Kochava's privacy policy here:
https://www.kochava.com/support-privacy/
.
Advertising
We may use third-party Service Providers to show advertisements to you to help support and maintain our Service.
AdMob by Google
AdMob by Google is provided by Google Inc.
You can opt-out from AdMob by Google service by following the instructions described by Google:
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en
For more information on how Google uses the collected information, please visit the "How Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or app" page:
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
or visit the Privacy Policy of Google:
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
Unity Ads
Unity Ads are provided by Unity Technologies
We also encourage you to review the Unity's policy policy:
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
.
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 ("Children").
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us: support@rabbitmountain.com
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy:
Legal Information
Privacy Policy Hub
Privacy Policy Hub
Developer Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs our information practices for our Developer Services, which includes any websites, where a link to this Policy is provided. Developer Services means products and services intended for a party that develops and/or distributes a game or other app made with and/or using Unity Services.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Developer Privacy Policy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Developer Privacy Policy
. They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Customers should understand that Unity does not provide legal advice, therefore the information on this page is not a substitute for seeking your own legal counsel to determine the legal requirements of your business and processes, and how to address them.
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy will provide you with information on how Unity Technologies will collect, use, store, share or otherwise handle your Personal Information that we are responsible for and collect or receive through your use of applications which are owned by third parties but utilize Unity’s technology.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Game Player and App User Privacy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
.They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Unity Educational Products for Schools Privacy Notice
This sets forth Unity’s policies and procedures regarding the Unity software products in schools.
Privacy Supplement Statement for Unity MARS Companion App
This sets forth special privacy terms regarding use of the Unity MARS Companion App.
Unity Data Processing Addendum (“DPA”)
This Data Processing Addendum (this “DPA”) is incorporated into and forms an integral part of the Unity Terms of Service. This agreement determines the rights and obligations of each party when processing personal information.
DPA Amendment for EU, UK, and Swiss SCCs
In 2021, the European Commission and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commission issued new Standard Contractual Clauses ("2021 SCCs"). Additionally, in 2022, the UK Parliament approved the UK International Data Transfer Addendum to the EU SCCs (“UK Addendum”). The 2021 SCCs and UK Addendum replace the Standard Contractual Clauses enacted in 2010 (“2010 SCCs”). This is a pre-signed copy of this document which you may download, execute on your side, and return to DPA@unity3d.com.
Technical and Organisational Measures including Technical and Organisational Measure to ensure the Security of the Data
Technical and Organisational Measures (TOMs) are strategic safeguards designed to protect data security and ensure adherence to data protection regulations. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum.
Sub-Processors
Sub-processors are third-party companies that assist Unity by handling personal data on Unity's behalf. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum
.
GENERATIVE AI SUPPLEMENTAL PRIVACY NOTICE
This notice explains Unity's processing activities with respect to Personal Information collected through users of Generative AI Tools
Sub-policy 1
https://www.kochava.com/support-privacy/:
We value your privacy
We and our
partners
store and/or access information on a device, such as cookies and process personal data, such as unique identifiers and standard information sent by a device for personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.  With your permission we and our partners may use precise geolocation data and identification through device scanning. You may click to consent to our and our 239 partners’ processing as described above. Alternatively you may access more detailed information and change your preferences before consenting or to refuse consenting.  Please note that some processing of your personal data may not require your consent, but you have a right to object to such processing. Your preferences will apply to this website only. You can change your preferences or withdraw your consent at any time by returning to this site and clicking the "Privacy" button at the bottom of the webpage.
Skip to main content
Press enter to begin your search
Kochava Data Security & Privacy
Your trust and the safety of your data are critical foundations of Kochava’s privacy-first data solutions.
Menu
CCPA
GDPR
Certifications
Service Level Standards
As an industry-leading technology provider, we help enable compliance and ensure the security of your data and that of your customers. In today’s privacy-centric data economy, brands can form closer connections with consumers than ever before by building trusted relationships. Therefore, it is vital to protect information being shared across platforms and connected devices while also empowering consumers with choice.
CCPA
The
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)
represents a significant shift in state-side consumer data privacy legislation, with implications for brands serving and targeting consumers in the state of California.
For answers to important questions about your business, Kochava, and the CCPA, visit our
CCPA FAQ
.
CCPA requires brands to provide consumers with a comprehensive description of their online and offline practices regarding the collection, use, disclosure, and sale of personal information and of the rights of consumers regarding their personal information. Privacy policies must be designed and presented in a way that is easy to read and understandable to an average consumer. Unlike Europe’s General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR), which required app developers to “ask consumers for consent,” the CCPA requires developers to provide consumers a mechanism to “opt-out” from having their personal data sold, with stricter “opt-in” mechanisms for minors. Full legislation
here
.
The CCPA took effect on January 1st, 2020, with enforcement commencing no later than July 1st, 2020.
Kochava complies with the CCPA in its capacity as a “service provider” in providing Kochava Measurement services.
As an acting member of the Interactive Advertising Bureau (IAB), Kochava is enacting the IAB’s
CCPA Compliance Framework
within our native measurement SDKs.
GDPR
The General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) creates consistent data protection rules across Europe. It applies to companies that are based in the EU and global companies like Kochava that process personal data about individuals in the EU. Kochava is, and will continue to be, compliant with all data privacy laws across the globe. We are committed to complying with GDPR legislation and collaborating with partners to facilitate compliance.
We thought it would be helpful to provide the context upon which Kochava delivers its services to clients in order for you to better understand how Kochava complies with GDPR and treats client data.
The characteristic Kochava Measurement client is a company that has created an app and wants to measure every aspect of an advertising campaign promoting it. The Kochava Measurement client enters into a contractual relationship with Kochava, which allows the client to embed Kochava software (an “SDK”) into its app. The client customizes the SDK to collect certain data derived from the app. Kochava processes this data on behalf of the client and visualizes it on a private dashboard for the client’s analysis. The client pays Kochava a fee for providing this service. The data remains the exclusive property of the client at all times.
In providing measurement services to its clients, Kochava acts as a Data Processor for purposes of GDPR; Kochava’s legal basis for processing the data is that Kochava strictly processes the data on behalf of Kochava’s clients.
In its capacity as a Data Processor, Kochava adheres to the rules of the GDPR as follows:
Data Protection by Design
The Kochava Measurement and FAA service platforms (“Platform”) are designed to enable clients to:
Determine which personal data the Platform processes;
Limit the collection of personal data to that which is adequate, relevant, and necessary for the purpose of which they are processed;
Manage the retention periods of personal data; and
Destroy personal data.
Data Protection by Default
The Platform is designed to:
Process personal information in conformance to the instructions provided by the client;
Collect only the personal data that are necessary for fulfilling the purposes of which they are processed;
Make personal data accessible only to a limited number of people whose job requires such access; and
Ensure a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing personal data.
Collection of “Sensitive” Personal Data
Kochava contractually prohibits its clients from utilizing the Platform to collect, process, or otherwise handle sensitive personal data.
Data Retention
Kochava does not keep personal data any longer than is necessary for the purposes for which it is being processed. Kochava deletes personal data after a client’s contract has expired or has been terminated.
Incident Response
Kochava will continue to promptly inform clients of incidents involving personal data in line with the data incident terms in our current (and any subsequently updated) agreements. Kochava maintains, and will continue to invest in, advanced threat detection and avoidance technologies, as well as a rigorous 24/7 incident management program to help identify and respond to security or privacy events (and any personal data breaches under the GDPR) without delay.
Third-Party Audit
Kochava is audited annually by an independent third party against GDPR and ISO/IEC 27001:2013 standards.
International Transfers
Kochava ingests client data to its cloud servers from locations across the world. Upon ingestion, Kochava transfers the data to its secure processing facility located in the United States. Kochava is certified under the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield frameworks, which is a legal mechanism to enable the transfer of personal data from the European Economic Area to the US, where certified organizations guarantee to provide a level of protection in line with EU data protection law. See more here:
https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000GnEHAA0&status=Active
Kochava also offers clients EU-approved Model Contract Clauses upon request.
Kochava will, in addition, continue to monitor the evolution of international data-transfer mechanisms under the GDPR, and is committed to having an ongoing lawful basis for data transfers in compliance with applicable data protection laws.
Subprocessing
Kochava does not subcontract any of its processing operations to a subprocessor in the absence of a written agreement which contractually obligates the subprocessor to adhere to all applicable GDPR data processing requirements.
Opt-Out & Right to be Forgotten
You may
click here
to be redirected to the Kochava web page dedicated to providing guidance on opting out of interest-based advertising.
In order to protect your privacy, Kochava has engineered its systems to not collect identifying information such as email, name, and phone number. However, GDPR considers mobile device identifiers and IP addresses to be “personal information.” A mobile device identifier is a unique string of 30+ numbers associated with your device (e.g., cell phone). An IP address is a series of numbers separated by periods that identifies each computing device using a particular “Internet Protocol” at a given time to communicate over a network.
If you are concerned that Kochava has this information, we will be happy to delete it from our systems upon request. You may submit a request to delete all your personal information by emailing Kochava at privacy@kochava.com or by contacting the legal department via telephone at 855-562-4282. However, please bear in mind that when you contact Kochava with such a request, because of the precautions we have proactively taken to protect your privacy, you are actually volunteering more personally identifying information to Kochava as a result of lodging the request than Kochava would have ever had prior to you initiating contact.
Opt Out Policy
Additional Terms
In its capacity as a processor of personal data, Kochava will ensure its contractual agreements with clients require the parties to adhere to the respective obligations of controllers and processors. Furthermore, Kochava will enter into data-processing agreements with clients where required.
Our Consent Management Platform can help you comply with CCPA as a business and GDPR as a data controller.
Learn more
Standards, Regulations & Certifications
Kochava and Trusted Partners†
Comprehensive controls over security and risk management
A framework for legally transferring and processing EU data in the US
Controls over financial reporting
Controls over security, availability, and confidentiality
Public report of controls over security, availability, and confidentiality
Securing cloud computing environments.
German standard for information security of cloud services.
Accessibility Statement
We’re committed to access for everyone. Kochava is committed to making our website as accessible as possible to people with special needs. We are actively taking steps toward improving the accessibility of our website ensuring we provide equal access to all of our users. We view accessibility as an ongoing effort and will continue to devote resources to further enhance the accessibility of our website and other technologies.
Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (
WCAG
)
Kochava is WCAG 2.1 AA Compliant
Wherever possible, Kochava.com will adhere to the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG). These guidelines outline four main principles that state that sites should be:
Perceivable: Information and user interface components must be presentable to users in ways they can perceive.
Operable: User interface components and navigation must be operable.
Understandable: Information and the operation of user interface must be understandable.
Robust: Content must be robust enough that it can be interpreted reliably by a wide variety of user agents, including assistive technologies.
Service Level Standards
The Kochava Platform will operate and otherwise comply and function in all material respects on an uptime basis of 99.99% over a rolling annual basis. If an incident disrupts the client’s use of the Platform, then Kochava shall respond as follows:
Critical Priority Incident rendering the Platform inoperative: Kochava shall respond to Company within one hour of notice and immediately begin replicating and verifying the problem.
High Priority Incident degrading the operations and use of the Platform: Kochava shall respond to Company within four hours of notice and immediately begin replicating and verifying the problem.
Medium Priority Incident affecting the operations of, but not degrading, the Platform: Kochava shall respond to Company within six hours of notice and immediately begin identifying and verifying the problem during normal business hours.
Low Priority Incident having a minor impact on the operations of the Platform- Kochava shall respond to Company within eight hours of notice if alerted between 6:00 a.m. – 8:00 p.m. PST Monday through Friday and begin identifying and verifying the problem within two business days.
†Listed certifications include those held by Kochava directly and those held by our cloud and data center service providers in so far as those certifications are applicable to our data processing and storage operations. For more information, contact
privacy@kochava.com
.
Have further questions on Kochava Data Privacy and Security?
Contact Us
Quick Links
Resources
Company
© 2008 - 2025
Chat with us
,
	powered by
LiveChat
Deutsch
Español
日本語
한국어
Русский
中文(简体)
Powered by
Localize
English
Sub-policy 2
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Many websites and apps use Google services to improve their content and keep it free. When they integrate our services, these sites and apps share information with Google.
For example, when you visit a website that uses advertising services like AdSense, including analytics tools like Google Analytics, or embeds video content from YouTube, your web browser automatically sends certain information to Google. This includes the URL of the page you’re visiting and your IP address. We may use the IP address, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also
set cookies on your browser
or read cookies that are already there. Apps that use Google advertising services also share information with Google, such as the name of the app and a unique identifier for advertising.
Google uses the information shared by sites and apps to deliver our services, maintain and improve them, develop new services, measure the effectiveness of advertising, protect against fraud and abuse, and personalize content and ads you see on Google and on our partners’ sites and apps. See our
Privacy Policy
to learn more about how we process data for each of these purposes and our
Advertising
page for more about Google ads, how your information is used in the context of advertising, and how long Google stores this information.
Our
Privacy Policy
explains the legal grounds Google relies upon to process your information — for example, we may process your information with your consent or to pursue legitimate interests such as providing, maintaining and improving our services to meet the needs of our users.
Sometimes, when processing information shared with us by sites and apps, those sites and apps will ask for your consent before allowing Google to process your information. For example, a banner may appear on a site asking for consent for Google to process the information that site collects. When that happens, we will respect the purposes described in the consent you give to the site or app, rather than the legal grounds described in the Google Privacy Policy. If you want to change or withdraw your consent, you should visit the site or app in question to do so.
Ad personalization
If ad personalization is turned on, Google will use your information to make your ads more useful for you. For example, a website that sells mountain bikes might use Google's ad services. After you visit that site, you could see an ad for mountain bikes on a different site that shows ads served by Google.
If ad personalization is off, Google will not collect or use your information to create an ad profile or personalize the ads Google shows to you. You will still see ads, but they may not be as useful. Ads may still be based on the topic of the website or app you're looking at, your current search terms, or on your general location, but not on your interests, search history, or browsing history. Your information can still be used for the other purposes mentioned above, such as to measure the effectiveness of advertising and protect against fraud and abuse.
When you interact with a website or app that uses Google services, you may be asked to choose whether you want to see personalized ads from ad providers, including Google. Regardless of your choice, Google will not personalize the ads you see if your ad personalization setting is off or your account is ineligible for personalized ads.
You can see and control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your
ad settings
.
How you can control the information collected by Google on these sites and apps
Here are some of the ways you can control the information that is shared by your device when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services:
Ad Settings
helps you control ads you see on Google services (such as Google Search or YouTube), or on non-Google websites and apps that use Google ad services. You can also
learn how
ads are personalized, opt out of ad personalization, and block specific advertisers.
If you are signed in to your Google Account, and depending on your Account settings,
My Activity
allows you to review and control data that’s created when you use Google services, including the information we collect from the sites and apps you have visited. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Many websites and apps use Google Analytics to understand how visitors engage with their sites or apps. If you don’t want Analytics to be used in your browser, you can
install the Google Analytics browser add-on
. Learn more about
Google Analytics and privacy
.
Incognito mode in Chrome
allows you to browse the web without recording webpages and files in your browser or Account history (unless you choose to sign in). Cookies are deleted after you've closed all of your incognito windows and tabs, and your bookmarks and settings are stored until you delete them. Learn more about
cookies
. Using Incognito mode in Chrome or other private browsing modes does not prevent the collection of data when you visit websites that use Google services, and Google may still collect data when you visit websites using these browsers.
Many browsers, including Chrome, allow you to block third-party cookies. You can also clear any existing cookies from within your browser. Learn more about
managing cookies in Chrome
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Sub-policy 3
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/:
Privacy & Terms