RunwayMap Privacy Policy
Last modified: May 24, 2018
Our website (www.runwaymap.com) and RunwayMap mobile applications (“Services”) are provided by RedDev, a Swiss limited liability company, located at Platz 12, 9100 Herisau, Switzerland.  “We”, “Us”, “Our”, and “RunwayMap” refer to RedDev, LLC. “You” and “your” refer to you as a user of the Services. A “user” is someone who accesses our Services.
This Privacy Policy is designed to serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally identifiable information' (“PII”) is being used online. PII is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify someone. Please read our Privacy Policy carefully to get a clear understanding about the information we collect when you use our Services, and how this information, in particular your PII, is used, protected, or otherwise handled by RunwayMap. We are the controller of your personal data for the purposes of EU data protection law. By using our Services, you are agreeing to this Privacy Policy in full and without reservation.
Information we collect
What you give us
For some of our Services you may need a RunwayMap account (“Account”). When you sign up for an Account, we will ask for PII, like your name and email address. Once you have signed up, by your choice, you can add more PII to your profile by editing it.  We store this information together with, for example, videos or images you upload, your reviews, your communication, personal notes, likes or comments on content of other users. You can allow RunwayMap to access your photo and video storage on your device, selected cloud service, or third party applications. Please note that we also store the communication you send to us, like your emails, your support requests or feedbacks and ideas. The documents you upload in your personal RunwayMap document folder are stored on your personal device or your selected cloud service, and we do not have access to these documents.
From third parties
We allow you to sign up and log in to the Services using third-party accounts, such as Facebook or Google. If you access the Services through third-party accounts we will collect information that you have agreed to make available, like your account ID, name, profile picture and email. This information is collected by the third-party account provider and is provided to us under their privacy policies. You can generally control the information that we receive from these sources using the privacy settings in your third-party account.
From your use
We track user behavior throughout our Services. Specifically, we track the services you use and how you use them. We may store information about your use, such as your browser type, type of computer or mobile device, language, IP address, purchase summary, mobile carrier, unique device identifier, location (including geolocation, beacon based location, and GPS location), and requested and referring URLs.
We may use various technologies to collect and store information when you use our Services. This may include using cookies or related technologies (“Cookies”). Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer/device's hard drive that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. It may be possible to disable some Cookies through your device or browser settings, but doing so may affect the functionality of the Services. The method for disabling Cookies may vary by device and browser but can usually be found in preferences or security settings. Please visit our Cookie Policy for more information.
Sensitive
We do not ask you to provide sensitive data and we do not collect such data on purpose.
How we use your information
We may use the information we collect from you in the following ways: (a) to personalize users’ experiences and to allow us to deliver the type of content and service offerings which you are interested in; (b) to improve the Services, and develop new services and functionality in order to better serve you; (c) to allow us to provide better service when we respond to your service requests; (d) to provide the Service’s functionality; (e) track usage of the Services and help us understand how you use our Services; (f) provide feedback to third parties; (g) display relevant advertising; (h) promote our Services; (i) message you; (j) back up our systems and allow for recovery; (k) enhance the security of the Services; (l) to make the Services work in the way you expect; and (m) comply with legal obligations.
When you have signed up and created an account in order to use our mobile application our lawful ground for most processing activities is the performance of the contract. If we (a) report to advertisers or other partners to provide them with statistics on performance, (b) help them understand how our users respond to their online content and advertisements on our Services, and (c) promote our products and Services, our lawful ground for processing is legitimate interest. Consent is our lawful ground for processing your data in case we personalize ads that we show you on our Services, and if you allow us to receive information through device-based settings (e.g. GPS location, gallery, camera). When you visit our website, the lawful ground for processing your data we collect by tracking your behavior and storing your support requests or feedbacks and ideas is legitimate interest.
We may also process your data for complying with our legal obligations, to protect your vital interests or those of others, and as necessary in the public interest.
Objecting
If the lawful ground for processing is legitimate interest you have the right to object to such processing and your objection will be upheld and we will not process your information, unless the processing is based on compelling legitimate grounds or is needed for legal reasons.
Withdrawing
If the lawful ground for processing is consent you can withdraw it any time.
How we protect your information
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. However, no method of transmission over the Internet or via mobile device, or method of electronic storage, is fully secure. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
We have procedures in place to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach if we are legally required to.
Third Party Disclosure
What you share
Your likes, comments, reviews, videos and photos you upload are for public use, and you may be able to share information with other users, apps, websites, or media, and vice versa. The person or entity you share your information with could display it publicly. When you share your information, for example, via social media, please refer to the privacy policies of those services for more information about how they treat your data. We will remove on our Services your public posts from view or dissociate them from your Account profile if you choose to close your Account.
Service providers
In order to provide you with the Services, or to provide a service you requested through an offering made by a third party or us, we may share information from or about you with third parties that provide services, such as communications and hosting services, network security, technical and customer support, tracking and reporting functions, quality assurance testing, payment processing, our own marketing of the Services, and other functions. These third party providers may share information with us that they obtain from or about you in connection with providing their services or completing your requests.
Your Consent
We do not disclose your PII to third parties for the purpose of directly marketing their goods or services to you unless you first agree to such disclosure.
Non-PII
Non-personally identifiable information, including aggregated/anonymized information, may be shared publicly and with our partners for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
For legal reasons
We may disclose the information we collect from you in order to comply with the law, a judicial proceeding, court order, or other legal process, or to protect and defend our rights.
We also may disclose the information we collect from you where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person, violations of our Terms of Service or this  Privacy Policy, or as evidence in litigation in which RunwayMap is involved.
Business Transfers
If we are acquired by or merged with another company, if substantially all of our assets are transferred to another company, or as part of a bankruptcy proceeding, we may transfer the information we have collected from you to the other company.
Your legal rights
Under data protection laws of the European Union you have rights in relation to your personal data that include the right to request access, correction, erasure, restriction, transfer, to object to processing, to portability of data and, where the lawful ground of processing is consent, to withdraw consent. If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please email us at support@runwaymap.com. We may request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data or to exercise any of your other rights. We may also contact you to ask you for further information to respond to your inquiry more quickly. We do not charge any fees if you request to access your personal data, but we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month.
Please contact us first at support@runwaymap.com if you have any complaint or concern about how we collect and use your data. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent Supervisory Authority for data protection issues.
EDÖB
is the Supervisory Authority in Switzerland.
Third party products and services
We may include or offer third party products or services on our Services. These third parties may have separate and independent privacy policies and practices that are beyond our control. We encourage you to review the privacy practices of such third parties. We make no guarantees about, and assume no responsibility for, the activities, information, services, or data/privacy practices of these third parties. Please email us at support@runwaymap.com if you have concerns about third party products and services.
Children Protection
The Services are not intended for minors, and particularly not directed to children under 13. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you become aware that a child has provided us with personal information without parental consent, please contact us at support@runwaymap.com. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information without parental consent, we will delete such information from our systems.
Notifications and Emails
If you would like to stop receiving certain emails and notifications you can adjust your account settings in our mobile application. You may also unsubscribe from our email newsletters by following the instructions contained at the bottom of the email or you can email us at unsubscribe@runwaymap.com. However, you may not have the option to stop receiving administrative or service-related emails and notifications as they are necessary to provide the Services you requested.
International Data Transfer
For users residing outside Switzerland, please note that the information we obtain from or about you may be transferred, processed and stored in Switzerland.
If your data is transferred outside Switzerland and the EEA, we will take care that certain safeguards are in place to ensure a similar degree of security for your personal data: (a) We may transfer your personal data to countries that the European Commission has approved as providing an adequate level of protection for personal data; or (b) if we use US-based providers that are part of EU-US Privacy Shield, we may transfer data to them, as they have equivalent safeguards in place; or (c) where we use certain service providers who are established outside of Switzerland and the EEA, we may use specific contracts approved by the European Commission which give personal data the same protection it has in Europe. If none of the above safeguards is available, we may request your explicit consent to the specific transfer. You will have the right to withdraw this consent at any time.
Modifications
We may modify this Privacy Policy from time to time. You should look at the Privacy Policy regularly. We will indicate at the top of this page the date that revisions were last made. By continuing to access or use the Services after those changes become effective, you agree to the revised Privacy Policy.
Account Termination
We will remove on our Services all your data when you choose to delete your Account. However, we will retain your data as a backup for a period of twelve months. Thereafter, we will delete the remaining data from our systems.
Retention
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements. For example, we delete (a) server logfiles after twelve months; (b) support requests after support has been provided; and (c) feedbacks and ideas after twelve months.
In some circumstances we may anonymize your personal data for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
Contact Information
If there are any questions regarding this Privacy Policy you may contact us by mail or email using the information below:
Email:
support@runwaymap.com
Mailing Address:
RedDev GmbH
Platz 12
9100 Herisau
Switzerland