Building quality software since 1996
Apps
Contact
Privacy Policy
X04 Studios Inc. believes in protecting user privacy. X04 Studios Inc. has therefore adopted a Privacy Policy. 
				Users of this website should refer to our Privacy Policy before providing any information. 
				If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, you can contact us
here
.
Note to Children Under the Age of 13
If you're under 13, you must provide us with written permission from your parent(s) 
				or legal guardian(s) before sending any information about yourself to us over the Internet.
Contacting Us
When you elect to use our contact page to contact us, we ask you for your name 
				and email address. We store this information for the sole purpose of replying to you as needed
				and we do not share it with third-party companies.
Third Party Advertising
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. 
				These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address 
				or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide 
				advertisements on this site and other sites about goods and services that might be of interest 
				to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices 
				about not having this information used by these companies, you can 
				visit
http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
.
Third Party Cookies
In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party advertisers may place 
				or recognize a unique cookie on your browser.
Web Beacons
Certain of the pages of our site contain "web beacons" (also known as Internet tags, 
				pixel tags, single-pixel GIFs, clear GIFs, invisible GIFs, 1-by-1 GIFs, and web bugs). These web 
				beacons do not affect the appearance of a page but allow third parties to obtain the following 
				information: the IP address of the computer that downloaded the page on which the beacon appears, 
				the URL of the page on which the beacon appears, the time the page containing the beacon was 
				viewed, the type of browser used to view the page, and the information in cookies set by the 
				third party. X04 Studios Inc. does not control or monitor the use of the information collected 
				by third parties through the web beacons placed on our website.
Other Sites
From time to time we may have links to other websites from our site. 
				We do not control, and therefore cannot be responsible for, the collection, use or disclosure 
				of your information by any such third party site. Please carefully review the privacy policy 
				of any third party site that you link to from our site.
Modifications & Amendments
By using our websites, you consent to the collection and use of your information, 
				as described above, by X04 Studios Inc. If we make any changes to our privacy policy, 
				we will post the changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, 
				how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. Any changes to our privacy policy
				will extend to any and all information we may collect or may have collected, regardless of whether 
				the policy was different at the time the information was collected.
If you have any questions about this legal notice, the practices of this 
				site, or your dealings with this website, please contact us
here
.