Privacy Policy
Last updated: September 2023
Our terms of use can be found
here
We collect personal data, which may be linked.
With your permission to show targeted ads, we collect your device's advertising ID  and pass it on to our advertising partners so they can provide ads that may be of interest to you.
None of our mobile applications send any information to Kelly Technology Inc.  We may retain personally identifiable information that you email to us, such as your name and email address.
We do make use of aggregated crash data tools provided by Apple and Google to improve our apps' performance.
We do not knowingly contact or collect personal information from, and none of our mobile applications are directed at, children under the age of 13.  If you believe we have inadvertently collected such information, please contact us so we can promptly remove it.
We collect or share your location only with permission.
In serving you, some of our mobile applications (currently global storms, Forecast Now and Earth++) may use or store your precise geographic location.  We use this information to provide location-based services, not to identify you.  You can prevent the collection of location information by adjusting the settings of your device.  Additional information
is included on each relevant app support page.
We may keep personal information until you ask us to delete it.
We will delete any personally identifiable information that you have emailed to us (such as your name, email or phone number) we may possess promptly after you notify us.
You can ask privacy questions.
If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policies, please contact us:
by email at: support@kellytechnology.com
or by mail at:
Kelly Technology Inc.
7901 4th Street N. STE 300
St. Petersburg FL 33702
USA
We take steps to protect personal information.
We take reasonable steps to secure your personally identifiable information against unauthorized access or disclosure. However, no security method can be guaranteed to protect information from hackers or human error.  You acknowledge that any personal information provided to us is done so at your own risk.
Special situations may require disclosure of your personal information.
We also may make personally identifiable information available to third parties in these limited circumstances: (1) when we have a good faith belief it is required by law, (2) when we have a good faith belief it is necessary to protect our rights or property, or (3) to any successor or purchaser in a merger, acquisition, liquidation, dissolution or sale of assets. Your consent will not be required for disclosure in these cases, but we will attempt to notify you, to the extent permitted by law to do so.
You can review more privacy-related information.
Some of our mobile applications include analytics software from Google, and advertising sourced by Google, Meta, Smaato, AppLovin, OpenX, Media.net, LiftOff and PubMatic. The way in which they manage data is explained here for
Google
,
Meta
,
Smaato
,
AppLovin
, ,
OpenX
,
Media.net
,
LiftOff
,
PubMatic
, 
Advertisements help to fund development of each application. If you would prefer not to see ads, or don't agree with their data use, there is an ad-free
 option available for most of our applications either from within the application or from the appropriate app store.
Our privacy policy may change from time to time and, if it does, it will be updated here.