PRIVACY POLICY
The security of your personal information is important to us. Please do not enter any personal information about yourself except the information needed to create and maintain your user account on social networks or App store websites. We do not hold any liability for any personal data or any sensitive information you provided during opening of the account, which is not expressly and specifically required for a proper registration.
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted, both during transmission and once we receive it. However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, while our goal to use commercially acceptable ways to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee it is absolutely secure. Please keep it in mind before submitting any information about yourself. Please note that information that you voluntarily make public in your user profile, or which you disclose by posting comments will be publicly available and viewable by others. We do not hold any liability for any information that you voluntarily choose to be public through such and/or other explicit actions.
Our Services are not intended for children under the age of 13 and we do not knowingly collect any personal information from such children. Children under the age of 13 should not use our Service at any time.
We receive and store any information you enter on our Service or provide to us in any other way, including via any third party site or service, or via any cookies placed on your device by such third party site, through which you authorize us to access your information (e.g. Facebook). The types of personal information collected in this fashion may include your name, email address, IP address, browser information, username, password, and any other information necessary for us to provide or optimize our Services. You can choose not to provide us with certain information, but then you may not be able to take advantage of many of our special features.
We may share some of the information we collect from you upon use of our Service with third parties service providers who are engaged by or working with us in connection with the operation of the Services we provide to you and/or for analytics purposes which may require the reproduction and display of such information in an aggregated and anonymized manner such that will not in any way identify you.
We use the information we collect or receive to communicate directly with you. We may send you emails containing newsletters, promotions and special offers. We may also send sample products or promotional materials to any address you have provided to us, whether your address, or an address belonging to someone to whom you have sent a product through the Service. If you do not want to receive such email messages or promotional materials, you will be given the option to opt out or change your preferences. We also use your information to send you Service-related emails (e.g., account verification, purchase and billing confirmations and reminders, changes/updates to features of the Service, technical and security notices). You may not opt out of Service-related e-mails.
We may automatically receive and record information on our server logs including, your IP address, unique mobile device identifier (UDID), International Mobile Equipment ID (IMEI), Android ID, device MAC address, cookie information, browser information, operating system, timestamps, the pages you request, applications downloaded, and the actions and path you take on the Service.
  You need to ensure that there is no unauthorized access to your account and personal information by limiting access to your computer (or other device) and browser by signing off after you have finished accessing your account.
Your information with limited access rights (including personal information) can only be accessed by our authorized employees or consultants or the concerned group entities that need to have access to this data in order to be able to fulfill their given duties. However, we shall take appropriate organizational and technical measures to protect your personal data.
We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by any law and also when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with judicial proceedings, court orders, or legal process.
We will retain your information for as long as is necessary to: (1) fulfill any of the services we provide or (2) comply with applicable legislation, regulatory requests and relevant orders from competent courts.
If you would like us to delete your record in our system together with all your personal data (including contact details etc), please contact us at support@candygrill.com and we will attempt to accommodate your request if we are not legally obligated to retain the record.
If we do decide to change our privacy policy, we will post any changes to this privacy statement so that you are all aware of what information we collect, how we use that information, and under what circumstances, if any, we may disclose it.
We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it relatively frequently. If we make any changes to this policy, we will notify you here.
  If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, or if you would like to "opt out" of the collection of your information please contact us at:
support@candygrill.com