Privacy Policy
App Privacy Policy
Introduction
This privacy statement describes how Sepia Software LLC collects and uses the personal information you provide. It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information and how you can access and update this information.
The terms Sepia Software LLC or “we” or “us” or “our” or any grammatical variations of the preceding words refer to Sepia Software LLC. The terms “you” or “your” refer to the client/customer or to users of any of the interfaces (including but not limited to websites and emails) provided by Sepia Software LLC.
Collection and Use
We collect the following personal information from you:
Preferences Information you provide such as product or content interests, or communication or marketing preferences
Usage activity about how you interact with us such as what content you viewed and which areas of our app you visited
Device Information
Email Address (If Provided By You, the User)
As is true of most apps, we automatically gather information about your device such as the type and operating system.
We use this information to:
Assess your needs to determine suitable products or services
Send you push notifications when you are using our app. If you do not want these notifications, you can manage your preferences through your device or app settings depending on your device type. You can also contact us at
sepiaapps@gmail.com
.
Improve our App and marketing efforts
Conduct research and analysis
Promote New Apps or Offers to you through email
Sharing Your Information
We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement.
We may disclose your personal information
as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process
when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request
if Sepia Software LLC is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information
to any other third party with your prior consent to do so
Tracking and Ads
We reserve the right to partner with a third party ad network to either display advertising on our App or to manage our advertising on other sites. Our ad network partner would use technologies to collect non-personally identifiable information about your activities on this and other Apps to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests
Security
The security of your personal information is important to us. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
If you have any questions about security on our Web site, you can contact us at
sepiaapps@gmail.com
Notification of Privacy Statement Changes
We may update this privacy statement to reflect changes to our information practices. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.