Video
All you need to know for FPL Gameweek 29 in 100 seconds
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://resources.premierleague.com/premierleague/document/2021/12/20/980a7f38-34e3-413a-8e5d-71f19ed53b2e/PLCF_Privacy_Policy_2122.pdf:

Sub-policy 1
https://www.premierleague.com/player-privacy-policy:
close
Close Advert
Premier League - Player and Related Persons Privacy Policy
This policy explains how the Premier League uses personal data provided by, or received in respect of, players and academy players (including the English Football League (
EFL
) players) as well as persons associated with such players and the Premier League (but other than those employed or contracted by the Premier League) including, player family members, match officials, agents, managers, trialists, coaches, scouts, club staff, directors (including shadow directors and club owners) and the personnel of current and prospective broadcast partners and other official licensees (collectively referred to as “
Related Persons”,
and individually as “
you
” or “
your
”), in accordance with the United Kingdom General Data Protection Regulation as defined in the Data Protection Act 2018 (as amended) (the
DPA
) and other applicable data protection legislation including the DPA (together, the
Data Protection Law
).
We keep our privacy practices and procedures under review and we may amend this policy from time to time. This version is dated September 2024.
PLEASE READ THIS POLICY, TOGETHER WITH ANY OTHER PRIVACY NOTICES, INCLUDING THE PREMIER LEAGUE'S SAFEGUARDING PRIVACY POLICY, WHICH WE MAY PROVIDE TO YOU, CAREFULLY SO THAT YOU ARE AWARE OF AND UNDERSTAND THE WAYS IN WHICH WE COLLECT AND USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA.
This policy applies to our use of your personal data, but other organisations such as the Football Association (
The FA
), the EFL, the Professional Footballer's Association (the
PFA
), the Union of European Football Associations (
UEFA
) and Fédération Internationale de Football Association (
FIFA
) (together,
the Football Authorities
), the Professional Game Match Officials Limited (
PGMOL
) and the Premier League's and EFL's member football clubs (each a
Club
) (as applicable) are also likely to collect and use your personal data and you should also refer to their respective privacy policies to understand how each of these organisations collect and use your personal data.
As set out in paragraph 2.7 below, we license the creation by Football DataCo Limited (FDC) of certain data relating to on-field player performance. FDC is a separate data controller with its own privacy policy -
https://www.football-dataco.com/privacy-policy-player-related-persons
.
This policy is provided in layered format so you can click through the sections below. Alternatively, you can download a PDF version of the policy
here
.
1
Background
2
What Personal Data we collect and when
3
How and why we use your Personal Data
4
Who we share your Personal Data with
5
Transferring personal data outside the EEA
6
Security of your Personal Data
7
Data Retention
8
Your rights in connection with your Personal Data
9
Contact us
10
Complaints
1
Background
1.1            When personal data is collected and used for the purposes of this policy, the Premier League is a "controller" under the Data Protection Law which means that we are responsible for deciding how we use the personal data that we collect about you.
1.2            In accordance with the Data Protection Law, we will ensure that the personal data we hold about you is, at all times:
(a)           used fairly, lawfully, and transparently;
(b)           collected for limited, specific purposes only;
(c)            adequate, relevant to and limited to what is necessary for those purposes;
(d)           kept accurate and up-to-date;
(e)           not kept for longer than is necessary; and
(f)            held securely.
1.3            We shall be accountable for and able to demonstrate our compliance with our obligations under the Data Protection Law, and this policy is one of the ways in which we do that.
1.4            We have appointed a Data Protection Lead to oversee compliance with this policy and our data protection compliance activities. The Data Protection Lead has also established a dedicated data protection team to provide the necessary support.
2  What Personal Data we collect and when
2.1            Personal data means any information about you from which you can be identified. It does not include data where your identity has been removed (i.e. anonymous data). There are also more sensitive personal data which require a higher level of protection, for example personal data revealing or concerning a person's racial or ethnic origin, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientations, political opinions, trade union membership and information about health and genetic data and biometric data for the purpose of uniquely identifying a natural person (
Special Category Data
) and personal data relating to criminal convictions and offences (
Criminal Offence Data
). We collect and use a range of personal data, including some Special Category Data and Criminal Offence Data (together
Sensitive Data
) in certain circumstances (as also described in our separate Safeguarding Privacy Policy), depending on your role or relationship with the Premier League.
2.2            You provide some of your personal data to us directly (or via your Club):
(a)           the information you submit in Premier League registration forms and contracts (for example, the Premier League Contract (Form 14) or Academy Player Registration Application (PLYD Form 5));
(b)           the information contained in identification documents you are required to provide in order to confirm your identity and eligibility (for example, birth certificate, passport, and immigration documents);
(c)            the information you provide when you enrol in programmes and training initiatives and other events administered by the Premier League;
(d)           the information you provide in order to register to use certain digital platforms and/or services we provide to you;
(e)           your photograph and other media recordings and footage (for example, upon joining the Premier League or a new Club, or during Premier League photoshoots);
(f)             the information you submit when completing forms and surveys issued by us as and when required (for example, dietary requirements);
(g)           details of incidents and/or allegations of suspected abuse of or unsuitable behaviour towards a child or adult at risk in accordance with our rules and separate Safeguarding Privacy Policy;
(h)           information on your behaviour in relation to sports integrity and personal conduct including records of incidents and allegations of Premier League rule breaches and details of how such incidents and allegations are resolved (such information may include Sensitive Data);
(i)             your contact details and any emergency contact details;
(j)             details of your email address or phone number so that you may register for the Premier League Player Application (if applicable); and
(k)            any other personal information you share with us, including by way of email, telephone call or interview.
2.3            When you are asked to provide non-mandatory information to the Premier League this will be clearly indicated.
2.4            We will also collect other personal data relevant to your Premier League-related activities from your Club or other third parties.
2.5            Clubs provide us with (as applicable):
(a)           copies of player and manager contracts which include additional personal data such as details of remuneration;
(b)           a copy of the representation agreement entered into by a player with intermediaries;
(c)            details of compensation agreements and personal loans;
(d)           details of staff roles (for example, via the Staff Registration System) and qualifications (where relevant);
(e)           details of staff and player training;
(f)             an academy player's "Performance Clock" (as described in more detail in the Premier League's Youth Development Rules);
(g)           certain information in connection with Club academy quality assurance purposes (for example, via the Academy Standards Application) (as described in more detail in the Premier League's Youth Development Rules);
(h)           information on your behaviour in relation to sports integrity and personal conduct including records of incidents and allegations of Premier League rule breaches and details of how such incidents and allegations are resolved (such information may include Sensitive Data); and
(i)             certain medical and health data including for use in research projects to inform Premier League policy.
2.6            The FA also provides us with documents concerning a player's "right to work" in the UK and a copy of the International Transfer Certificate.
2.7            We may also collect or receive (and in the case of (a) below license the creation by FDC or its media licensee Perform Content Services Limited trading as Opta (
Opta
), its betting and gaming licensee Genius Sports Group Limited trading as Betgenius, or its tracking data licensee Second Spectrum Inc (the
Data Licensees
) and their licensees and in the case of (b) below license the creation by our broadcast partners, but in each case as separate data controllers and you can review their player/athlete or other applicable privacy notices as made publicly available on their websites (or otherwise) for further details) the following (as applicable):
(a)           live on-field tracking and performance data (for example, positioning, distance run, passes made and also pose, skeletal and so-called Mesh data (i.e. specific points on or representations of the body) enabling a player's interactions with the ball to be identified and digital visualisation of a player's pose and/or position to be created) (
Tracking Data
), other match event data (for example, goals scored or fouls conceded) (
Event Data
) and match-related photographs and still images;
(b)           match-related broadcasts, transmissions, videos and other recordings;
(c)            information in relation to an academy player's education records (for example, exam results and target grades) from the Department of Education;
(d)           information in connection with a retired player's future career opportunities;
(e)           information on your behaviour in relation to sports integrity and personal conduct including records of incidents and allegations of Premier League rule breaches and details of how such incidents and allegations are resolved (such information may include Sensitive Data);
(f)             information regarding racial or ethnic origin or other Sensitive Data as part of the Premier League's monitoring and promotion of equality of opportunities (our Diversity Programmes); and
(g)           contact details for the personnel of current and prospective broadcast partners and other official licensees and other personal data as required for the negotiation and performance of contractual and commercial arrangements.
2.8            The Premier League takes its duty to safeguard vulnerable people, including youth players and other children, seriously, by conducting independent audits of Clubs as well as collecting and analysing records of incidents and allegations of abuse, exploitation, or inappropriate conduct, by reference to the law and our rules and regulations.
2.9            Please note that we may collect and use your personal data (including from public sources) without your knowledge or consent where this is required and/or permitted by law.
2.10          The Premier League is also committed to taking action against racism in football and society generally and has launched a programme to monitor social media for racist material aimed at Premier League players (using relevant keywords) in order to ensure its expeditious removal from social media and to report on such material to other stakeholders including the Clubs, The FA, EFL and Kick It Out (our Online Abuse Programme).
3 How and why we use your Personal Data
3.1            We collect and use personal data for a range of specific and legitimate reasons which will vary depending on your role or relationship with the Premier League. We only collect and use personal data in accordance with Data Protection Law. For the most part, we collect and use personal data because it is necessary for our "legitimate interests", that is, in order to operate, administer, promote, regulate, and govern the Premier League competitions and to support Clubs' associated activities in an effective and lawful manner.
3.2            In particular, it is necessary:
(a)           to confirm identity and eligibility in the application of rules and regulations relating to player registration and transfers in order to ensure that players are eligible to play for, and where relevant be employed as a professional player by, their Club in the Premier League competitions;
(b)           to confirm identity and eligibility in the application of rules and regulation relating to Club employment, qualifications, and licensing in order to ensure individuals are eligible to undertake certain roles at Clubs (for example, administration of the owners' and directors' test);
(c)            to create an accurate picture of racial, ethnic diversity within football to allow for informed assessments to be made about, and action taken in respect of, equality of opportunity in the Premier League and EFL. NOTE: in accordance with Data Protection Law (and in addition to what is set out under Your Rights in Connection with Your Personal Data below) you may at any time give us written notice requiring us to stop processing your personal data for this purpose within a reasonable period;
(d)           to ensure contracts and registration documents comply with the rules and regulations set down by the Football Authorities (as well as our own);
(e)           for identity verification purpose so as to maintain a high level of security at matches and other Premier League events (including by producing identity cards);
(f)             to help provide the Players' Pensions Scheme (administered by AON);
(g)           to audit Club development and training initiatives (including Academies) to ensure Clubs are meeting the standards set out in the Premier League Rules;
(h)           to administer, deliver, and support Academy player education and coach development;
(i)             to prevent unauthorised access to confidential information (including personal information) by creating registered accounts for use of certain digital platforms/ services which we provide to you;
(j)             to record and confirm player match appearances and performances;
(k)            for safeguarding vulnerable individuals such as youth players and other children in accordance with our separate Safeguarding Privacy Policy;
(l)             to comply with health and safety and other legal obligations and uphold our duty of care towards you and other individuals;
(m)          to act against racism including as part of the Online Abuse Programme;
(n)           to resolve disputes and allegations;
(o)           to communicate with you;
(p)           to maintain integrity and prevent crime and corruption within football;
(q)           to promote and/or commercialise Premier League football including by publishing or sharing photographs of and information on players and match officials and their performances and by sharing information such as Tracking Data and Event Data with broadcast partners and/or commercial partners;
(r)            to protect and enforce our rights and, where necessary or appropriate, take legal action;
(s)            to generate internal reports to help develop and improve Premier League rules, policies, procedures, and strategies (for example in response to the impact of Brexit on Premier League football);
(t)            for preserving the history of football and the Premier League competitions;
(u)           to undertake analysis and research in relation to Premier League initiatives or to inform Premier League policy (such data will either be pseudonymised or anonymised); and
(v)            for other administrative and statistical tasks required to discharge the Premier League's function as a governing, regulatory, and organising body of football.
3.3            Before using your personal data for our legitimate interests, we make sure that we take into account any potential impact that such use may have on you to ensure that your interests and fundamental rights and freedoms do not override those interests. In other words, we have determined that the Premier League has a legitimate need to process your personal data and we are not aware of any reasons that, on balance, mean we should not be doing so. If you have concerns about our processing, please refer to Your Rights in Connection with Your Personal Data below.
3.4            In accordance with Data Protection Law, in rare circumstances we may also use your personal data because: (a) we need to comply with a legal obligation (for example, because the court has ordered us to do so); or (b) it may be necessary to protect yours or someone else's vital interests in emergency situations.
1.5            We generally do not rely on your consent in order to process your personal data and we will inform you specifically when we seek to obtain this from you as well as your ability to withdraw that consent at any time.
Sensitive Data (i.e. Special Category Data and Criminal Offence Data)
3.6            We also only use Sensitive Data in accordance with the Data Protection Law and therefore only if:
(a)
It is necessary for reasons of substantial public interest.
Data Protection Law provides for the use of Sensitive Data where it is necessary for the purposes of:
(i)             measures designed to protect the integrity of a sport or a sporting event. This includes measures to prevent or protect against dishonesty, malpractice or other seriously improper conduct, or failure by a person participating in the sport or event in any capacity to comply with standards of behaviour set by a body or association with responsibility for the sport or event. We rely on this condition in performing our governing, regulatory, and oversight function for the Premier League competitions; or
(ii)            measures designed to eliminate (including to identify or prevent) doping which are undertaken by or under the responsibility of a body that is responsible for eliminating doping in a sport generally and for the purposes of providing information about doping or suspected doping to such a body or association (such as the Football Authorities and the Word Anti-Doping Authority). We rely on this condition in performing our governing, regulatory, and oversight function for the Premier League competitions; or
(iii)           the prevention or detection of an unlawful act which must be carried out without the consent of the data subject so as not to prejudice such purposes. We may need to rely on this condition in performing our governing, regulatory, and oversight function for the Premier League competitions;
(iv)          protecting children and individuals at risk from neglect or physical, mental, or emotional harm, or protecting the physical, mental, or emotional well-being of an individual where consent cannot be or reasonably expected to be obtained or may prejudice the provision of protection. We rely on this condition under our Safeguarding Privacy Policy; or
(v)            identifying or keeping under review the existence or absence of equality of opportunity between groups of people with a view to enabling such equality to be promoted or maintained. We rely on this condition in relation to our Diversity Programmes.
(b)
It is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims or where you have already made the information public.
We may need to rely on this condition in performing our governing, regulatory, and oversight function for the Premier League competitions, and may also need to do so under our Enforcement Privacy Policy or Safeguarding Privacy Policy.
(c)
We have your explicit written consent.
In limited circumstances, we may approach you for your written consent to allow us to process certain Sensitive Data where there is no other legal basis. If we do so, we (or a third party) will provide you with full details of the information that we would like and the reason we need it, so that you can carefully consider whether you wish to consent. For example:
(i)             we are interested in collecting information about player's racial or ethnic origin to ensure meaningful equal opportunity monitoring and reporting, and players are given the option to submit this information to us via their Club on the relevant form;
(ii)            player involvement in the projects undertaken in order to ensure player welfare is optimised and inform the practices of Clubs and the Premier League is voluntary and on the basis of consent; and
(iii)           we request information concerning a youth player's medical, dietary, and other additional needs so that we can run tournaments and other events safely.
You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time and can do so by contacting us using the details provided below.
(d)
In emergency situations.
We may need to process your Sensitive Data or where it is needed to protect your interests (or someone else's interests) and you are not capable of giving your consent.
3.7            To the extent that data about on-pitch incidents referring to injury within Event Data could amount to health data such data is used on the basis that it has already been made public by that player through their participation in a Premier League or other applicable match (although FDC's current data collection mandate requires Opta to capture the reason for a substitution (i.e. tactical or injury) but not specific injury information) and, where it forms part of an archive as described below, because it is necessary for such archiving purposes in the public interest and/or historical research purposes.
3.8            Some Tracking Data results from specific technical processing relating to the physical, physiological, or behavioural characteristics of players, but this is not used by us, FDC or the Data Licensees to identify or confirm the identity of players. Accordingly, even if such data were biometric data, it is not being processed as Special Category Data.
3.9            Unless otherwise required or permitted by law, before using your personal data for a purpose unrelated to the reason we collected it, we will notify you and explain the purpose and legal basis which allows us to do so.
3.10          If you have any questions or require any additional information about the purposes for which your personal data is required and/or our legal justification you can contact the Premier League's dedicated Data Protection Team using the contact details set out below.
4   Who we share your Personal Data with
4.1            In order to function effectively as a governing, regulatory, and organising body in football and administer our relationship with you and your role within football as set out above we may share certain elements of your personal data with other individuals and organisations, always on a need-to-know-basis and for legitimate prescribed reasons:
(a)           we share relevant player registration and identity information with The FA for verification and administrative purposes (including team sheets for the purpose of facilitating player scouting);
(b)           we share player registration information (including details of player transfer fees) with the EFL for administrative purposes;
(c)            we share relevant player and Club staff data with Professional Game Academy Audit Company Limited to facilitate its auditing activities;
(d)           we share a player's registration and Performance Clock data with their new Club upon transfer;
(e)           we provide player photographs or images from footage to:
(i)             Clubs for administration purposes and for use on their websites and social media, in matchday programmes and other promotional materials;
(ii)            our domestic and international broadcast partners (including IMG Media Limited, trading as Premier League Productions) for broadcasting matches and related content and for use on websites and social media;
(iii)           our Official Electronic Games Licensee (currently EA Sports), our VR game licensee (currently Rezzil), and our Official Football Management Video Games Licensee (currently SEGA) to produce football video games. We also procure access for the Licensees, through the Clubs, to obtain facial scans of certain leading players, as well as the provision of Tracking Data (including skeletal or pose data) and Event Data by or on behalf of us, FDC and/or the Data Licensees, for use within those games;
(iv)          our Official Trading Cards and Sticker Licensee (currently Panini) to produce stickers and trading cards; and
(v)            our other partners (currently Guinness, Avery Dennison, Barclays, Castrol, Hublot, Nike, Oracle, and Sorare) for use in certain of their promotional activities;
(f)             we share broadcasts, transmissions, video and other recordings of players, match officials, and other participants (including match footage, dynamic walks to camera and player name pronunciation, promotional messages and preview or post-match interviews, and/or features) recorded on behalf of the Premier League are shared with domestic and international broadcast partners and IMG Media Limited, trading as Premier League Productions;
(g)           we share certain personal data contained in Club staff contracts and details of qualifications with UEFA in order to comply with UEFA licensing requirements and Financial Fair Play Regulations;
(h)           we share personal data concerning safeguarding issues with Clubs, The FA, and official authorities as necessary in accordance with our separate Safeguarding Privacy Policy;
(i)             we provide personal data (including, where necessary important medical and dietary information) to individuals employed to work at tournaments and events administered by the Premier League;
(j)             we share Club staff contact details with Premier League partners to allow relevant individuals to deal with each other directly;
(k)            we share limited (and nameless) injury data with a professional medical consultant to produce injury surveillance reports;
(l)             we (working with the Department of Education) share academy players' education records with an education data consultant for analysis and verification in order to track attainment;
(m)          we procure the provision of Tracking Data and Event Data and video footage through the Data Licensees to Clubs, broadcast and sports data partners, and other third party licensees for commercial, statistical, and analysis purposes including use in physical and online betting and gaming products and services;
(n)           information may be shared between the Premier League and those individuals determining the outcome of disciplinary or regulatory proceedings and appeals in respect of such proceedings;
(o)           we may share personal data concerning regulatory and sports integrity issues with The FA, the police, the Gambling Commission and (if required) FIFA/UEFA;
(p)           we share certain player personal data with AON to administer the Players' Pension Scheme;
(q)           we may share certain personal data with academic institutions assisting the Premier League in research and analysis projects; and
(r)            we make available contact details of the personnel of broadcast partners for access by those individuals within an extranet operated by IMG Media Limited, trading as Premier League Productions, with whom the Premier League is joint data controller of such personal data and relevant data subjects may assert their rights in respect of such processing by contacting either joint controller (please refer to Your Rights in Connection with Your Personal Data below).
4.2            We also share elements of your personal data with third parties who provide the Premier League with certain services to facilitate our business operations (as described above):
(a)           web/app hosting;
(b)           software/app development and maintenance;
(c)            data/document management systems;
(d)           archiving and storage services;
(e)           the production of identity cards; and
(f)             media production, including licensed photo agencies.
4.3            All third-party service providers who we share your personal data with are required to take appropriate security measures to protect your personal data and to comply with certain contractual terms in relation to the use of your personal data. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes. We only permit them to process your personal data for specified limited purposes and in accordance with our written instructions.
5   Transferring Personal Data outside the UK and EEA
5.1    Some countries outside of the UK and the European Union (EU) do not have laws that protect privacy rights and personal data as extensively as the UK and countries in the EU. Therefore, in accordance with Data Protection Law, if we do transfer your personal data outside of the UK and the EU, we ensure that your personal data is afforded a similar level of protection by ensuring such transfers are to countries which are recognised as providing an adequate level of legal protection by the UK and/or the European Commission or where one of the specific safeguards approved by the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO) in the UK and/or the European Commission is in place. You can find further information about these safeguards at International transfers | ICO and https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection_en. In the event that there is any change in the law such that one or all of the safeguards are no longer valid or applicable, we will ensure that we are satisfied that alternative arrangements/safeguards are in place to protect your privacy rights as required by the Data Protection Law.
5.2    We only routinely transfer personal data outside of the UK and the EU in the following circumstances:
(a)    the Data Licensees transfer Tracking Data and Event Data to non-EEA broadcast partners for public broadcast or sports data partners for commercial, statistical, and analysis purposes;
(b)    in certain circumstances we share player personal data with FIFA which is located in Switzerland; and
(c)    we transfer personal data required to arrange and administer international Premier League events such as the Premier League US Summer Series and Asia Trophy (for example team sheets and to arrange visas).
5.3    If you would like further information on the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your personal data out of the EU, please contact us using the details provided below
6 Security of your Personal Data
6.1    The Premier League is committed to protecting your privacy and has put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered, or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, contractors, and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions, and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality. Details of these measures are available upon request using the details provided below.
6.2    We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected data security breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a suspected breach where we are legally required to do so.
6.3    Where we have given you or you have chosen a password which enables you to access certain digital platforms/services, you are responsible for using reasonable care in keeping this password confidential.
7  Data Retention
7.1    In accordance with Data Protection Law, we will only keep your personal data:
(a)    for as long as necessary to fulfil the specific purposes we collected it for - for example, we will retain your contact details until such time as there is no foreseeable need to communicate with you. In a lot of cases, we wish to retain personal data because, although it is no longer necessary to process it currently, it is likely to become necessary to do so again in the near future. For instance, where your Club is no longer competing in the Premier League but may do so again in the future;
(b)    to the extent reasonably necessary to comply with a legal requirement or legal reasons - for example, documents containing personal data may need to be retained for an extended period of time (generally for six years) if there is a real risk that they could be the subject of a claim, or may otherwise be relevant to future litigation; or
(c)    as advisable in light of certain legal issues (or potential issues) - for example, we may retain information in relation to safeguarding issues after the conclusion of an investigation so that we can address historical allegations in the future.
7.2    To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
7.3    In accordance with the Premier League's Data Retention Policy and Data Protection Law, after the applicable retention period has ended, the personal data will be either (as applicable):
(a)    securely deleted or destroyed - when the information is no longer required in any form;
(b)    anonymised (so that it can no longer be associated with you) - for example, where the data remains useful in an aggregated/generic form for statistical purposes; or
(c)    transferred to the Premier League "archive" - an "archive" is a collection of personal data which is no longer necessary to achieve the purposes for which the information was originally collected or which is no longer used for general business activities, but are used only for historical, scientific or statistical purposes, dispute resolution, or investigations. We wish to continue to retain some personal data as it effectively forms part of the history of the Premier League, its competition and the sport of football, for example, player registration information after the player has retired. We maintain appropriate measures to keep archived personal data secure, in accordance with Data Protection Law.
7.4    Specific details of retention periods for different aspects of your personal data are available upon request by using the contact details provided below.
8   Your rights in connection with your Personal Data
8.1    Under Data Protection Law, you have certain rights (depending on the circumstances) in connection with your personal data, which include your ability to:
(a)    Request access to your personal data (commonly known as a "data subject access request"). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal information we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it, provided always that this does not adversely affect the rights and freedoms of other people.
(b)    Request correction of the personal data that we hold about you. Where any of the information we hold about you is incorrect or incomplete we will act promptly to rectify this, including where you have requested us to do so.
(c)    Request erasure of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have exercised your right to object to processing (see below).
(d)    Object to use of your personal data where we are relying on our legitimate interests (see "How and why we use your Personal Data") and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to our use on this ground.
(e)    Withdraw your consent to our use of your personal data where we do so in reliance on your consent. Once we have received notification that you have withdrawn your consent, we will no longer process your personal data for the purpose or purposes you originally agreed to, unless we have another legitimate basis for doing so in law.
(f)    Request the restriction of use of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the use of personal data about you, for example if you want us to establish its accuracy or the reason for using it.
8.2    You also have a right of data portability to receive personal data in a structured, commonly used and machine readable format (or to ask us to transfer it to a third party); but note that this only applies to personal data:
(a)    which you have provided to us (so not to inferred or observed data); and
(b)    which we are processing on the basis of your consent or under contract and where the processing is automated (so this will not apply to most of the personal data we are processing about you).
8.3    We are committed to respecting your rights. You may action your rights (as applicable) by contacting us using the details provided below and we will comply with your requests within a reasonable period unless we have a lawful reason not to do so. Requests should be made in writing and to ensure that personal data is dealt with carefully and confidentially the Premier League will require the requestor to provide verification of their identity and all applications must be accompanied by a copy of one or more official documents, which show your name, date of birth and current address (for example, driving licence, birth/adoption certificate, passport, recent utility bill).
8.4    Note: in responding to such requests, we will explain the impact of any objections, restrictions or deletions requested, which may be significant if our use of your personal data is necessary for you to fulfil your role or relationship with the Premier League.
8.5    We will not charge you a fee to exercise your rights unless your request for access is clearly unfounded or excessive, in which case we may charge you a reasonable fee. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with the request in such circumstances.
9 Contact us
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or how we handle your personal data, please contact the Data Protection Lead using the following contact details:
Premier League Data Protection Lead
Premier League
Brunel Building
57 North Wharf Road
London W2 1HQ
dataprotection@premierleague.com
10 Complaints
You also have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO), the UK data protection authority. The ICO's contact details as are follows: Information Commissioner's Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire, SK9 5AF; Tel: 0303 123 1113 (local rate) or 01625 545 745;
ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Cookies Settings
Reject All
Accept All Cookies
Your Privacy
Functional Cookies
Targeting Cookies
Performance Cookies
Essential Cookies
Your Privacy
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies are set through our site by third party providers. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Performance Cookies
Performance cookies help us improve the functionality of our website by collecting information and reporting on your use of the website as well as improving your user experience.
Always Active
Essential cookies are required for the operation of our website. You may disable these using your internet browser but this may affect website functionality.
Back Button
Cookie List
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Sub-policy 2
https://www.premierleague.com/safeguarding-privacy-policy:
close
Close Advert
Safeguarding Privacy Policy
This policy should be read in conjunction with the Premier League Safeguarding Policy and Section S of the Premier League Rules, which govern the Premier League’s role in the regulation and oversight of safeguarding within football.  It explains how the Premier League uses personal data in relation to the safeguarding of children and adults at risk (together,
Safeguarding Activity
).
This policy applies to personal data provided by, or received in respect of persons associated with the Premier League, including but not limited to Club players (including English Football League (
EFL
) players, Club Community Organisation participants and Club Academy Players),  any persons formerly, currently, or prospectively employed or deployed by a Club or Club Community Organisation whether in a paid, voluntary, consultancy or third-party capacity, as well as match officials, agents, managers, trialists, coaches, scouts, club staff, directors (including shadow directors and club owners) and player or participant family members, individuals involved in or referring a safeguarding incident, and individuals involved with the delivery of Premier League initiatives (“
you
” or “
your
”), in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation and other applicable data protection legislation including the Data Protection Act 2018 (together, the
Data Protection Law
).
We keep our privacy practices and procedures under review and we may amend this policy from time to time. This version is dated September 2024.
PLEASE READ THIS POLICY, TOGETHER WITH ANY OTHER PRIVACY NOTICES WHICH WE MAY PROVIDE TO YOU, CAREFULLY SO THAT YOU ARE AWARE OF AND UNDERSTAND THE WAYS IN WHICH WE COLLECT AND USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA.
Our Player and Related Persons Privacy Policy (and in the case of Premier League personnel our Employee Privacy Notice) sets out more information about our use of your data generally. You can review it
here
.
This policy applies to our use of your personal data, but other organisations such as the Football Association (
The FA
), County FAs, the EFL, the Professional Football Players' Association (the P
FPA
), the Union of European Football Associations (U
EFA
) and Fédération Internationale de Football Association (
FIFA
) (together, the
Football Authorities
); the Professional Games Match Officials Limited (
PGMOL
), the Professional Game Academy Audit Company (
PGAAC),
Football DataCo (
FDC
), the Premier League Charitable Fund (
PLCF
) and the Premier League's and EFL's member football clubs (each a
Club
) (as applicable) are also likely to collect and use your personal data and you should also refer to their respective privacy policies to understand how each of these organisations use your data, including in relation to their safeguarding activities under their own safeguarding policies.
1. Background
1.1.       The Premier League is a “controller” under the Data Protection Law, which means that we are responsible for deciding how we use the personal data that we collect about you.
1.2.       In accordance with the Data Protection Law, we will ensure that the personal data we hold about you is, at all times:
(a)           used fairly, lawfully, and transparently;
(b)           collected for limited, specific purposes only;
(c)           adequate, relevant to and limited to what is necessary for those purposes;
(d)           kept accurate and up-to-date;
(e)           not kept for longer than is necessary; and
(f)            held securely.
1.3.       We shall be accountable for and able to demonstrate our compliance with our obligations under the Data Protection Law, and this policy is one of the ways in which we do that.
1.4            We have appointed a Data Protection Lead to oversee compliance with this policy and our data protection compliance activities. The Data Protection Lead has also established a dedicated data protection team to provide the necessary support.
2.
What Personal Data we collect and when
2.1.       Personal data means any information about you from which you can be identified. It does not include data where your identity has been removed (i.e. anonymous data). There are also “special categories” of more sensitive personal data which require a higher level of protection, for example personal data revealing or concerning a person's racial or ethnic origin, health, or criminal convictions and offences. We collect and use a range of personal data, including special category personal data in some circumstances, depending on your role or relationship with the Premier League and our Safeguarding Activities. This may be in relation to your recruitment, or a report or other communication that you make or contribute to about other people, or a report or other communication that is made about you.
Personal Data provided directly by you
2.2.       You provide some of your personal data to us directly (or via your Club) and, in addition to the personal data described in our Player and Related Persons Privacy Policy (and in the case of Premier League personnel our Employee Privacy Notice), this will also include:
(a)    any information you may provide as part of pre-recruitment checks for roles where you would be employed or contracted by the Premier League, such as Disclosure and Barring Service (
DBS
) checks, which may include your identification verification, references, and (where applicable) criminal record checks;
(b)    reported incidents, allegations, and disclosures made in accordance with the Premier League Safeguarding Policy or Section S of the Premier League Rules and those set out in the relevant sections of the Affiliated Football Safeguarding Referral Form which you complete, or contribute to, and which are submitted to us including in Section 6;
(c)    details of the person completing the Affiliated Football Safeguarding Referral Form;
(d)    other information which you report, or provide in response to requests and/or in correspondence with the Premier League in relation to our Safeguarding Activities which may include your contact details, role, statements and/or opinions; and
(e)    any other personal information you share with us, including by way of email, telephone call or interview as part of our Safeguarding Activities.
2.3.       Any information requested as part of a pre-recruitment and procurement check is mandatory, and failure to provide the required information may preclude you from being registered in certain roles. Other information that you provide in relation to Safeguarding Activities may be optional, although failure to provide it may have an impact on the ability to investigate and take action in relation to such matters. When you are asked to provide non-mandatory information to the Premier League this will be clearly indicated.
Personal data provided by third parties
2.4.       We will also collect other personal data about you relevant to our Safeguarding Activities from your Club or other third parties and, in addition to the personal data described in our Player and Related Persons Privacy Policy (and in the case of Premier League personnel our Employee Privacy Notice), this may include:
(a)    information that is obtained from third parties through pre-recruitment and procurement checks for roles where you would be employed or contracted by the Premier League, such as DBS checks or social media checks, or stored on the Premier League Safeguarding platform, which may include your identification verification, social media posts, references, and (where applicable) criminal record checks;
(b)    reported incidents, allegations, and disclosures as reported to us in the Affiliated Football Safeguarding Referral Form, or the Premier League internal Safeguarding Referral Form, through the Premier League’s whistleblowing procedures, or provided in response to our requests and/or in correspondence with the Premier League in relation to our Safeguarding Activities;
(c)   information that is obtained from the safeguarding activities of Clubs, Club Community Organisations, other Football Authorities and other interested parties such as the Charity Commission, charities and voluntary bodies such as the NSPCC and ChildLine, schools, statutory bodies and agencies such as local education authorities or the police, and directly from other participants in football; and
(d)    any other personal information shared with us, including by way of email, telephone call or interview as part of our Safeguarding Activities.
2.5.       Information reported to us may include your personal data because your safety is of concern or because your behaviour or the behaviour of others is of concern and may include records of incidents, allegations or disclosures about abuse, exploitation, inappropriate conduct or poor practice and details of how such incidents and allegations are resolved, which may include health information and details of criminal offences and illegality (i.e. special category data).
2.6.       Please note that we may collect and process your personal data (including from public sources) without your knowledge or consent where this is required and/or permitted by law.
3.
How and why we use your Personal Data
3.1. We only collect and use personal data in accordance with Data Protection Law.
3.2. The Premier League may collect and use personal data because it is necessary for our "legitimate interests", that is, in order to operate, administer, regulate, and govern the Premier League competitions and to support Clubs' associated activities in an effective and lawful manner and in particular, because it is necessary:
(a) to implement and enforce our Safeguarding Policy and Section S of the Premier League Rules including conducting pre-recruitment checks, receiving and reviewing reports and communications and taking necessary action to protect the welfare of individuals at risk and to prevent abuse and poor practice;
(b) to operate and administer our systems and procedures, including holding data from such checks, reports and communications, in support of our Safeguarding Policy; and
(c) in conducting our Safeguarding Policy and applying Section S of the Premier League Rules to share such data with other parties who can help to protect the welfare of individuals at risk and to prevent abuse and poor practice.
3.3. Before using your personal data for our legitimate interests, we make sure that we take into account any potential impact that such use may have on you to ensure that your interests and fundamental rights and freedoms do not override those interests. In other words, we have determined that the Premier League has a legitimate need to process your personal data and we are not aware of any reasons that, on balance, mean we should not be doing so. If you have concerns about our processing, please refer to Your Rights in Connection with Your Personal Data below.
3.4. In implementing our Safeguarding Policy, and in accordance with Data Protection Law, we may also use your personal data for purposes which are required by law, including:
(a) to comply with a legal obligation (for example, because the court has ordered us to do so);
(b) to respond to requests by the government or law enforcement authorities conducting an investigation;
(c) to implement enhanced DBS checks where individuals will interact with children or adults at risk; and
(d) to protect yours or someone else's vital interests in emergency situations.
3.5. We generally do not rely on your consent in order to process your personal data and we will inform you specifically when we seek to obtain this from you as well as your ability to withdraw that consent at any time.
Special Category Data
3.6. We also only use special category personal data in accordance with the Data Protection Law and therefore only if:
(a)
It is necessary for reasons of substantial public interest.
Data Protection Law provides for the use of special category personal data where it is necessary for the prevention and detection of unlawful acts, and for the purposes of safeguarding of children and individuals at risk. Data Protection Law also provides for the use of special category personal data for the purposes of measures designed to protect the integrity of a sport or a sporting event. This includes measures to prevent or protect against dishonesty, malpractice or other seriously improper conduct, or failure by a person participating in the sport or event in any capacity to comply with standards of behaviour set by a body or association with responsibility for the sport or event.
(b)
We have your explicit written consent.
In limited circumstances, we may approach you for your written consent to allow us to process certain sensitive data where there is no other legal basis. If we do so, we (or a third party) will provide you with full details of the information that we would like and the reason we need it, so that you can carefully consider whether you wish to consent. For example, we may request consent (including parental or guardian consent) to processing a youth player’s medical and other additional needs to ensure that we comply with our obligation to safeguard children and young adults.
You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time and can do so by contacting us using the details provided below.
Less commonly, we may process your personal data where it is needed in relation to legal claims or where it is needed to protect your interests (or someone else’s interests) and you are not capable of giving your consent, or where you have already made the information public.
3.7. Unless otherwise required or permitted by law, before using your personal data for a purpose unrelated to the reason we collected it, we will notify you and explain the purpose and legal basis which allows us to do so.
3.8. If you have any questions or require any additional information about the purposes for which your personal data is required and/ or our legal justification you can contact the Premier League's dedicated Data Protection Team using the contact details set out below.
4.
Who we share your Personal Data with
4.1. We may share certain elements of your personal data with other individuals and organisations as part of our Safeguarding Activities, always on a need-to-know-basis and for legitimate prescribed reasons.
4.2. We share information with Clubs, Club Community Organisations, PLCF, other Football Authorities, PGMOL, PGAAC, FDC, and other interested parties including without limitation the Charity Commission, charities and voluntary bodies such as the NSPCC and ChildLine, statutory bodies and agencies such as local education authorities or the police, the Care Quality Commission, Ofsted or the DBS, and other relevant third parties, including those who are the subject of Safeguarding Activities because their safety is of concern or because their behaviour or the behaviour of others is of concern and when determining the outcome of disciplinary or regulatory proceedings and appeals in respect of such proceedings.
4.3. Personal data may also be shared with third party service providers, who will process it on behalf of the controllers for the purposes identified above. Such third parties include the providers of software used by the Premier League to maintain records of intelligence, case management, and DBS checks.
4.4. All third-party service providers who we share your personal data with are required to take appropriate security measures to protect your personal data. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes. We only permit them to process your personal data for specified limited purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
5.
Transferring personal data outside the EEA
Some countries outside of UK and the European Union (EU) do not have laws that protect privacy rights and personal data as extensively as the UK and countries in the EU. Therefore, in accordance with Data Protection Law, if we do transfer your personal data outside of the UK and the EU, we ensure that your personal data is afforded a similar level of protection by ensuring such transfers are to countries which are recognised as providing an adequate level of legal protection by the UK and/or the European Commission or where one of the specific safeguards approved by the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) in the UK and/or the European Commission is in place. You can find further information about these safeguards at
International transfers | ICO
and
https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection_en
.
5.2. If you would like further information on the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your personal data out of the UK and the EU, please contact us using the details provided below.
6.
Security of your Personal Data
6.1. The Premier League is committed to protecting your privacy and has put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered, or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality. Details of these measures are available upon request using the details provided below.
6.2. We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected data security breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a suspected breach where we are legally required to do so.
7.
Data retention
7.1. In accordance with Data Protection Law, Premier League will only keep your personal data:
(a) for as long as necessary to fulfil the specific purposes we collected it for in relation to safeguarding matters but we will review the information we hold, and the decisions and actions that we have taken, at the end of each case or investigation and thereafter every 3 years;);
(b) to the extent reasonably necessary to comply with a legal requirement or legal reasons - for example, documents containing personal data may need to be retained for an extended period of time (generally for six years) if there is a real risk that they could be the subject of a claim, or may otherwise be relevant to future litigation; or
(c) as advisable in light of certain legal issues (or potential issues) - for example, we may retain information in relation to safeguarding issues after the conclusion of an investigation so that we can address historical allegations in the future.
7.2. To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
7.3. In accordance with the Premier League's Data Retention Policy and Data Protection Law, after the applicable retention period has ended, the personal data will be either (as applicable):
(a) securely deleted or destroyed - when the information is no longer required in any form; or
(b) anonymised (so that it can no longer be associated with you) - for example, where the data remains useful in an aggregated/ generic form for statistical purposes.
8. Your rights in connection with your Personal Data
8.1.       Under Data Protection Law, you have certain rights (depending on the circumstances) in connection with your personal data, which include your ability to:
(a)    Request access to your personal data (commonly known as a “data subject access request”). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal information we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it, provided always that this does not adversely affect the rights and freedoms of other people.
(b)   Request correction of the personal data that we hold about you. Where any of the information we hold about you is incorrect or incomplete we will act promptly to rectify this, including where you have requested us to do so.
(c)    Request erasure of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have exercised your right to object to processing (see below).
(d)   Object to use of your personal data where we are relying on our legitimate interests (see “How and why we use your Personal Data”) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to our use on this ground.
(e)   Withdraw your consent to our use of your personal data where we do so in reliance on your consent. Once we have received notification that you have withdrawn your consent, we will no longer process your personal data for the purpose or purposes you originally agreed to, unless we have another legitimate basis for doing so in law.
(f)     Request the restriction of use of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the use of personal data about you, for example if you want us to establish its accuracy or the reason for using it.
(g)    Request the transfer of the personal data you have provided, on the basis of consent or for a contract with us, to you or a third party where technically feasible.
8.2.       We are committed to respecting your rights. You may action your rights (as applicable) by contacting us using the details provided below and we will comply with your requests within a reasonable period unless we have a lawful reason not to do so. Requests should be made in writing and to ensure that personal data is dealt with carefully and confidentially the Premier League will require the requestor to provide verification of their identity and all applications must be accompanied by a copy of one or more official documents, which show your name, date of birth and current address (for example, driving licence, birth/adoption certificate, passport, recent utility bill).
8.3.       Note: in responding to such requests, we will explain the impact of any objections, restrictions or deletions requested, which may be significant if our use of your personal data is necessary for you to fulfil your role or relationship with the Premier League.
8.4.       We will not charge you a fee to exercise your rights unless your request for access is clearly unfounded or excessive, in which case we may charge you a reasonable fee. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with the request in such circumstances.
9.
Contact us
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or how we handle your personal data, please contact the Data Protection Lead using the following contact details:
Premier League Data Protection Lead
The Football Association Premier League Limited
Brunel Building
57 North Wharf Road
London
W2 1HQ
dataprotection@premierleague.com
10. Complaints
You also have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), the UK data protection authority. The ICO's contact details as are follows: Information Commissioner's Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire, SK9 5AF; Tel: 0303 123 1113 (local rate) or 01625 545 745;
https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/
.
Sub-policy 3
https://www.premierleague.com/ip-enforcement-policy:
close
Close Advert
Premier League - Intellectual Property Enforcement Programme
This page provides more information about how the Premier League collects and uses personal data as part of its efforts to protect and enforce its intellectual property rights.
Click here for more information:
https://www.premierleague.com/legal/report-illegal-broadcasting
https://www.premierleague.com/legal/anti-counterfeiting-programme
Premier League IP Enforcement Programme
A. Commercial Premises ("Pubs") Programme
The Premier League protects and enforces its intellectual property rights by investigating and taking appropriate action against commercial premises broadcasting unauthorised streams of Premier League matches.
B. Suppliers and Illicit Streaming Services Programme
The Premier League protects and enforces its intellectual property rights by investigating and taking appropriate action (including civil or criminal legal proceedings) against suppliers of technology (including physical equipment and software) and services which enable access to and screening of unauthorised streams of Premier League matches.
C. Anti-Counterfeiting Programme
The Premier League protects and enforces its and its member clubs’ from time to time (the “
Clubs
”) intellectual property rights by investigating and taking appropriate action against manufacturers / distributors of counterfeit goods and services (i.e. goods bearing the Premier League's and/or or Clubs’ intellectual property).
If you have received a letter from the Premier League, or from DLA Piper UK LLP (our primary external legal advisors) on behalf of the Premier League, concerning infringements of the Premier League's intellectual property rights, you may have been provided a link to this page.
To read the full
Premier League Privacy Policy
, including information on individuals' rights in relation to their personal data, go to
https://www.premierleague.com/privacy-policy
.
Personal data we collect: how, when and why?
In order to protect and enforce its intellectual property rights, the Premier League needs to collect and use personal data (as described in the table below) about individuals who have, might have or are likely to infringe the Premier League's intellectual property rights (and, depending on the circumstances, other individuals who are related to such individuals).
Much of this personal data is collected through open-source research or provided to the Premier League by our authorised third party investigators. Our primary external legal advisors, DLA Piper UK LLP, will also collect personal data from and/ or about defendants/ potential defendants during correspondence with them and/ or their affiliates.
The table below sets out the type of personal data, as well as when and how, the Premier League typically collects and uses it when investigating and (where appropriate) taking action against infringers. It also sets out the purpose and lawful basis of this collection and use. Please refer to the full
Premier League Privacy Policy
, and the
Glossary
(below) for more information about the requirement for a lawful basis for each processing activity.
Categories of Personal Data
Collection
Purpose
Lawful basis
Names
Open source research and on-the-ground investigations during investigation/ fact gathering phases and discussions with potential defendants and other third parties.
To identify/ communicate with/ take action against those responsible for IP infringements.
Legitimate Interests
Contact details (i.e. telephone numbers and email addresses)
As above.
As above.
Legitimate Interests
Address (residential and/ or premises)
Open source research during investigation/ fact gathering phases and direct from the infringer or affiliates of that infringer.
As above and to identify residential addresses for service of claims.
Legitimate Interests
Affiliations (i.e. friends, family, colleagues)
Open source research during investigation/ fact gathering phases.
Where there are multiple potential defendants, to understand the relationship between them and who is liable, and to identify residential addresses for service of claims.
Legitimate Interests
Job
During investigation/ fact gathering.
To establish level of involvement/ extent of liability.
Legitimate Interests
Photograph
Open source research on the internet (including social media).
Helps counter claims by individuals denying involvement, and to identify person to be served and prove personal service has occurred.
Legitimate Interests
Personal characteristics (i.e. physical descriptions such as age, gender, height, stature, skin colour, hair colour etc.)
By investigators and open source research on the internet (including social media).
Information helps counter claims by individuals denying involvement, and to identify person to be served and prove personal service has occurred.
Legitimate Interests & Unlawful Acts/ Legal Claims (where Special Category Data)
Character descriptions (e.g. unfriendly or wary)
Observations through interactions during investigations and communications.
Protecting the safety of investigators and
to advise on best approach to conversations.
Legitimate Interests
Depending on your circumstances, you may also choose to provide us with information in relation to your health or financial position, to the extent it is relevant to the investigation/ case. We treat any such information you decide to share with us with particular care to protect the confidential and sensitive nature of such information.
In addition, in relation to our Supplier and Anti-Counterfeiting Programmes only, the Premier League may also process the following categories of personal data, as set out below:
Categories of Personal Data
Collection
Purpose
Lawful
basis
Lifestyle data (e.g. hobbies, interests, expenditures)
Observations by investigators on the ground and through open source research on the internet.
To ascertain ability to make payments in respect of infringements and the scale of an infringer’s operation.
Legitimate Interests
Criminal Offence Data (in relation to potential IP crimes against Premier League)
Online and in-person investigations.
To ascertain whether liable for criminal offences and take appropriate action.
Unlawful Acts/ Legal Claims
IP addresses
Collected through monitoring of illicit streaming services.
To detect location of servers used by Suppliers to provide illicit streaming services.
Legitimate Interests
Who does the Premier League disclose personal data to?
In order to successfully operate its intellectual property enforcement programme, it is necessary for the Premier League to share personal data (as described above) with third party organisations, including (depending on the circumstances) our external legal advisors (including DLA Piper UK LLP), our investigators and operatives (including FMTS, ID Inquiries, Irdeto, Pointer and Back Four); industry enforcement operators (such as FACT) and law enforcement authorities (Trading Standards and the Police).
How long does the Premier League keep this personal data?
The Premier League retains all personal data which is relevant to its investigations and/or legal proceedings for as long as necessary to effectively protect itself against those who repeatedly infringe the Premier League's intellectual property.
However, the Premier League takes precautions to ensure that sensitive personal data is treated with due care and that irrelevant and/or excessive personal data is securely deleted.
GLOSSARY
Term
Meaning
Criminal Offence Data
Personal data relating to criminal offences and convictions (including allegations thereof).
Legal Claims
One of the grounds on which Criminal Offence Data can be processed:
Where it is: (a) necessary for the purposes of, or in connection with, any legal proceedings (including prospective legal proceedings); (b) necessary for the purpose of obtaining legal advice; or (c) otherwise necessary for the purposes of establishing, exercising or defending legal rights.
Legitimate Interests
One of the grounds on which personal data can be processed:
Where it is necessary for the legitimate interests pursued by the controller, or a third party (as long as such interests are not overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject).
Special Category Data
Personal data which is more sensitive. For example, information about an individual’s race, ethnic origin, or health.
Unlawful Acts
One of the grounds on which Criminal Offence Data can be processed:
Where it is necessary for the prevention or detection of unlawful acts.
Sub-policy 4
https://resources.premierleague.com/premierleague/document/2020/08/26/4f10abf8-0e18-4d3c-921f-b26068a33c7f/PL-Enforcement-external-privacy-policy-19.08.20.pdf:
