Privacy Policy
Lazarillo Tec Spa Chilean entity or Lazarillo LLC Florida US company respects your privacy. Lazarillo Tec Spa or Lazarillo LLC for now on “Lazarillo” offer mapping and GPS navigation to guide and locate, either in the city or in an indoor space, users of Lazarillo’s mobile application (the ” Application “) (collectively referred to as the “Services “). Lazarillo is specially developed for blind or people living with low vision.
This Privacy Policy describes:
the information that Lazarillo collects from users;
how that information is used by Lazarillo; and
the rights and options available to users.
In this Privacy Policy, the term “personal information” means any information collected by us or provided by you that, with reasonable efforts, may be used to identify you, which may include first and last name, email address and, in certain circumstances, your location and information of favorite places.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as it described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at Lazarillo unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Contact Lazarillo/ Abuse reports
If you believe that your privacy has been compromised by any person, in the course of using the Services, then please contact Lazarillo at:
app@lazarillo.cl
.
You may send Lazarillo other requests, responses, questions and complaints by email at
app@lazarillo.cl
.
Information that is being collected
Lazarillo allows you to use the Services only if you are registered. You can do this by introducing an email and creating a password or with your Facebook or Google account. Lazarillo will link all of your information with your account in accordance with this Privacy Policy. The categories of information collected by Lazarillo will include all or just some of the following, depending on how you choose to use the Services.
Whenever you use the Services, Lazarillo will collect:
Location and route information, for example in the form of GPS signals and other information sent by your mobile device on which the Application is installed and activated.  Lazarillo uses this location and route information to create a location history of the users journeys made while using the Application.
information about your use of the Services.  See “Meta-data that we collect”, below;
If you choose to use the Services in a manner detailed below, Lazarillo may also collect:
information that you choose to share with Lazarillo, including the email you’ve registered, reports associated with your user, “home” or “work”, other “favorites”, destinations you may travel to, search queries.  In addition, if you choose to opt in to the ‘find friends’ feature Lazarillo will collect:
periodically, all of the phone numbers which are stored on your device’s phone book. We only collect numbers in a form which is anonymous to Lazarillo, we will not collect names, addresses or other information from your device’s phone book. This information will be used as part of the ‘find friends’ feature to help find and create a list of other Lazarillo users who you may know and with whom you may wish to connect.
your phone number. Your phone number will be used to verify your account and as part of the ‘find friends’ feature to help find and create a list of other Lazarillo users who you may know and with whom you may wish to connect.
information required when setting up a username you have chosen, such as your name and gender.  Bear in mind that false, incorrect, or out-dated information may impair Lazarillo’s ability to provide you with the Services and to contact you when necessary. Lazarillo will explicitly indicate the fields for mandatory completion. If you do not enter the requisite data in these fields, you may not be able to set up a username; and/ or
information shared from your social network accounts. See “Integration with social networks”, below.
Please note that when you first install the Application on your mobile device, Lazarillo will set up an account associated with that mobile device (the “Account”).   Lazarillo will collect and use your information, in accordance with this Privacy Policy, whenever you activate the Application on that mobile device.  This use includes linking your information with your Account.
If you register in the Application:
Lazarillo will link all of your information with your Account and the registration name.  This includes information received from all mobile devices running the Application on which you have chosen to sign in using your username and password;
with the exception described in the bullet below, your Account and information associated with your Account will be visible only to Lazarillo; and
when using the Application, your approximate location and other information you may choose to contribute will be visible to other users associated with that account.
Uses of information
Lazarillo may use information collected from or provided by you for the following purposes:
to provide you with the Services. For example, Lazarillo may use your location and route information and/or search query history to provide navigation services and to provide information and advertisements about sites, shops and other places and attractions in your close vicinity, or that we believe, based on your search query history, you may find interesting.
to improve the experience of other users.  For example, Lazarillo may use your route information to improve the accuracy of its mapping and navigation data;
to provide you with support and handle requests and complaints;
to send you updates, notices, announcements, and additional information related to the Services;
to display or send to you marketing and advertising material when you are using the Application, in accordance with the section titled ‘Advertising Campaigns’ under this Privacy Policy. For example, Lazarillo may use your location information to display advertisements for businesses in your close vicinity;
subject to your prior indication of consent, we may also use the email address that you provide when setting up a username to send you marketing material.  At any time, you may choose not to receive such material by:
changing the email preferences in your Account accessed via the Website; or
clicking on the “Unsubscribe” link in the e-mail messages that we may send to you. In any case, Lazarillo will not knowingly share your personal information with any advertisers, without your explicit consent and as allowed for under this Privacy Policy;
to create aggregated and/ or anonymous data. See “How does Lazarillo use aggregated information”, below;
to conduct surveys and questionnaires;
to contact you when Lazarillo believes it to be necessary;
to comply with any applicable law and assist law enforcement agencies under any applicable law, when Lazarillo has a good faith belief that Lazarillo’s cooperation with the law enforcement agencies is legally mandated or meets the applicable legal standards and procedures;
to prevent fraud, misappropriation, infringements, identity theft and other illegal activities and misuse of the Services;
to handle breakdowns and malfunctions;
to take any action in any case of dispute, or legal proceeding of any kind between you and the Service, or between you and other users or third parties with respect to, or in relation with the Service;
for purposes provided under this Privacy Policy.
Please note that the email you choose to register will be used to identify you as your username when you use the Services.
You may also provide additional information that will be used to personalize the Services and enhance your experience with the Services. For example, if you provide us your “home” and “work” information or your favorite places to visit.
Our app use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
Google Play Services
Firebase
Firebase Analytics
Firebase Crashlytics
Facebook
Fabric
Further information may be collected when Lazarillo exchanges communications with you, for example, if you submit a request, contact Lazarillo’s support team, or report a violation to the abuse team.
Personal information that you share
In particular, users choose to share personal information such as name, their location information, places that they have visited, their ranking and reports. This information may be shared directly to the Service and to all users, such as in the case of reports of difficulties in the path. This information may also be shared via third party services (such as social networks) which interact with the Service upon such users’ choice.
The content that you share to all users is neither private nor confidential and you should not have any expectation of privacy with respect to it.
Information you upload will be posted along with other personal information.
You can decide whether or not to upload content to the Services. However, any content that you submit for posting, may be viewed by all users of the Services and by Lazarillo.
In any event (but except as detailed below with respect to information shared from your social network accounts according to your privacy settings for such social network accounts), your email address will not be visible to others through any reports or user posts that you share or upload.
We, at Lazarillo, take great measures to provide you with the best experience you can have while using the Service. However, Lazarillo has no control over the conduct of any user and disclaims all liability in this regard. Users are advised to carefully and thoroughly consider whether or not to make public or available any information.
Integration with social networks
You may choose to share information between your Account and your social network account (such as Facebook). Through this option, you may choose to have personal information and other content about you available from social networks, transmitted and shared through the Services. Similarly, you may choose to have personal information and other content about you available from Lazarillo, including your location and route information, transmitted to and shared through your social network account.
By setting your Account to integrate with social networks including by signing onto Lazarillo by using your social network account (such as your Facebook account), you agree to share information (including personal information) between Lazarillo and such social networks, for the purposes provided under this Privacy Policy.
The social network’s use of information made available by Lazarillo is governed by that social network’s privacy policy and controlled by the social network, not by this Privacy Policy or Lazarillo.
When you connect to the social network account through the Services for the first time or otherwise make the Services interact with your social network account, you will be asked to permit the social network to share your personal information stored on such social network with the Services.
Accordingly, we only collect such information which you allowed the social network(s) to share with third parties (such as your name, email address, other information you make publicly available via the applicable social network). You understand that the Services may access, make available and store (if applicable and as permitted by the third party social network and authorized by you) such information so that it is available on and through your Account.  For example, Lazarillo may allow you to share your location with your Facebook friends if friends permissions is granted, via the Application.
Meta-data that we collect
Lazarillo collects information about the use of the Services.  For example, Lazarillo may record the frequency and scope of your use of the Services, the duration of your sessions, information about the device on which you have installed the Application, the web pages that you visit via the Application, information that you read, content that you use or create, advertisements that you view or click on, your communications with other users and third parties, the Internet protocol (IP) address and the name of the domain that serve you to access the Services, and the geographic location of the computer system that you are using to log-in.
Accessing the Services
Lazarillo may also establish and require from time to time additional or different means of identification and authentication for logging in and accessing the Services or for accessing certain features or designated sections of the Services.
Your log-in details are your responsibility. You are fully accountable for any use or misuse of your Account and personal details as a result of conveying your details to someone else. You must maintain your log-in details in absolute confidentiality and avoid disclosing them to others.
Sharing information with others
Lazarillo does not sell, rent or lease your personal information to third parties.
Lazarillo will not share your personal information with others, without your consent, except for the following purposes and to the extent necessary in Lazarillo’s good-faith discretion:
as necessary for the operation of the Services.  For example, making public reports in the streets and which are associated with your name, last name, username and your location;
If Lazarillo is required, or reasonably believes that it is required by law to share or disclose your information;
In any case of dispute, or legal proceeding of any kind between you and Lazarillo or in relation with the Services;
In any case where Lazarillo reasonably believes that sharing information is necessary to prevent imminent physical damage or damage to property;
If Lazarillo organizes the operation of the Services within a different framework, or through another legal structure or entity, or if Lazarillo is acquired by, or merged into or with another entity, or if Lazarillo enters bankruptcy, provided however, that those entities agree to be bound by the provisions of this Privacy Policy, with respective changes taken into consideration;
For facilitating the Service.
To collect, hold and manage your personal information through cloud based or hosting services or a third party or a party affiliated or connected to Lazarillo, as reasonable for business purposes, which may be located in countries outside of your jurisdiction.
Lazarillo may also share personal information with companies or organizations connected or affiliated with Lazarillo, such as subsidiaries, sister-companies and parent companies. Personal information may also be shared with Lazarillo’s other partners and service providers to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with this policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
Controlling your personal information
Your location, favorite places or news are associated with your Account and email.
If you find that the information associated with your Account is not accurate, complete or updated, then you must make all necessary changes to correct it. Please keep in mind that false, incorrect, or outdated information may prevent you from setting up an account and impair the ability to provide you with Services.
How does Lazarillo use aggregated information?
Lazarillo may use anonymous, statistical or aggregated information (including anonymous location information), in a form that does not enable the identification of a specific user, to properly operate the Services, to improve the quality of the Services, to enhance your experience, to create new services and features, including customized services, to change or cancel existing content or service, and for further internal, commercial and statistical purposes.
Lazarillo may also use anonymous, statistical or aggregated information collected on the Services, in a form that does not enable the identification of a specific user, by posting, disseminating, transmitting or otherwise communicating or making available such information to users of the Services, to the Services’ providers, partners and any other third party.  For example, GPS information that we receive from your mobile device may be provided to map editors in an aggregated and/ or anonymous form to help improve the map and solve map problems.
Cookies
Lazarillo may use cookies on the Services. Cookies are packets of information sent by the Website’s servers to your web browser and then sent back by the browser each time it accesses the Website’s servers.
Lazarillo may use cookies for various purposes, such as to save you the need to re-enter your username and password each time you log-in, to facilitate the use of the Website, to collect statistical information, to verify information, and to customize the Website to your personal preferences and for information security purposes.
Some of the cookies may expire when the session ends and you exit your browser. Other cookies are saved on your computer’s hard drive. If you wish to block the Website’s cookies, then please use the help button in your browser and follow the necessary instructions. However, bear in mind that disabling cookies may complicate or even prevent your use of the Website, or certain features thereof.
Advertising campaigns
Lazarillo may permit, solicit or contract certain other companies to conduct advertising campaigns on the Services.
The information and advertisements that you see when accessing the Services may be targeted on the basis of:
geographic or contextual information which we collect from you;
How you set your preference in Lazarillo and your interaction
your search query history.
You hereby agree that we may provide such information and advertisements targeted on the basis of your search query history and other information like favorite places. However, if, when accessing the Services, you no longer wish to see information and advertisements from us targeted on the basis of your search query history or on the basis of information received from third party partners, you are able to opt out of such targeting in the settings of the Application.
When you visit a third party website from the Application, such third party may use cookies on your computer. The third party’s use of cookies is subject to their own privacy policies and not to this Privacy Policy.  If you wish to study the privacy policies of those third parties you should visit their services, or contact them directly.
The Service includes a messaging system which provides you the ability to receive marketing messages from us.  You hereby agree that we may use the messaging system for the purpose of informing you regarding products or services, which may interest you.
Please note however that other Lazarillo users are not allowed to use your contact details for commercial advertising purposes. If you have encountered any user generated advertising material, please inform us through the channels listed on the “About” menu in the Software or through the “Contact Us” or by email,
app@lazarillo.cl
. Lazarillo does not accept any liability for any loss, damage, cost or expense that you may suffer or incur as a result of or in connection with any user’s advertising material.
It is clarified that we are not responsible for the content of said advertisements and the products delivered or services rendered thereby by third parties and you irrevocably and unconditionally agree that we shall not be held responsible or liable in connection thereof.
Information Security
Lazarillo considers information security to be a top priority. Lazarillo implements systems, applications and procedures to secure your personal information, to minimize the risks of theft, damage, loss of information, or unauthorized access or use of information. However, these measures are unable to provide absolute assurance. Therefore, although Lazarillo takes great efforts to protect your personal information, Lazarillo cannot guarantee and you cannot reasonably expect that Lazarillo’s databases will be immune from any wrongdoings, malfunctions, unlawful interceptions or access, or other kinds of abuse and misuse.
Third party services are used for the development and operation of Lazarillo, which are listed below:
Firebase
For the correct operation of Lazarillo the application uses all the features offered by this platform. Lazarillo saves its own database with content in Firebase.
Foursquare
The API of this application is used to find nearby places together with the possibility of saving them in the user’s favorite section, the information is stored on the servers of the application.
Google Maps
Through the API of this platform there are addresses that are associated to specific places, the data is stored on the servers associated with the application.
OpenStreetMaps
Lazarillo stores in its servers all the data coming from this platform for the correct operation of the application.
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Request data deletion
If you want to delete your account in Lazarillo and your data Lazarillo had collect on your interaction you can request this to
delete@lazarillo.app
using the email account of your account, our support team will validate the inquiry and after 30 days your account and data link to your account will be delete. Aggregate data may be keep but not linked to the user account.
Service limitations
Lazarillo does not replace the use of the cane or the assistance of a guide dog.
Lazarillo is not an exact tool and is not responsible if the person undergoes accidents while using Lazarillo.
Lazarillo is not responsible for false information of places, coming from external databases, such as Google Maps, Foursquare, Openstreetmaps and a future public data source.
Lazarillo is only responsible for the information being reliable of places with the seal verified by Lazarillo, considering that it is always possible to have differences with its exact position.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Lazarillo may from time to time change the terms of this Privacy Policy. Substantial changes will take effect 30 days after Lazarillo has posted a:
system message to users notifying them of changes to the Privacy Policy; and
notification on the Website’s homepage with the new Privacy Policy.
Other changes will take effect 7 days after their initial posting on the Website. However, if Lazarillo amends this Privacy Policy to comply with legal requirements, the amendments will become effective immediately upon their initial posting, or as required.
You agree to be bound by any of the changes made in the terms of this Privacy Policy. Continuing to use the Services will indicate your acceptance of the amended terms. If you do not agree with any of the amended terms, you must avoid any further use of the Services.