Privacy Policy
Corrata respects the privacy of your personal information and is committed to protecting it. We recognize your need for appropriate protection and management of the personal information we learn about you while you visit our site or use our services. This Privacy Policy discloses our information gathering and dissemination process for our website. It outlines how your personal information may be processed and used and how we will protect that information. Your use of our website is governed by this Privacy Policy. This policy may change from time to time. All such updates will be published to this site. We will not use your personal information for marketing or any other purposes without your consent.
What does Corrata use Personal Information for?
We collect and use your personal information in order to provide you with convenient access to our products and services and to make our website more useful to you. The contact information we collect is used to deliver information about our Company, products and services and promotional material. This information will be used by Corrata for the purposes for which it was provided by you. When you submit personal information to Corrata, you agree that your information may be transferred across national boundaries and may be stored and processed in any country in which Corrata is located. Corrata does not share any personal information with third parties and will take reasonable steps to protect the information you share with us from unauthorized access or disclosure to third parties. However, Corrata will disclose your personal information without notice when it believes disclosure to be required by law or regulation, or necessary to protect or defend the rights or property of Corrata, the safety of the public or the users of its site.
Non-Identifying Information
We may collect information about our customers, partners, sales, traffic patterns and related site information. This information helps us evaluate and improve our site and is sometimes useful for marketing and investment analysis. We may share this information with reputable third parties, but only in aggregate statistical form that includes no personal identifying information.
Use of the Corrata Website
In general, you can visit the Corrata website without providing personal information, but there are times when we will request personal information such as contact details. The information that we receive depends on what you do during your visit.
Throughout this website you may have an opportunity to send us information relating to you such as through the ‘contact us’ pages or other areas where you may send emails, submit your CV, request updates or provide feedback. By choosing to participate in these, you will be providing us with some level of personal information relating to you.
A Cookie is a small piece of data that is sent to your Internet browser from a Web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive to allow sites to identify you. The use of cookies is common practice on many web sites. A cookie can’t read data off of your computer’s hard disk or read cookie files created by other web sites. Cookies do not damage your system. Corrata may place cookies on your computer to allow us to identify you. We may also use cookies to measure Web traffic, to offer you certain services and to customize your visit. However, if you do not wish to receive cookies, or want to be notified when they are placed, your browser may permit you to do so.