PRIVACY AND DATA POLICY
ISSUED BY DONUT PUBLISHING LTD
Last Updated: 8 July 2019
INTRODUCTION AND GENERAL TERMS
These terms apply to the use of games and other products developed by Donut Publishing Ltd (
‘Donut’
/ ‘
we
’ / ‘
us
’). Our registered office is at 264 Banbury Road, Oxford, England, OX2 7DY. We are a company registered in England, with company number 08453438.
This privacy and data policy (“
Privacy Policy
”) applies and has effect in respect of all games, related online services (including online network play connectivity and interactivity) and other software and products made available by us (together the “
Game(s)
“), as well as any other online features relating to the Games including our website (
http://donutpublishing.com/
) (the “
Website
”) and user support centre (
https://exientltd.atlassian.net/servicedesk/customer/portal/1
) (the “
Support Centre
“).  Together the Game(s), the Website and Support Centre are referred to as the “
Online Services
”.
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
UKGDPR@exient.com
Except where it may otherwise be expressly set out in the terms of use for our relevant Online Service, our Online Service is not directed at or marketed to users under the age of 13 and those aged under-13 should not use our Online Services.
We do not use our Online Services to knowingly solicit information from, or market or direct our Online Services to, those under the age of 13.
We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.  The Privacy Policy explains the basis on which personal information we collect from you will be processed by us or on our behalf. Where we decide the purpose or means for which personal data you supply through these Online Services is processed, we are the “data controller.” We will comply with all applicable data protection laws, including the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 and UK Data Protection Act 2018.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully as it contains important information about the following:
What information we may collect about you;
How we will use information we collect about you;
Whether we will disclose your details to anyone else; and
Your choices and rights regarding the personal information you have provided to us.
This Privacy Policy forms a part of and should be read in conjunction with our End User Licence Agreement, which can be viewed here:
http://donutpublishing.com/index.php/eula/
.
The Online Services may contain hyperlinks to services owned and operated by third parties. These third party services may have their own privacy policies and we recommend that you review them.  They will govern the use of personal information that you submit or which is collected by cookies and other tracking technologies whilst using these services.  We do not accept any responsibility or liability for the privacy practices of such third party services and your use of these is at your own risk.
We may make changes to this Privacy Policy in future, which will be posted on this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure you are aware of any changes. Where appropriate we may notify you of changes through the Games.
INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT ABOUT YOU
We collect and process the following information which may include your personal data.
Information provided by you when using the Games
(“
Basic Information
”)
We will collect, or you may submit, the following information when you play our Games:
§   your device’s unique device ID (Device ID);
§   your user preferences;
§   your first and last name;
§   your date of birth;
§   your gender;
§   your user name and password; and
§   core information milestones related to your gameplay of our Games, such as your overall progression  to  a particular level or stage, your virtual currency stores and virtual item and currency purchases (where applicable), the occurrence of Game events or the completion  of certain  activities  during your gameplay (for example, completing a tutorial, passing a level, making a purchase or viewing a video ad).
Information provided by you when contacting email support
(“Contact Information”)
We may ask you for, or you may submit, certain information to us whenever you contact us through the Support Centre, via social media, through the Games or via
info@donutpublishing.com
.
This may include:
your email address;
your name or username;
your IP address; and
any other information you include in your message.
Information used for the purposes of serving advertisements
(“Advertising Data”)
Through our third party advertising network partners, we may gather information about your devices when you install or play our Games or use our other Online Services, depending on the permissions you’ve granted. This may include:
the make, model and operating system of your device;
properties of your device, such as screen size and orientation, audio volume and battery;
the mobile network operator linked to your device;
the Games played;
the country, time zone and locale settings on your device (i.e. country and preferred language);
network connection type and speed;
IP Address;
Location information (based on your IP address);
Gameplay or other usage session timestamp and duration;
Your unique device identifier (UDID);
MAC address;
internet browser used to access the Games; and
milestones and events related to your gameplay of our Games and your in-Games purchase and behaviour (e.g. your purchases of virtual items and services);
advertising campaign information (e.g. whether you installed an advertiser’s app following an ad served by us, and other information that the third party advertiser may choose to share with us, such as about your purchases within the third party app and the number of times you use it);
Identifier for Vendors (IDFV), which is an identifier assigned to your device;
our user identifier number for you;
the Identifier for Advertisers (IDFA), which is an identifier assigned to your device; and
the advertiser ID, which is an identifier unique to you if you use an Apple or Android device, but which doesn’t reveal your name.
Information collected for the purposes of providing analytics
(“Analytics”)
We may collect technical information about your use of the Online Services through the use of tracking technologies and analytics.
Personal data we may collect includes the following:
your Device ID;
your user ID (which is generated by us and allocated to you when you first play our games);
your device operating system & version;
your device make and model;
game play attempts, progression and results;
session game time start, end and duration;
purchase transaction types and spend you have made using virtual items in the Games;
the country of your Device;
the time, date and install source of your first download (e.g. from a clicked advertisement);
advertisements viewed and clicked; and
identification of crashes and defects.
We use the following third party analytics providers
Localytics (
https://www.localytics.com/privacy-policy/
);
AppsFlyer (
https://www.appsflyer.com/privacy-policy/
);
DeltaDNA (
https://deltadna.com/privacy/
); and
Swrve (
https://www.swrve.com/company/privacy
).
The above third parties may collect analytics data on our behalf and in accordance with our instructions, and their applicable privacy notices. If you would like to find out more about the way in which the above third parties may collect and process this information please refer to their respective privacy policies and/or terms and conditions by clicking on the links provided above.
Information about you collected from third parties
(“Third Party Log In Information”)
When you access the Games via a third party social media provider such as Facebook, we may collect and store technical data relating to you in order to ensure the Games connect to the correct Facebook account.
WHY WE COLLECT INFORMATION ABOUT YOU
To provide our Games to you
We will use information about you (including Basic Information, Third Party Log In Information and Analytics) for delivering our Games to you under the terms of use agreed between us. The processing of information in this way is necessary for us to record your progress and current status within a Game, and to ensure the Games deliver the features promised and function properly, so that you have the best experience when playing any one of our Games.
To help us improve the Online Services and fix any problems
We may process information about you (including Basic Information and Analytics) so that we can analyse and improve our Games and Online Services.
This processing is also necessary for us to pursue our legitimate interests of (i) ensuring that our Online Services function properly so that you and other users have the best experience when playing any of our Game(s) and using the other Online Services; (ii) improving the quality of our Online Services, and providing a better experience to our users; (iii) identifying and correcting any bugs in the Games and Online Services and iv) understanding the effectiveness of our marketing to attract new users and re-engage our current users at an aggregated level.
To respond to your enquiries and requests for support
We may process Contact Information so that we are able to properly respond to your enquiries and support requests either via the Support Centre or through
info@donutpublishing.com
, in accordance with the terms of use agreed between us.
.
To improve the monetisation of the Games via in-app purchases
We may process information (including Basic Information, Advertising Data and Analytics) to understand how users use our Games, and to compile statistical reports regarding that activity, as well as understanding how users progress, and their current status within a Game. This processing is necessary for us to pursue our legitimate interests of improving the Games and increasing the amount of revenue generated via in-app purchases. This may include the implementation of dynamic pricing models, so that in-app purchases are priced according to relevant factors, such as location and gameplay progression so that we can offer temporary promotional discounts.
For advertising purposes
We may process Advertising Data to show you advertisements for third party services or our own products and services, e.g. In-app purchases (IAP); including advertising that may reward you with benefits during your use of the Games.
The information we collect about you may be used to understand how advertisements placed in our Games have performed or how many people have viewed certain advertisements. We aggregate this information so that it does not personally identify you or permit you to be treated individually. Where we process your Submitted Data for serving advertising to you which is untargeted (for example, display advertising which is not tailored to your perceived interests), we do so on the basis of our legitimate interests, being our commercial interests in generating revenues to support our business and our ability to make the Online Services available to you.
We may also use this information to reward users with benefits that can be used for further enjoyment of the Games from the viewing of certain advertising placed in our Games. We will not process your information for the purposes of marketing or pass your information on to third parties for the purposes of such marketing unless you give your consent or you have given it already. After you have given your consent, you may withdraw it at any time.
We or our trusted partners (including those partners set out in the tables in Clause 4 below) may use the information we collect about you to serve you with more relevant advertisements in our Online Services or on third party services.  The advertisements may be personalised to generate revenue for Donut.
We, and our partners and vendors, do this to provide you with more relevant advertising content that we think will be more interesting for you. We also consider the timings of when advertising content is presented to you, which may be determined by the processing of your data about your usage.
For these purposes, we work with the third party advertising networks, mediators and vendors as set out in the table of cookie and similar technology providers in Clause 4 below. If you would like to find out more about the way these third parties collect and process your information please refer to their respective privacy policies and/or terms and conditions by clicking on the links provided below.
To prevent fraud and illegal activity
We process personal data for our legitimate interests of ensuring that any use of the Online Services is lawful and non-fraudulent, does not disrupt the operation of our services, does not harass our staff or other individuals, to enforce our legal rights and to comply with our legal obligations.
Where we reasonably believe that you are or may be in breach of any applicable laws or our terms of use, we may use your personal information to inform relevant third parties such as your law enforcement agencies about the content.
We work with Apple and Google to assist us with fraud prevention and the detection of any illegal activity (e.g. to verify in-app purchases made through iTunes and Google Play).
To understand which publisher of our advertisements referred you to us
We process personal data, including without limitation the Basic Information and Analytics, so that we can understand which publisher of our advertisements referred you to us and, for example, to which advertisement and/or advertising or marketing campaign that referral related. This information is helpful for our purposes of understanding which marketing and advertisement activity is successful. We process this personal data on the basis of our legitimate interests, being our interests in promoting and improving our Games and their commercial success (including by improving our advertising and marketing).
To keep you up to date
Where you have consented, or where it is otherwise lawful for us to do so, we use your Submitted Information to send you emails in order to keep you informed about our news and products. You can withdraw your consent at any time by letting us know by email to: [insert email address].
Push notifications about our Game and similar notifications
Where you have consented or where it is otherwise lawful to do so, we may use your Submitted Information to send you ‘push notifications’ or in-service notifications (for example, on your device and in relation to the Game). The third party platform (i.e. your device provider such as Apple) is responsible for obtaining your consent to activities such as push notifications.
COOKIES AND SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT KIT (“SDKs”)
A cookie is a text file placed onto your device when you access our Website. We use cookies and other similar online tracking devices and technologies such as web beacons, Software Development Kit (“SDKs”) in our mobile Games and flash object storage to deliver, improve and monitor our Website, including in the following ways:
Analytics
To help us understand how you use our Website, and how often, so we can improve them to deliver a better experience for our users.
To carry out research and statistical analysis to help improve our content, products and services.
Advertising and marketing attribution
To help us to understand which advertising publisher referred you to us.
Advertising on our Online Service
To serve advertising to you on our Online Service.
Advertising out of our Online Service
To serve advertising to you on third party services.
Software Development Kit (“SDK”)
An SDK is a collection of software tools used for developing applications for a specific device. SDKs work to improve applications with advanced functionalities. We work with third parties providing SDKs in our mobile Games to improve track and analyse optimisation to enhance our Games and Online services. The third parties process data including technical information and engagement information such as dates and times, usage, duration and frequency by users of our Games. It may also include data relating to In-App purchase (IAP) and general information about the users interaction in the Games.
The information we obtain from our use of cookies will not usually contain your personal data. Although we may obtain information about your device such as your IP address, your browser and/or other internet log information, this will not usually identify you personally.
For our Website, a notice is displayed alerting you to our use of cookies and other similar technologies and linking to this privacy policy. If you use our Website after this notice has been displayed to you we will assume that you consent to our use of cookies or similar technologies for the purposes described in this privacy policy.
Please note that if you choose to disable cookies, or similar technologies, on your device you may be unable to make full use of our Website.
We work with the following third parties who may also set cookies or similar technologies such as SDKs on your device via our Online Services:
Name and description
Further information for you
Google Analytics, which we use to monitor how visitors use our Website. Google is responsible for the cookies they set on your device.
If you want to learn about how to opt out of Google’s use of cookies, please visit
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/
or your Google Ads Settings (
https://www.google.com/settings/u/0/ads/authenticated
). The Google Analytics terms of service can be accessed here:
www.google.co.uk/analytics/terms/us.html
. For further information please visit the website of the relevant third party.
Advert mediation services with third party advertising networks and to serve advertising to players in our Games.
Tapdaq (
https://www.tapdaq.com
)
Facebook Audience Network (
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
)
Admob (
https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads
or
https://policies.google.com/privacy
)
AppLovin (
https://www.applovin.com/privacy/
)
Vungle (
https://vungle.com/privacy/
)
TapJoy (
https://www.tapjoy.com/legal/#privacy-policy
)
Unity Ads (
https://unity3d.com/legal/gdpr
)
Google Play Games, in connection with providing you with platform-specific services relating to the Game.
For more information about Google’s data processing activities, you can visit their privacy policy here:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Adcolony, for analytics in our Games.
For more information about Adcolony data processing activities, you can visit their privacy policy here:
https://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/
Game of Whales for analytics and analysis in our mobile Games, to optimise game experience, increase monetization and provide tools for optimised communication with end users.
For more information about Game of Whales data processing activities, you can visit their privacy policy here:
https://www.gameofwhales.com/privacy-policy
If you would like to find out more about the way these third parties collect and process your information please refer to their respective privacy policies and/or terms and conditions by clicking on the links provided above.
DATA SHARING
We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this Privacy Policy
Group members, personnel, suppliers or subcontractors
: We keep your information confidential, but may disclose it to any member of our group (which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, as defined in section 1159 of the Companies Act 2006), our personnel, suppliers or subcontractors insofar as it is reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. However, this is on the basis that they do not make independent use of the information, and have agreed to safeguard it.
Merger or acquisition:
If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via, account message and/or a prominent notice on our website of any change in ownership or uses of this information, as well as any choices you may have regarding this information.
Required by law:
In addition, we may disclose your information to the extent that we are required to do so by law (which may include to government bodies and law enforcement agencies); in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings; and in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention).
Enforcement:
We may also disclose your personal information to third parties (e.g. mobile network operators, gaming platform operators, game console manufactures or networks) in order to enforce or apply the terms of agreements, to investigate potential breaches, or to protect the rights, property or safety of Donut, our customers, or others.
Digital Content Stores
: Where the Games are downloaded though platforms including without limitation Google Play and/or iTunes, we may disclose your personal information to those platforms for the purposes of facilitating any in-Game payments made through these platforms.
Support Centre
: We use a third party platform provider called Jira to manage any support requests, queries and issues raised by users via the Support Centre, via social media, through the Games or sent to
info@donutpublishing.com
. Further details about the way in which Jira may collect and process your information can be found in their privacy policy at
https://www.atlassian.com/legal/privacy-policy
.
CONSUMER CONTROL AND OPT-OUT OPTIONS
If you do not wish to receive promotional or other marketing material from us or third parties then you can opt-out by contacting us via
UKGDPR@exient.com
and let us know that you no longer wish to receive promotional or other marketing material from us or third parties.
If you are using an iOS device, you can opt out of personalised adverts by visiting
https://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT202074
For Android devices, you can visit
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en-GB
for information about opting out of personalised adverts.
We provide a link to the Website within the Games through which users can request the deletion of their personal data.
AUTOMATED DECISION MAKING
We may use automated decision-making methods without human involvement when processing your information, and shall do so only for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
We process Analytics data, using such methods in order to offer bespoke discounting of In- App purchases based on gameplay and use of our Games.
YOUR RIGHTS IN RELATION TO PERSONAL DATA WHICH WE PROCESS RELATING TO YOU
You have the following rights over the way we process personal data relating to you, as set out in the table below.  We aim to comply without undue delay, and within one month at the latest.
To make a request, please let us know by sending an email to
UKGDPR@exient.com
.
Ask for a copy of data we are processing about you and have inaccuracies corrected
You have the right to request a copy of the personal information we hold about you and to have any inaccuracies corrected.
We will use reasonable efforts to the extent required by law to supply, correct or delete personal information held about you on our files (and with any third parties to whom it has been disclosed to).
We provide a link to the Website within the Games through which users can request what personal data of theirs is being stored and also request us to amend such information.
Object to us processing data about you
You can ask us to restrict, stop processing, or to delete your personal data if:
§  you consented to our processing the personal data, and have withdrawn that consent;
§  we no longer need to process that personal data for the reason it was collected;
§  we are processing that personal data because it is in the public interest or it is in order to pursue a legitimate interest of Donut or a third party, you don’t agree with that processing, and there is no overriding legitimate interest for us to continue processing it;
§  the personal data was unlawfully processed;
§  you need the personal data to be deleted in order to comply with legal obligations;
§  the personal data is processed in relation to the offer of a service to a child.
Obtain a machine readable copy of your personal data, which you can use with another service provider
If we are processing data in order to perform our obligations to you, or because you consented, or if that processing is carried out by automated means, we will help you to move, copy or transfer your personal data to other IT systems.
If you request, we will supply you with the relevant personal data in in a commonly used, machine-readable and interoperable format. Where it is technically feasible, you can ask us to send this information directly to another IT system provider if you prefer.
Make a complaint to a Supervisory Authority
If you are unhappy with the way we are processing your personal data, please let us know by contacting us via the support services.
If you do not agree with the way we have processed your data or responded to your concerns, an alternative is to submit a complaint to a Data Protection Supervisory Authority. Contact information for the Information Commissioner’s Office, the UK’s independent authority setup to uphold information rights, is available here:
https://ico.org.uk/
.
DATA RETENTION
In accordance with data protection laws and good commercial practice, we do not retain data in a form that permits identification of the person(s) to who it relates for any longer than is necessary.
CHILDREN
We do not use our Online Services to knowingly solicit information from or market to children under the age of 13. Our terms of use prohibit users aged under 13 years from accessing our Online Services.  In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under 13 years of age we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13 years of age please contact us at
UKGDPR@exient.com
.
SECURITY
We will take all reasonable technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss misuse or alteration of your personal information. In particular, we will take precautions to protect against the accidental or unlawful destruction, loss or alteration, and unauthorised disclosure of or access to the personal data transmitted, stored or otherwise processed by us. For example, databases containing personal data are encrypted at rest and encrypted in transit. In addition, roll based user access control is used and where possible. We also use multi factor authentication, IP whitelisting and SSH Keys for additional protection.
Please be aware that, although we endeavour to provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS
Where you make in-Game purchases via iTunes or Google’s Play store, the confirmation that your purchase is valid as required by Apple or Google for such purchases will be processed using servers hosted in Singapore in the event that there is a problem with the servers hosted in Ireland.
The online Services are hosted by servers located at a data centre in France while our back up data is hosted by Amazon Web Services.
Where your personal data  is transferred  outside of the EEA to a territory not subject to an adequacy decision by the European Commission, we have agreements in place with the relevant parties which include either (i) standard data protection clauses adopted by the relevant data protection regulator and approved by the European Commission or (ii) standard data protection clauses adopted  by the European Commission to ensure that appropriate safeguards are used to protect your personal data. If you would like to find out more about these safeguards, please let us know by writing to
UKGDPR@exient.com
.
CONTACT INFORMATION
All questions, comments or enquiries should be directed to Donut at
UKGDPR@exient.com
.   We will endeavour to respond to any query or questions within three business days.
© 2019 Donut Publishing Ltd.  All trade marks are the property of the relevant owners. All rights reserved.