Asset 2
TECH
BAGS & WALLETS
WORK ESSENTIALS
GIFTING
COLLECTIONS
SHOP BY APPLE
NEW ARRIVALS
Privacy & Security Policy
This Privacy Policy is an electronic record in terms of Information Technology Act, 2000 including all its amendments and rules made thereunder as applicable and the amended provisions pertaining to electronic records in various statutes as amended by the Information Technology Act, 2000. This electronic record is generated by a computer system and does not require any physical or digital signatures.
This privacy policy is a legally binding document between FIRKI WHOLESALE PRIVATE LIMITED, Brand Name “DailyObjects” (hereinafter referred to as “us”, “we”, “Company” or DailyObjects) and the users (hereinafter referred to You /Your / Yourself). By using this Website including but not limited to Mobile Applications, you indicate that you understand, agree and consent to this privacy policy.
If you do not agree with the terms of this privacy policy, please do not use this Website. You hereby provide your unconditional consent or agreements to DailyObjects as provided under section 43A and section 72A of Information Technology Act, 2000.
COLLECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
As a visitor to the Site, when you use our Site, we collect and store your personal information from you. Our primary goal in doing so is for the purposes of provisioning our services.
You may use the Website without revealing any personal information about yourself. However to use our Site fully, you will need to register using our online registration form, where you may be required to provide us with your First and Last name, mobile number, email id, user id, password, Age and Gender of the user, Communication Address (official/residence/other), shipping information, product and service selections and other things that identify you. You always have the option to not provide information by choosing not to use a particular service or feature on the Site.
We collect personal data from you at several different points, including but not limited to the following:
In addition, we may collect certain information automatically including:
We use data collection devices such as 'cookies'' on certain pages of the Site to help analyze our web page flow and measure promotional effectiveness. A cookie is a piece of information that is stored on your computer's hard drive by your web browser which tracks your movements within websites. Our site uses cookies to keep track of how often you visit our site, the contents of your shopping cart, previous purchases and to deliver content specific to your interests. Most browsers are automatically set to accept cookies but usually you can alter the settings of your browser to prevent automatic acceptance. If you choose not to receive cookies, you may still use most of the features of our website, including the ability to purchase items.
This information may further include the URL that you just came from (whether this URL is on our site or not), which URL you next go to (whether this URL is on our site or not), your computer browser information, and your IP address.
In case of online payment services for the purchase of items, we further collect some additional information, such as a billing address, a credit/ debit card number and a credit/ debit card expiration date and/ or other payment instrument details.
If you send us personal correspondence, such as emails or letters, or if other users or third parties send us correspondence about your activities or postings on the Site, we may collect such information into a file specific to you.
Registration at our website as a Customer or correspond with us as a customer or prospective customer;
when you visit our website;
when you contact us for help;
when you provide us any feedback;
When we run an ad campaign for collection of data;
when you attend our customer conferences or webinars.
When we run an ad campaign for collection of data;
The Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer/Application to the internet;
Your mobile devices unique device ID;
Login; email; password; computer and connection information such as browser type and version, operating system, and platform;
We may further use software tools to measure and collect session information, including page response times, length of visit on our Website or Application, course and videos, page interaction information, and methods used to browse away from the page;
Personal information received from social networking sites through which the User has registered to the Website including name, profile picture, email address or friends list, and any information made public in connection with that social media service;
We further use an outside third-party payment gateway to bill you for the services. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any other purpose.
USE OF YOUR INFORMATION
The information obtained are used by us for our internal research on our users' demographics, interests, and behaviour to better understand, protect and serve our users. This information is compiled and analysed on an aggregated basis.
The personal information we collect allows DailyObjects to keep you posted on latest product announcements and upcoming events, including product launch, discounts, sale, confirmations, invoices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages. It also helps us to improve our services, content and advertising.
We may use your information to send important notices, such as communications and changes to our terms, conditions and policies.
To register for an account with us to build an application.
DISCLOSURE TO THIRD PARTIES
At times “DailyObjects” may make certain personal information available to strategic partners that work with “DailyObjects” to provide products and services, or that help “DailyObjects” market to customers, such as a credit card processing company to bill you for services or an email service provider to send out emails on our behalf. Personal information will only be shared by “DailyObjects” to provide or improve our products, services and advertising, however, it will not be shared with third parties for their marketing purposes. You shall be contacted for a confirmation on any of your personal information being shared with a third party and if you wish not to share any such information with the third party, “DailyObjects” shall respect such request.
INFORMATION SHARING
Your information may be shared by “DailyObjects” for the following purpose:
With its legal counsel or upon a law enforcement agency's request or in response to a legal process;
During Inspection and investigations, for prevention of any illegal activities or suspected fraud;
Violations of any of the terms of the Privacy Policy and to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing the Website or its Applications and applicable laws or as otherwise required or permitted by law or as consistent with the legal requirements of India;
To operate its systems properly; or
To protect other Website users; or
With third party subcontractors solely for the purpose of or in connection with the services, who are contractually bound to protect your information from unauthorized use or transfer.
Additionally, in the event of reorganization, bankruptcy, merger, or sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company, we may transfer any and all personal information we collect to the relevant third party. You will have the opportunity to opt out of any such transfer if the new entity's planned processing of your information differs materially from that set forth in this Privacy Policy.
SECURITY
When you place orders or access your account information, we offer the use of a secure server. The secure server software (SSL) encrypts all information you put in before it is sent to us. Furthermore, we keep and collect your data protected against unauthorized access. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure correct use of information, we will employ reasonable security practices and procedures and current Internet security methods and technologies in compliance with Information Technology Act, 2000 and rules made there under. However, no security measures are 100% safe on Internet.
CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
We do not knowingly attempt to solicit or receive any information from anyone under the age of 18 years. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal data, please contact us immediately. We will not differentiate between who is using the device to access the Website or Mobile application, so long as the log in/access credentials match with yours.
RETENTION OF DATA
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by Indian law, your information is needed to provide you services, or as required to fulfil our legal obligations.
If you wish to delete your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services kindly fill the form or contact us at privacy@dailyobjects.com / support@dailyobjects.com. All personal data (Including but not limited to name, email, phone, address, gender etc.), except as otherwise required by law, will be deleted within 90 days of such request.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time by posting a new version. DailyObjects encourages you to review this policy regularly for any changes. It is your responsibility to review this Privacy Policy periodically as your continued use of this website and our services represents your agreement with the current Privacy Policy.
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION
In the event of any dispute arising between the parties with respect to this Policy, the same shall be referred to the sole arbitrator and the arbitration shall be in accordance with Arbitration and Conciliation Act of 1996. The seat and place of arbitration shall be at Gurgaon, India and the decision of the Arbitrator shall be final and binding on both parties herein. The language of arbitration proceeding shall be English.
This contract shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of courts in New Delhi, India and shall be governed by the Indian laws.
GRIEVANCES REDRESSAL
Any report of violation of breach of privacy, Information or identify theft or grievances in relation to the Information shared, collected, stored or disseminated by in relation to the Website shall be communicated to the grievance officer. Our Grievance Officer shall undertake all reasonable efforts to address your grievances at the earliest possible opportunity. In accordance with Information Technology Act 2000 and rules made there under, the name and contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below:
Grievance Officer
: Mr. Pankil Garg
Address
: 12/1 Infocity 1 Sector 34, Gurugram, HR, 122004, India
Email:
grievances-redressal@dailyobjects.com
NODAL OFFICER
In accordance with Consumer Protection (E-Commerce) Rules, 2020 notified vide notification dated July 23, 2020 under Consumer Protection Act, 2019 (Act), the name and contact details of the Nodal officer (Resident in India) are provided below:
Grievance Officer
: Mr. Pankil Garg
Address
: 12/1 Infocity 1 Sector 34, Gurugram, HR, 122004, India
Email:
grievances-redressal@dailyobjects.com
MORE TOPICS
ORDERS
RETURNS
PAYMENTS
REFUNDS
CANCELLATION
HELP CENTER
NEED MORE HELP
Here's how you can reach out to us
Call
: 8010667667
WhatsApp
: 91187 52752
Email
: support@dailyobjects.com
For all communications against raised tickets, please check your registered email ID