Privacy Policy
At Pocket Informant, your right to privacy is one of our primary concerns. This Privacy Policy describes the guidelines we use to protect the information we collect about you during your visit to our web site, our support site, and from our services.
Informant Sync
We take security of your data very seriously. Our servers are run on the Google App Engine service which ensure automatic scalability and security. All communication with the server is via SSL. Passwords are encrypted. The platform our servers run on have received SSAE-16 security certification which they have to re-certify and audit yearly. All data is encrypted at the server and in transmission.
Location Permissions and Use
If you grant permission for your location to be accessed, it will be used for the weather feature as well as the location field in events and tasks. The location is only accessed while you are using the app, unless you select the automatic option in weather settings.
Information we collect
At various times, we may requests personal information. This can be done while you are visiting our website or requesting support. Information we collect may include your name, address, telephone number, and email address. We do not store credit card info. We may use merchant services that store credit information for automatic subscription renewals. For example, Apple stores your credit information.
Furthermore during troubleshooting or support we may ask you to send us logging or databases. These logs contain behavioral information on what our software did in an audit-trail fashion to allow us to determine errors in logic or how we handle specific points of data. In some cases we may ask for databases to be able to test issues we cannot reproduce. These logs will also contain raw descriptions of database fields that include event, task, note information from your database.
Information Accessible by our apps
If you setup the “email-to-task” feature the Informant app will have access to your emails. You control this access.
If you connect Informant to your Calendar or Task account, Informant will have the ability to edit/update/delete/create Events and Tasks. This is all done strictly by your input as a user. You control this access.
If you allow access to your contacts, Informant will have the ability to create/read/update/delete your contacts. You control this access.
What we do with this information
The requests for information allow Fanatic to provide services you have requested or to enhance your experience while visiting us or for support.
We will not sell your private information to any outside company for its use in marketing or solicitation. Fanatic may disclose your information in certain cases where we have your permission or under special circumstances, such as when we believe it is required by law, or .
Fanatic only sends newsletters and marketing emails to subscribers of our opt-in mailing lists. We do not send pure marketing emails to users who subscribe to our forums or who request support.
Fanatic may also use customer information on an aggregate basis to better understand our users and to improve our services. Aggregate statistics may also be disclosed to potential advertisers and/or business partners.
Information provided for troubleshooting and support purposes such as logs and databases are deleted locally from machines after being used to solve the problem. They may stay on various server backups as our service providers (Helpshift and Google App Engine for email) policies allow. Usually the period is for 3 months as backups are rotated.
If you do not desire for Fanatic to access private information in these logs/databases but you do require support, you may send yourself the logs and databases (in SQLite format usually), edit out the private information before sending to us.
The use of “cookies”
Fanatic does use cookies. Cookies are small information files stored by your browser on your hard drive that allow us to provide advanced features such as personalization and shopping carts. If you wish, you can change your browser settings to disable cookies, but please note that cookies must be enabled on your browser in order to make a purchase at eSellerate and participate in our forums.
Your consent
By visiting and purchasing products through Pocketinformant.com web site, you consent to the collection and use of the information described above by Fanatic. We may periodically modify our privacy policy and will post any changes on this page so you can always be up to date on the information we collect and how we use it.
We reserve the right to update this policy, and changes will be posted here.
Fanatic Software is a DBA of Complete XRM, inc  the
complete privacy policy can be found here
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.pocketinformant.com/privacy-policy-full/:
Notice
:  Function _load_textdomain_just_in_time was called
incorrectly
. Translation loading for the
woocommerce-serial-key
domain was triggered too early. This is usually an indicator for some code in the plugin or theme running too early. Translations should be loaded at the
init
action or later. Please see
Debugging in WordPress
for more information. (This message was added in version 6.7.0.) in
/opt/bitnami/apps/wordpress/htdocs/wp-includes/functions.php
on line
6114
Privacy Policy – Full – Pocket Informant
Support
My Account
My Cart
0 Items
Privacy Policy – Full
by
Keith
|
May 24, 2018
|
Blog
The Simple Version:
We want to help you be more organized & more productive.
We take extraordinary precautions to protect your data.
We follow the best practices that help us and our customers maintain compliance with things like GDPR and other similar laws.
We don’t sell your information.
We don’t share your information with others, except as necessary to perform our services such as processing payments with a credit card processor, or syncing your data as directed by you.
You own and control the data you put in our system. You can have it back any time. You can delete the data, you can change the data.
If you want us to stop emailing you, just ask & we will stop.
The Legal-ese Version:
Your Privacy Matters
Our mission is to help individuals and business be more productive, organized, and successful. Central to this mission is our commitment to be transparent about the data we collect about you, how it is used and with whom it is shared.
This Privacy Policy applies when you use our Services (described below). We offer our users choices about the data we collect, use and share as described in this Privacy Policy, Cookie Policy, Settings and our Help Center.
Fanatic Software is a DBA of Complete XRM, inc.  Complete XRM, inc, (“
CXRM
”, “
us
”, “
our
” or “
we
”), owns, operates, or provides access to, several interactive websites, mobile and connected applications, and other online interactive features and services, including, but not limited to, emails, newsletters, blogs, forums, communities, and contests (collectively “
Services
”). This Privacy Policy applies to all information collected about you by Complete XRM,inc, regardless of how it is collected or stored, and describes, among other things, the types of information collected about you when you interact with the Services, how your information may be used, when your information may be disclosed, how you can control the use and disclosure of your information, and how your information is protected.
This Privacy Policy applies to any Member or Visitor to our Services. Members includes Subscribers, or purchasers of our software or visitors to our websites including:
PlanPlusOnline.com
PocketInformant.com (Informant for iOS, Informant for Android, Informant for macOS, Informant Sync, Informant Sync for Outlook)
Fanatic Software
KPIFire.com
EBSuite.com
CRMRealestate.com
We use the term “Designated Countries” to refer to countries in the European Union (EU), European Economic Area (EEA), and Switzerland.
Data Controllers, Data Processors,  and Contracting Parties
If you reside inside or outside of the Designated Countries: Complete XRM, inc will be the controller of your personal data provided to us, or collected by or for, or processed in connection with, our Services; you are entering into the User Agreement with Complete XRM, inc.
If you reside in the “Designated Countries” and are using our services to collect personal data of citizens of Designated Countries, you may also be considered a Data Controller and subject to certain GDPR Regulations.
As a Visitor to our sites or Member of our Services, the collection, use and sharing of your personal data is subject to this Privacy Policy (which includes our Cookie Policy and other documents referenced in this Privacy Policy) and updates.
Change
Changes to the Privacy Policy apply to your use of our Services after the “effective date.”  Complete XRM, inc (“we” or “us”) can modify this Privacy Policy, and if we make material changes to it, we will provide notice through our Services, or by other means, to provide you the opportunity to review the changes before they become effective. If you object to any changes, you may close your account. You acknowledge that your continued use of our Services after we publish or send a notice about our changes to this Privacy Policy means that the collection, use and sharing of your personal data is subject to the updated Privacy Policy.
Services
This Privacy Policy including our Cookie applies to our Services and to your use of our Services
We provide productivity software for individuals and businesses for devices and from cloud based servers. Users of our software organize their own information which may include personal information or personal information about others. We don’t control what information you put into our system, so you should take necessary precautions to ensure your own compliance with required laws.
Data We Collect
Data You Provide To Us: You may provide certain personal data to create an account with us.
Registration (Pocket Informant ONLY)
To create an Informant Sync account you must provide us with an email address and password. You do not need to provide any information to us to use our products if purchased through Apple or Google.
You may send other data to us, such as by syncing your address book or calendar.
Other Forms of data we collect:
We collect personal data from you when you complete a webform where we offer a free download of a pdf, video, or other content. We do this to provide you with more relevant information and to determine which additional services you might be interested in.
If you sync your contacts or calendars  or tasks with our Services, we may collect sync logs for the purposes of troubleshooting and ensuring quality.
You don’t have to post or upload personal data; though if you don’t, it may limit which of our services you may benefit from.
Data From Others: Others may collect data about you.
Users of our Services may collect personal data of people they come in contact with, that may be you.
Contact and Calendar Information: We receive personal data (including contact information) about you when others import or sync their contacts or calendar with our Services, or if you use a form built with our service.
We provide ways for each of our subscribers to search for data by contact name or email address so you may request directly from them to be removed from our databases via their access.
Since we don’t spy on our customers databases, we really don’t have any way to tell you if your name is in one of our customers databases. You would need to contact them directly.
Service Usage:
We log your visits and use of our Services, including mobile apps.
We log usage data when you visit or otherwise use our Services. We use log-ins, cookies, device information and internet protocol (“IP”) addresses to identify you and log your use. We do this to protect your account identify and integrity and to monitor our services for quality and potential unusual usage that could indicate.
Apple Devices: Apple provides options to exclude tracking of usage information, some of the items we disclosed here may not apply to you on apple devices if you have disabled tracking.
Cookies, Web Beacons and Other Similar Technologies
We collect data through cookies and similar technologies.
As further described in our Cookie Policy, we use cookies and similar technologies (e.g., web beacons, pixels, ad tags and device identifiers) to recognize you and/or your device(s) on, off and across different Services and devices such as Google Adwords, Facebook Ads, and Linkedin Ads. . We also allow some others to use cookies as described in our Cookie Policy. You can control cookies through your browser settings and other tools. You can also opt-out from our use of cookies and similar technologies that track your behavior on the sites of others for third party advertising.
We may not be able to stop you from seeing ads that we place on a particular network, but we do allow you to request an unsubscribe
https://www.planplusonline.com/services/contact-us/
. By completing this form you can request your email address and all related data be deleted from our system and also added to our unsubscribe lists which we will also remove from our 3rd Party advertising platforms where possible.
Your Device and Location
We receive data from your devices and networks, including location data.
When you visit or leave our Services, we may receive the URL of both the site you came from and the one you go to next. We also get information about your IP address, proxy server, operating system, web browser and add-ons, device identifier and features, and/or ISP or your mobile carrier. If you use our Services from a mobile device, that device will send us data about your location based on your phone settings. We will ask you to opt-in before we use GPS or other tools to identify your precise location.
Other
We are improving our Services, which means we get new data and create new ways to use data.
Our Services are dynamic, and we often introduce new features, which may require the collection of new information. If we collect materially different personal data or materially change how we use your data, we will notify you and may also modify this Privacy Policy.
How We Use Your Data
We use your data to provide, support, personalize and develop our Services.
How we use your personal data will depend on which Services you use, how you use those Services and the choices you make in your settings. We use the data that we have about you to provide and personalize, including with the help of automated systems and inferences we make, our Services so that they can be more relevant and useful to you and others.
Services
Our Services are intended to help you stay organized and be more organized and productive.
We use your data to authorize access to our Services.
Stay Informed: Many of our free services on our blogs include information and tips that help you stay organized, or become a better leader.
Communications
We may contact you through email, phone, notices posted on our websites or apps, messages on social media pages, and other ways through our Services, including text messages and push notifications. We will send you messages about the availability of our Services, security, or other service-related issues. We also send messages about how to use the Services, network updates, reminders and promotional messages from us and our partners. You may change your communication preferences at any time. Please be aware that you cannot opt-out of receiving service messages from us, including security and legal notices.
Marketing
We promote our Services to you and others.
We use data about your preferences including links to content or products that you have clicked on or visited in the past to provide you with more relevant messages and ads.
Developing Services and Research.
We develop our Services and conduct research.
Service Development.
We use data, including public feedback, to conduct research and development for the further development of our Services in order to provide you and others with a better, more intuitive and personalized experience, drive membership growth and engagement on our Services, and to promote productivity.
Customer Support.
We use data to help you and fix problems.
We use the data (which can include your communications) to investigate, respond to and resolve complaints and Service issues (e.g., bugs). You understand that if you share a log file with us, there may be personal information in it. Our policy is to delete log files older than 90 days unless in the case of valid reason for keeping them.
Aggregate Insights
We use data to generate aggregate insights.
We use your data to produce and share aggregated insights that do not identify you. For example we may use your data to generate statistics about overall productivity or goal types that we share with our members.
Security and Investigations
We use data for security, fraud prevention and investigations.
We use your data if we think it’s necessary for security purposes or to investigate possible fraud or other violations of our User Agreement or this Privacy Policy and/or attempts to harm our Members or Visitors.
How We Share Information
Our Services
Any data that you put into your account is yours. We do not claim ownership of your data, and we do not use your data for purposes other than providing the services to you.
Service Providers
We may use others to help us provide you with our Services.
We use others to help us provide our Services (e.g., payment processing, application hosting, maintenance, analysis, audit, fraud detection, marketing and development). They may  have access to your information as reasonably necessary to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for other purposes.
Legal Disclosures
We may need to share your data when we believe it’s required by law or to help protect the rights and safety of you, us or others.
It is possible that we will need to disclose information about you when required by law, subpoena, or other legal process or if we have a good faith belief that disclosure is reasonably necessary to (1) investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities or to assist government enforcement agencies; (2) enforce our agreements with you, (3) investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations, (4) protect the security or integrity of our Service (such as by sharing with companies facing similar threats); or (5) exercise or protect the rights and safety of our company, our Members, personnel, or others. We attempt to notify Members about legal demands for their personal data when appropriate in our judgment, unless prohibited by law or court order or when the request is an emergency. We may dispute such demands when we believe, in our discretion, that the requests are overbroad, vague or lack proper authority, but we do not promise to challenge every demand.
Change in Control or Sale
We may share your data when our business is sold to others, but it must continue to be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
We can also share your personal data as part of a sale, merger or change in control, or in preparation for any of these events. Any other entity which buys us or part of our business will have the right to continue to use your data, but only in the manner set out in this Privacy Policy unless you agree otherwise.
Your Choices & Obligations
Data Retention
We keep most of your personal data for as long as your account is open.
Rights to Access and Control Your Personal Data
You can access or delete your personal data. You have many choices about how your data is collected, used and shared.
We provide many choices about the collection, use and sharing of your data, from deleting or correcting data you include in your profile and controlling the visibility of your posts to advertising opt-outs and communication controls. We offer you settings to control and manage the personal data we have about you .
Archive: In order to help customers who might accidentally delete data, In most cases when you mark an item for Delete or make it inactive, we keep it in the database in a Recycle bin. You may have an option to restore this data. If you would like to have your information permanently deleted from our servers you can request this via our support portal. https://webis.helpshift.com/a/pocket-informant/
For personal data that we have about you:
Delete Data: You can ask us to erase or delete all or some of your personal data (e.g., if it is no longer necessary to provide Services to you).
Change or Correct Data: You can edit some of your personal data through your account. You can also ask us to change, update or fix your data in certain cases, particularly if it’s inaccurate.
Object to, or Limit or Restrict, Use of Data: You can ask us to stop using all or some of your personal data (e.g., if we have no legal right to keep using it) or to limit our use of it (e.g., if your personal data is inaccurate or unlawfully held).
Right to Access and/or Take Your Data: You can ask us for a copy of your personal data and can ask for a copy of personal data you provided in machine readable form.
Residents in the Designated Countries may have additional rights under their laws.
Account Closure.
We keep some of your data even after you close your account.
If you choose to close your account, we generally delete closed account information within 30 days of account closure, except as noted below.
We retain your personal data even after you have closed your account if reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations (including law enforcement requests), meet regulatory requirements, resolve disputes, maintain security, prevent fraud and abuse, enforce our User Agreement, or fulfill your request to “unsubscribe” from further messages from us. We will retain de-personalized information after your account has been closed.
Other Important Information
Security
We monitor for and try to prevent security breaches. Please use the security features available through our Services.
We implement security safeguards designed to protect your data, such as HTTPS. We regularly monitor our systems for possible vulnerabilities and attacks. However, we cannot warrant the absolute security of any information that you send us. There is no guarantee that data may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards. Cross-Border Data Transfers
We may store and use your data outside your country.
We process data both inside and outside of the United States and rely on legally-provided mechanisms to lawfully transfer data across borders. Learn more. Countries where we process data may have laws which are different, and potentially not as protective, as the laws of your own country.
Lawful Bases for Processing
We have lawful bases to collect, use and share data about you. You have choices about our use of your data.
At any time, you can withdraw consent you have provided by going to settings. https://www.planplusonline.com/services/contact-us/
We will only collect and process personal data about you where we have lawful bases. Lawful bases include consent (where you have given consent), contract (where processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you (e.g. to deliver the Services you have requested)) and “legitimate interests”. Learn more.
Where we rely on your consent to process personal data, you have the right to withdraw or decline your consent at any time and where we rely on legitimate interests, you have the right to object. Learn More. If you have any questions about the lawful bases upon which we collect and use your personal data, please contact our Data Protection Officer here.
https://webis.helpshift.com/a/pocket-informant/
Direct Marketing and Do Not Track Signals
Our statements regarding direct marketing and “do not track” signals.
We currently do not share personal data with third parties for their direct marketing purposes without your permission.
Contact Information
You can contact us or use other options to resolve any complaints.
If you have questions or complaints regarding this Policy, please first contact us via our support helpdesk. You can also reach us by physical mail. If contacting us does not resolve your complaint, you have more options. Residents in the Designated Countries may also have the right to contact our Data Protection Officer here.
https://www.planplusonline.com/services/contact-us/
Cart
Recent Posts
Stick to Your New Year’s Resolutions with Pocket Informant🎉
January 21, 2025
🎄How to Use Pocket Informant to Organize Your Magical Christmas Holiday🎅
November 26, 2024
Mastering Black Friday Shopping with Pocket Informant
November 22, 2024
Unlocking Productivity: How Pocket Informant Can Transform Your Daily Life
May 29, 2024
How Pocket Informant could have saved me money: A cautionary tale.
April 3, 2024
🥜We’re NUTS about Pocket Informant🥜
March 7, 2024
Mastering National Get Organized Month with Pocket Informant
January 31, 2024
💕Pocket Informant: Your Secret Weapon for an Organized Valentine’s Day💕
January 31, 2024
Achieving Your New Year’s Resolutions with Pocket Informant: A Comprehensive Guide
January 9, 2024
Holiday Stress Management: A Heart-Healthy Approach with Pocket Informant
November 21, 2023
GTD (Getting Things Done) made easy with Pocket Informant
November 8, 2023
Pocket Informant: The Ultimate Time-Management Tool⏰
October 4, 2023