RESTAURANTDIARY.COM LIMITED, incorporated in Scotland (Registered No. SC258100) with its registered office at 36 Renfield Street, Glasgow, Scotland, G2 1LU and/or its Affiliates (as the case may be) (“ResDiary”, “We”, “Us”, “Our”) understands that your privacy is important to you and that you care about how your Personal Data is used. We respect and value the privacy of everyone who visits Our Sites, including https://www.resdiary.com/ and https://www.dishcult.com and will only collect and use Personal Data in ways that are described here, and in a way that is consistent with Our obligations and your rights under the law.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully and ensure that you understand it. If you do not accept and agree with this Privacy Policy, you must stop using Our Site immediately.
In this Policy the following terms shall have the following meanings:
“Affiliate”
means an entity which controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, a party, and control means the ability to vote 50% or more of the voting securities of any entity or otherwise having the ability to influence and direct the polices and direction of an entity
“Account”
means an account required to access and/or use certain areas and features of Our Site;
“Cookie”
means a small text file placed on your computer or device by Our Site when you visit certain parts of Our Site and/or when you use certain features of Our
Site. Details of the Cookies used by Our Site are set out in Part 14, below; and
“Cookie Law”
means the relevant parts of the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003 and any variation, supplementation replacement, modification, amendment or re-enactment thereof;
“Data Controller”, “Data Processor”, “Personal Data” “processing”, and “data subject”
shall have the meanings given to them in the Privacy Legislation;
“GDPR”
means the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679);
“Privacy Laws”
means (1)in relation to the Commonwealth of Australia, the Australian Privacy Act 1988 and (2) in relation to the European Union, the GDPR and laws implementing or supplementing the GDPR; and Directive 2002/58/EC concerning the processing of Personal Data and the protection of privacy in the electronic communications sector in the European Union; and (4) in respect of the United Kingdom, the UK GDPR and the Data Protection Act 2018 in each case, as may be amended, superseded or replaced and all applicable laws and regulations relating to the processing of Personal Data and privacy in the European Union and the United Kingdom and the Commonwealth of Australia and all other applicable laws, rules and regulations and, where applicable, guidance and codes of practice issued by any relevant data protection supervisory authority or authorities relating to the Processing of Personal Data and data privacy or data protection that may exist in any relevant jurisdiction;
“Sites”
means Our Websites including www.ResDiary.com and www.DishCult.com;
“UK GDPR”
means the retained EU law version of the GDPR, as it forms part of the law of England and Wales, Scotland, and Northern Ireland by virtue of section 3 of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018;
2.1 Our Sites are owned and operated by Us.
2.2 Our ICO Reference Number is ZA865655.
2.3 Our Data Protection Officer is Scott Simpson, and can be contacted by email at dpo@resdiary.com, or by post at 36 Renfield Street, Glasgow, G2 1LU.
This Privacy Notice applies only to your use of:
3.1. Our Sites. Our Sites may contain links to other websites. Please note that We have no control over how your data is collected, stored, or used by other websites and We advise you to check the Privacy Notices of any such websites before providing any data to them;
3.2. ResDiary apps, including the ResDiary Now and DishCult smartphone app;
3.3. A restaurant’s own website and social media using ResDiary’s booking technology;
3.4. Third party sites that use Our reservations software (e.g. Squaremeal).
4.1.Personal Data is as ‘any information relating to an identifiable person who can be directly or indirectly identified in particular by reference to an identifier’.
4.2. Personal Data is, in simpler terms, any information about you that enables you to be identified. Personal Data covers obvious information such as your name and contact details, but it also covers less obvious information such as identification numbers, electronic location data, and other online identifiers.
Under the Data Protection Legislation, you have the following rights, which We will always work to uphold:
5.1. The right to be informed about Our collection and use of your Personal Data. This Privacy Notice should tell you everything you need to know, but you can always contact Us to find out more or to ask any questions using the details in Part 15.
5.2. The right to access the Personal Data We hold about you. Part 13 will tell you how to do this.
5.3. The right to have your Personal Data rectified if any of your Personal Data held by Us is inaccurate or incomplete. Please contact Us using the details in Part 15 to find out more.
5.4. The right to be forgotten, i.e. the right to ask Us to delete or otherwise dispose of any of your Personal Data that We hold. Please contact Us using the details in Part 15 to find out more.
5.5. The right to restrict (i.e. prevent) the processing of your Personal Data.
5.6. The right to object to Us using your Personal Data for a particular purpose or purposes.
5.7. The right to withdraw consent. This means that, if We are relying on your consent as the legal basis for using your Personal Data, you are free to withdraw that consent at any time.
5.8. The right to data portability. This means that, if you have provided Personal Data to Us directly, We are using it with your consent or for the performance of a contract, and that data is processed using automated means, you can ask Us for a copy of that Personal Data to re-use with another service or business in many cases.
5.9. Rights relating to automated decision-making and profiling.
For more information about Our use of your Personal Data or exercising your rights as outlined above, please contact Us using the details provided in Part 15.
It is important that your Personal Data is kept accurate and up-to-date. If any of the Personal Data We hold about you changes, please keep Us informed as long as We have that data.
Further information about your rights can also be obtained from the Information Commissioner’s Office or your local Citizens Advice Bureau.
If you have any cause for complaint about Our use of your Personal Data, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office. We would welcome the opportunity to resolve your concerns Ourselves, however, so please contact Us first, using the details in Part 15.
6.1. Depending upon your use of Our Sites, We may collect and hold some or all of the personal and non-Personal Data set out in the table below, using the methods also set out in the table. Please also see Part 14 for more information about Our use of Cookies and similar technologies.
6.2. In connection with your registration, booking, or making a payment to a restaurant on Our Sites, ResDiary collects Personal Data.
6.3. When you make a booking ResDiary collects information such as:
6.3.1. title
6.3.2. name
6.3.3. e-mail address
6.3.4. home or work address
6.3.5. billing information taken for deposits, ticketing or holding credit card information for use in the case of no-shows (where applicable)
6.3.6. telephone number
6.3.7. company name
6.3.8. special requests
6.3.9. marketing preferences (whether you opt-in or opt-out)
6.3.10. marketing responses (where applicable)
6.3.11. survey responses (where applicable)
6.4.When you make a booking, We do not proactively collect Personal Data considered as sensitive Personal Data such as health-related information. However, Our Sites include text boxes which are designed for you to provide information you wish on dining preferences.
6.5. Incomplete bookings:
6.5.1. ResDiary will capture Personal Data and opt-in preferences in the booking process. This is the case for incomplete bookings. When you make a booking, opt into marketing, agree to the Terms and Conditions of the booking, but exit the booking process before making a deposit on the booking, you are still opted into marketing, despite being marked as an incomplete booking.
6.6. When you sign up to create a ResDiary profile:
6.6.1. This refers to when you click Sign Up on any Site. ResDiary collects the above information in the “When you make a booking” section and additional information such as:
6.6.1.1.ZIP code or postcode
6.6.1.2. age
6.6.1.3. gender
6.6.1.4. interests and favorites
6.6.1.5. account settings
6.6.1.6. demographics
6.6.1.7. current and past restaurant reservation details
6.6.1.8. favourite restaurants
6.6.1.9. special restaurant requests
6.6.1. 10. dining activity (e.g. frequency, restaurants, restaurant type, meal type, cancellations, no-shows)
6.6.1.11. dining preferences
6.7. When you access Our Sites: There is “Device Information” about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by ResDiary. This information can include:
6.7.1. device type (e.g. mobile, computer, laptop, tablet)
6.7.2. cookies
6.7.3. operating system
6.7.4. IP address
6.7.5. browser type
6.7.6. browser information (e.g., type, language, and history)
6.7.7. domain names
6.7.8. access times
6.7.9. settings
6.7.10. referring website addresses
6.7.11. other data about your device to provide the services as otherwise described in this policy.
6.8 Location information
6.8.1. If you use Our services, we may receive your generic location (such as city or neighbourhood) or, with your consent, precise geographic location data from your mobile device when the ResDiary Applications are running and when they are not running. We may, for example, receive this information when you select restaurant search locations.
6.9 If you register a payment card via the reservation services made available by ResDiary through the website at
https://www.dishcult.com
or any Dish Cult branded application for your mobile or other device (the "Dish Cult Application") in connection with the loyalty programme operated by ResDiary and available on the Dish Cult Application (the "Dish Cult Rewards Programme") we will collect, to identify transactions where you have earned points in connection with the Dish Cult Rewards Programme:
Credit card number
Expiration date
Under the Data Protection Legislation, We must always have a lawful basis for using Personal Data.
7.1. Personal Data is used by ResDiary for the operation of services, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the ResDiary Sites.
7.2. Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose Personal Data or Personal Sensitive Data through ResDiary public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others.
7.3. Note: ResDiary does not read any of your private online communications.
7.4. We may use your information to:
7.4.1. process reservations;
7.4.2. notify you of your restaurant reservations;
7.4.3. pre-order;
7.4.4. buy gift vouchers;
7.4.5.pay deposits;
7.4.6. join wait lists;
7.4.7. provide you with new and improved features;
7.4.8.personalise your experiences on Our Sites;
7.4.9. seek your feedback on the services we provide;
7.4.10. let you know of changes in Our services or terms and conditions;
7.4.11. send you marketing communications that you have opted into and you may be interested in;
7.4.12. collect data, including without limitation from you, with the purpose of improving the booking service and to provide feedback to the restaurant;
7.4.13. present a quality index for the restaurant industry;
7.4.14. collate and share aggregated or de-identified information at its absolute discretion, including but not limited to aggregate statistical data.
7.5. We will only use your Personal Data for the purpose(s) for which it was originally collected unless We reasonably believe that another purpose is compatible with that or those original purpose(s) and need to use your Personal Data for that purpose. If We do use your Personal Data in this way and you wish Us to explain how the new purpose is compatible with the original, please contact Us using the details in Part 15.
7.6. If We need to use your Personal Data for a purpose that is unrelated to, or incompatible with, the purpose(s) for which it was originally collected, We will inform you and explain the legal basis which allows Us to do so.
7.7. In some circumstances, where permitted or required by law, We may process your Personal Data without your knowledge or consent. This will only be done within the bounds of the Data Protection Legislation and your legal rights.
7.8. Combined information
7.8.1.We may combine your Personal Data with Device Information and location information to serve you specifically, such as to deliver a product to you according to your preferences or restrictions, or for advertising or advertising targeting purposes. When we combine Personal Data with Device Information in this way, we treat it as, and apply all of the safeguards in this Policy applicable to, Personal Data.
7.8.2. If at any point you wish to query any action that We take on the basis of this or wish to request ‘human intervention’ (i.e. have someone review the action themselves, rather than relying only on the automated method), the Data Protection Legislation gives you the right to do so. Please contact Us to find out more using the details in Part 15.
7.8.3. We may analyse your Personal Data to create a profile of your interests and preferences so that we can contact you with information relevant to you. We may make use of additional information about you when it is available from external sources to help us do this effectively.
7.9. Electronic communications
7.9.1. Consistent with above, we may communicate with you via electronic messages, including email, text message, or mobile push notification to, for example:
7.9.2. send you information relating to Our products and services, including reservation confirmations and updates, receipts, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages.
7.9.3. and/or, subject to the Privacy Legislation, communicate with you about contests, offers, promotions, rewards, upcoming events, and other news about products and services offered by ResDiary, restaurants, and other business partners.
7.9.4. With your consent, we may contact you at the mobile phone number that you provide to us by way of direct dial calls and text messages in connection with the above purposes.
7.9.5. You will not be sent any unlawful marketing or spam. We will always work to fully protect your rights and comply with Our obligations under the Data Protection Legislation and you will always have the opportunity to opt-out.
7.9.6. For the avoidance of doubt by accepting the terms of this Privacy Notice, you consent to us retaining certain data post termination of your Account for marketing purposes in terms of section 7.9.3 including [insert details of data to be retained] this data shall be held for a period of up to 18 months from the date you terminate your Account.
7.10. Our Role as Data Controller and Data Processor
7.10.1. It is important to understand the difference between being a Data Controller and Data Processor.
7.10.2. When bookings are made for a restaurant using ResDiary technology on any other digital platforms,  not via the Sites, or the ResDiary Now or DishCult apps, then the restaurant, or partner, is the Data Controller. This means they determine how your Personal Data is processed. This included both how long your data is kept following making a booking (retention period), and maintaining marketing preferences.
7.10.3. When you create a profile on a Site, ResDiary is the Data Controller for that Personal Data.
7.10.4. We are not responsible for any restaurant’s use of information for which it is an owner or Data Controller except to the extent that we are processing the Personal Data on behalf of the Data Controller. To learn more about how a restaurant may use such Personal Data, you should review its Privacy Notice.
We will not keep your Personal Data for any longer than is necessary in light of the reason(s) for which it was first collected. We review Our retention periods on a regular basis and will hold your Personal Data on Our systems for as long as is necessary for the relevant activity, or as long as it is set out in any relevant contract you hold with us.
Type of Data
Identity Information including
Name
How Long We Keep It
The data will be retained for the life of the account
Our Lawful Basis
Consent
Type of Data
Contact information including
Email Address
Phone Number
How Long We Keep It
The data will be retained for the life of the account
Our Lawful Basis
Consent
Type of Data
Payment information including
Card Details (stored in our PCI Compliance Payment Provider – Stripe)
How Long We Keep It
The data will be retained for the life of the account
Our Lawful Basis
Consent
Type of Data
Profile information including
Username
Password (one-way hashed)
How Long We Keep It
The data will be retained for the life of the account
Our Lawful Basis
Consent
Type of Data
Technical information including
IP Address
User-Agent
UserId
How Long We Keep It
24 months
Our Lawful Basis
Consent
Type of Data
Data retained post termination for marketing
Email Address
How Long We Keep It
In terms of the Terms and Conditions currently this data is to be held for 18 months post termination of the Agreement
Our Lawful Basis
Consent
Type of Data
Payment information when you register a payment card via the Dish Cult Application in connection with the Dish Cult Rewards Programme incl.
Card details (stored in our PCI compliant payment provider - Fidel)
Transaction history
How Long We Keep It
13 months from the date of the last transaction
Our Lawful Basis
Consent
9.1. Personal Data is stored securely in Microsoft Azure data centres throughout the world on appropriate servers linked to your location in accordance with the Privacy Legislation.
9.2. The security of your Personal Data is essential to Us, and to protect your data, We take a number of important measures, including the following:
9.2.1. limiting access to your Personal Data to those employees, agents, contractors, and other third parties with a legitimate need to know and ensuring that they are subject to duties of confidentiality;
9.2.2. procedures for dealing with data breaches (the accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorised disclosure of, or access to, your Personal Data) including notifying you and/or the Information Commissioner’s Office where We are legally required to do so.
We will not share any of your Personal Data with any third parties for any purposes, subject to the following exceptions.
10.1. ResDiary may share your information with other third parties for marketing purposes with your consent. More details can be seen in Part 11 below. In such cases, please note that you are subject to the separate Privacy Notices of such third parties.
10.2. Information shared with restaurants and their Affiliates:
10.2.1. When you make a dining request through Our Sites, such as a restaurant reservation or making a payment to a restaurant through Our Sites, all details pertaining to the reservation is delivered to the restaurant’s ResDiary system.
10.2.2. The notifications sent by email or SMS via ResDiary systems are to confirm your booking details and to send a survey out after dining.
10.2.3. We or the restaurant may share your information (such as meal or seating preferences and special occasions) with other restaurants in the same restaurant group. This is to enhance the hospitality experience that the restaurant group provides you when you dine with them (such as, trying to seat you by a window, if you previously expressed a preference for window seating) (“customized service”) and to improve the restaurant’s table and shift planning.
10.2.4. In addition to providing you with more customized service, we or the restaurant may, as permitted by applicable law, share your information with such restaurant’s restaurant affiliates to support operations, such as to perform analytics, tailor marketing to you, support a loyalty program that you have chosen to participate in, and improve their services.
10.3. For more information, please feel free to contact the restaurants at which you dine or book, or ResDiary as detailed in Part15 below.
10.4. To learn more about your choices related to how we share your information with restaurants, restaurant groups, and/or restaurant affiliates under Our programs, please see Part 11 below.
10.5. Third Party Service Providers working on Our behalf
10.5.1. We may pass on your information to Our third party service providers, agent subcontractors and other associated organisations for the purposes of completing tasks and providing services to you on Our behalf. When we use third party service providers, we disclose only the information that is necessary to deliver the service. Please be reassured that we will not release your information to third parties beyond ResDiary for them to use for their own direct marketing purposes, unless you have requested us to do so.
10.6. Our Sites will disclose your Personal Data, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
10.6.1. comply with the law or comply with legal process served on ResDiary or the site
10.6.2. protect and defend the rights or property of ResDiary
10.6.3. act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of ResDiary, or the public.
10.7. We may transfer your Personal Data to a third party:
10.7.1. as part of a sale of some or all of Our business and assets to any third party
10.7.2.or as part of any business restructuring or reorganisation
10.7.3. or if we’re under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation
10.7.4 or to enforce or apply Our terms of use or to protect the rights, property or safety of Our supporters and customers
However, we will take steps with the aim of ensuring that your privacy rights continue to be protected.
10.8. Payment Card Information: To use certain services on Our Sites and Applications we may require credit or debit card account information in order to:
10.8.1. make reservations at certain restaurants
10.8.2. make payments to certain restaurants
10.8.3. pay a deposit to certain restaurants
10.8.4. pre-order at certain restaurants and to purchase gift vouchers.
10.9. By submitting your credit or debit card account information through Our Sites, to the extent permitted by applicable law, you expressly consent to the sharing of your information with restaurants, third-party payment processors (e.g Stripe), and other third-party service providers, and you further agree to the following terms.
10.9.1. When you use a credit or debit card to secure a reservation through Our Sites, we provide your credit or debit card account information (including card number and expiration date, but excluding the CVV number) to Our third-party payment service providers and the applicable restaurant.
10.9.2. When you initially provide your credit or debit card account information through Our Sites in order to use Our restaurant payment services, we provide your credit or debit card account information to Our third-party payment service providers. As explained in the ResDiary Terms and Conditions, these third parties may store your credit or debit card account information so you can use Our restaurant payment services through Our Sites in the future to the extent permitted by local law.
10.10. The third-party payment service providers We use are all certified to PCI Service Provider Level 1 status. More information on the requirements for this certification can be found here.
10.11. If We sell, transfer, or merge parts of Our business or assets, your Personal Data may be transferred to a third party. Any new owner of Our business may continue to use your Personal Data in the same way(s) that We have used it, as specified in this Privacy Notice.
10.12. In some limited circumstances We may be legally required to share certain Personal Data, which might include yours, if We are involved in legal proceedings or complying with legal obligations, a court order, or the instructions of a government authority.
10.13. Subject to the foregoing, We will always obtain your express opt-in consent before sharing your Personal Data with third parties for marketing purposes and you will be able to opt-out at any time.
10.14. Third Parties whose content appears on Our Site may use third-party Cookies, as detailed below in Part 14. Please refer to Part 14 for more information on controlling cookies. Please note that We do not control the activities of such third parties, nor the data that they collect and use themselves, and We advise you to check the Privacy Notices of any such third parties.
10.15. If any of your Personal Data is shared with a third party, as described above, We will take steps to ensure that your Personal Data is handled safely, securely, and in accordance with your rights, Our obligations, and the third party’s obligations under the law, as described above in Part 9. A list of the third party processors We use can be provided upon written request. All enquiries in relation to this section 10.15 should be addressed to Us in terms of section 15 below.
10.16. Some Personal Data may be stored outside of the UK and/ or European Economic Area (“the EEA”) (The EEA consists of all EU member states, plus Norway, Iceland and Liechtenstein) or the Commonwealth of Australia (as the case may be). You are deemed to accept and agree to this by using Our Site and submitting information to Us.
10.17. If any Personal Data is transferred outside of the UK and/or the EEA, or the Commonwealth of Australia (as the case may be) We will take suitable steps in order to ensure that your Personal Data is treated just as safely and securely as it would be within the UK and/or the EEA, or the Commonwealth of Australia (as the case may be) and under the Data Protection Legislation, as explained above in Part 9.
10.18. Dish Cult Rewards Programme Transaction Monitoring
If you register a payment card via the Dish Cult Application in connection with the Dish Cult Rewards Programme, you authorise ResDiary to share your payment card information with the relevant payment card provider (Mastercard, Visa or American Express) so it knows you enrolled. You authorise the relevant payment card provider to monitor transactions on your registered card(s) to identify qualifying purchases, and for the relevant payment card provider to share such transaction details with ResDiary for the purposes of your participation in the Dish Cult Rewards Programme. You may opt-out of transaction monitoring on the payment card(s) you have registered by opting out of the Dish Cult Rewards programme at any time by:
Unlinking all of your linked debit and / or  credit cards by navigating to the 'My Account' section of the Dish Cult Application and following the link to 'Manage Cards' where the option to unlink your debit and / or credit cards can be found. When your cards have been unlinked, you will continue to have access to unused Reward Vouchers (as defined in our
Terms of Use for Diners
) but will have no ability to continue earning points.
Deleting your Account by navigating to the 'My Account' section of the Dish Cult Application and following the link to 'Edit Profile' where the option to delete your account can be found. By deleting your account you will lose any unused Reward Vouchers
(as defined in our
Terms of Use for Diners
) and will have no ability to continue earning points.
Payment card information will also be shared with our payment card matching provider, Fidel Limited, to identify transactions where you have earned points in connection with the Dish Cult Rewards Programme.
11.1.1 In addition to your rights under the Data Protection Legislation, set out in Part 5, when you submit Personal Data via Our Site, you may be given options to restrict Our use of your Personal Data. In particular, We aim to give you strong controls on Our use of your data for direct marketing purposes (including the ability to opt-out of receiving emails from Us).
11.1.2 You can choose whether or not you wish to receive information from us. If you do not want to receive direct marketing communications from us, you can opt out by not ticking the relevant boxes on the forms where we collect your Personal Data.
11.1.3. We will not contact you for marketing purposes by email, phone or text message unless you have given your prior consent. We will not contact you for marketing purposes by post unless you have given your prior consent. You can change your marketing preferences at any time by contacting us by email at support@resdiary.com or by updating our Profile through the Sites or ResDiary Now or DishCult app.
11.1.4. If you would like to delete Personal Data relating to a booking, please contact the restaurant where the reservation was made. Please allow five working days from the date of your request for your information to be removed from the ResDiary software.
11.1.5. Security precautions in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of your information
11.1.6. When you give us Personal Data, we take steps to ensure that it’s treated securely. Any sensitive information (such as credit or debit card details) is encrypted and protected with the following software, the Secure Socket Layer (SSL). When you are on a secure page, a lock icon will appear on the bottom of web browsers such as Microsoft Internet Explorer. Stripe never stores any card details.
11.1.7. Non-sensitive details (your email address etc.) are transmitted normally over the Internet, and this can never be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your information, we make Our best effort to ensure its security on Our systems. Where we have given (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of Our websites, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.
11.2. Who is the point of contact at ResDiary in the event of a data breach?
11.2.1. The point of contact from ResDiary is Our Data Protection Officer, Scott Simpson. He will invoke the data control procedure with the Chief Executive Officer, Colin Winning, as required. If required by relevant Privacy Laws, the breach will be reported to the relevant supervisory authority within 72 hours of the organisation becoming aware of it.
11.2.2.We will notify affected venues within 48 hours of becoming aware of the breach.
11.2.3. You may also wish to sign up to one or more of the preference services operating in the UK: The Telephone Preference Service (“the TPS”), the Corporate Telephone Preference Service (“the CTPS”), and the Mailing Preference Service (“the MPS”). These may help to prevent you receiving unsolicited marketing. Please note, however, that these services will not prevent you from receiving marketing communications that you have consented to receiving.
You may access certain areas of Our Site without providing any Personal Data at all. However, to use all features and functions available on Our Site you may be required to submit or allow for the collection of certain data.
You may restrict Our use of Cookies. For more information, see Part 14.
13.1. If you want to know what Personal Data We have about you, you can ask Us for details of that Personal Data and for a copy of it (where any such Personal Data is held). This is known as a “subject access request”.
13.2. All subject access requests should be made in writing and sent to the email or postal addresses shown in Part 15.
13.3. There is not normally any charge for a subject access request. If your request is ‘manifestly unfounded or excessive’ (for example, if you make repetitive requests) a fee may be charged to cover Our administrative costs in responding.
13.4. We will respond to your subject access request within one month of receiving it. Normally, We aim to provide a complete response, including a copy of your Personal Data within that time. In some cases, however, particularly if your request is more complex, more time may be required up to a maximum of two months from the date We receive your request. You will be kept fully informed of Our progress.
See our Cookie Policy for information on how we use Cookies.
15.1. To contact us about anything to do with your Personal Data and data protection, including to make a subject access request, please use the following details:
Email address: dpo@resdiary.com.
Postal Address: 36 Renfield Street, Glasgow, Scotland, G2 1LU.
16.1. We may change this Privacy Notice from time to time. This may be necessary, for example, if the law changes, or if We change Our business in a way that affects Personal Data protection.
16.2. Any changes will be immediately posted on Our Site and you will be deemed to have accepted the terms of the Privacy Notice on your first use of Our Site following the alterations. We recommend that you check this page regularly to keep up-to-date. This Privacy Notice was last updated on 10th June 2021.
2/14/2023, 3:31:05 AM
Subscribe to our newsletter
Receive the latest updates, guides, local events and more.
Your Email Address
Follow us on
We use cookies and similar technologies to help personalise content and provide a better experience. By clicking "Allow all" or turning an option on in Cookie Settings, you agree to this, as outlined in our
Cookie Policy
.
You can change your preferences here.
Allow all
Deny all