If you're reading this, it means you value your privacy and data protection as much as we do. Our privacy policy sets out to be
           as transparent as possible with regards to what we do with the user data we collect from those who sign up for a
Bohemia Account
, play our games, visit our websites, and/or make use
           of our other online services. It has been prepared with the utmost care, and has been reviewed to be in accordance with the
           applicable legislation, including the recently introduced General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) by the European Union.
Here are some
quick takeaways
that we think are most important for you:
We only store user data to:
ensure the proper functionality of our games and related online services such as our
forums
and
Feedback Tracker
;
fulfill our obligations when you make a purchase on the
Bohemia
                                                                                                                                      Store
;
send you newsletters with the latest news on our projects and sales. You can subscribe/unsubscribe at any time by
                        updating your
Bohemia Account
e-mail preferences.
For some of our games we collect
anonymous player data
to learn how people play the game and how we can
                make the game experience better. You can opt-in/opt-out via the game’s settings.
We’ll
never
sell your personal data to third-parties. Some data can be shared with certain partners such as
                server hosting providers or analytics services. These partners have signed a strict non-disclosure agreement. You’ll find a
                precise overview of what data is shared with who in Appendix No. 2 of our privacy policy.
We’re constantly taking proactive measures to make sure all data is stored in a safe manner according to the latest security
                standards.
We advise you to read our privacy policy below for more specific insights into what data we collect and how it's used. Thank you
           for placing your trust in us, and if you have any questions with regards to our privacy policy, please do not hesitate to contact
           us at
dataprotection@bohemia.net
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/:
Privacy & Terms