Privacy Policy
Dumadu Studios Private Limited (“We”) are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. Dumadu Studios Private Limited provides online contents through mobile applications like BasketBall3D, Bowling3D, Tennins3D (“Apps”) and websites like www.dumadu.com (the “Websites”).
By using the Websites and/or using any of our Apps, you consent to us processing your personal information in accordance with this Privacy and Cookie Policy (the “Policy”). This is the legal basis upon which we process your personal information as well. It is necessary for the performance of our obligations under the terms of use/terms and conditions you accept to use our Apps or the Websites. You may withdraw such consent at any time by letting us know at contact@dumadu.com. At that time, you may also want to remove any cookies which have been placed on any device used to access the Websites. Your withdrawal of consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out by us prior to such withdrawal.
THIS IS THE INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT ABOUT YOU
Information you provide if you decide to contact us.
If you contact us (by phone or email or through an App), we may keep a record of that. If you report a problem with a Website or an App, we may keep that information. The information which you provide and we keep may include your name, address, telephone number and/or email address.
Information we collect about you when you use a Website.
When you use a Website, we use technology such as that provided by Google Analytics to collect information about your visit to that Website. This includes the pages you visit and how long you spend on the Website. You can find more information about Google Analytics here: www.google.com/analytics.
Information we collect about you when you download an App.
We sometimes may ask you for information after you have downloaded an App, but before you start using it. This may include contact details such as your email address, personal details such as your Facebook Id or name, or demographic details such as your gender, date of birth or profession. Some of this information is required (e.g., email address) and some are optional (e.g., profession). What we collect is slightly different depending upon whether you choose to login using Facebook or not.
Information we may collect when you use an App.
We collect information when you use our Apps on how you use those Apps and how you play the games in them. For example, we will note how you interact with our games, how you perform and what scores you achieve. We also take note of when you choose to share your achievements with friends on Facebook and if you choose to pay for versions of our Apps such as BasketBall3D, Bowling3D, Tennins3D.
Information we may collect about the device you use to access and use an App.
When you use our Apps we collect information about your device such as its IP address, what model it is and a device ID.
THIS IS WHAT WE DO WITH THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
The information you provide if you decide to contact us: We use it to correspond with you and we keep it in case we need to contact you in the future in relation to the issue for which you contacted us.
The information we collect about you when you use a Website: We use Google Analytics because the information it collects enables us to analyse how you and others interact with our Website.
The information we collect about you when you download an App: We collect this information to ensure that you are a real person and not a robot! We use it so that we can personalise our communication and experience when using an App. We may use it to provide you with information about our Apps such as changes we make in them as well as changes to our terms and conditions or this Policy. We use some of the information that you may choose to provide (such as your profession) to enable you to compare your performance in a game with other people like you. We also use the information we collect to analyse performance within a game by a particular demographic such as age.
We may contact you by electronic mail, using such information. We use it for conveying things we think you will find useful and interesting such as how you are performing in games, lifestyle tips, news about science and other areas we are active in and to invite you to events. This may include telling you about products or services provided by other companies. We will never give your personal information to such other companies. You may opt out from receiving marketing information from us at any time by using the ‘unsubscribe link’ in the emails we send, or by contacting us at contact@dumadu.com. This will stop us sending you marketing information by email. We also at times may send you information within an App using what are called push notifications. You may at any time opt-out from receiving such notifications by turning them off in your device’s App settings.
Information we collect when you use an App: We use this information to improve our products and make your experience better and more personal, for example, by noting when you do well and allowing you to share your performances with friends.
Information we collect about the device you use to access and use an App: We collect this information, aggregate it and it provides us with demographic information which we then use to, for example, tailor our products to such demographics. It also allows us to watch out for malicious attacks on our servers and maintain our security. Finally, we use a device ID called an IDFA for advertising purposes and to acquire new customers for our products, as explained further in this Policy.
We ensure you of not using your personal information for any other uses without notifying you first. You will also be given the opportunity to withhold or withdraw your consent for the use of your personal information for purposes other than those listed above.
THIS IS WHO WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION WITH
We will only share information with other organizations where we have your permission to do so in accordance with this Policy, where we believe it is necessary for a legitimate reason connected with an App or a Website, or where it is necessary for us to comply with the terms and conditions of that App or Website. We will only share information with a third party if we are satisfied that such third party will keep that information secure.
We work with analytics providers such as Google Analytics which may involve information about your use of a Website and/or an App being processed by Google. We work with Facebook to allow you to sign in for Apps using the credentials that you have with that company. We also enable you to share your performances when using our Apps with your Facebook friends. This involves Facebook processing some of your information. It also results in some of your information becoming public, so do read Facebook’s privacy policy and be careful with what you share.
Finally, we may disclose your personal information to third parties:
if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal information in order to comply with any legal or regulatory obligation or request;
to enforce or apply our terms of use/terms and conditions and other agreements or to investigate potential breaches; or
to protect the rights, property or safety of a Website and/or App, or of our users.
ADVERTISEMENTS
Apps and Games of Dumadu include various types of advertisements, such as banners, interstitials, rewarded videos, native ads, etc. from third parties ad networks. Third parties may collect and use the following information of users:
Geographic location tracking
Network preferences
Clicks, impressions, views of advertisements
Personal information such as age, gender, etc.
Advertisements shown to the user will be based on the above-mentioned points and also IP address, device identifiers, and other Personal Information gathered during the use of Dumadu’s apps and games. Third-party ad networks which are collaborated with the Dumadu games are listed here: AdMob, Facebook, InMobi, Chartboost, Mopub, Unity, Vungle, AdColony, and more. The following third parties may collect the user's personal/non-personal information when the user clicks on the advertisement displayed by them. The privacy policy will not be the same for all; kindly please review the terms of use and privacy policy for any advertiser before doing business with them. Using services of an advertiser is at your own risk.
USING GAME CENTER & SOCIAL FEATURES
Game center features and social features in the apps and games of Dumadu are controlled or allow for social integration with certain third-party social networks. While using the game center features and social features, the user should take a brief look at the terms of use and privacy policy of the respective third-party service providers such as platforms like Apple Game Center, Google Play Game Center, and Windows Game Center services. To know the use of your information collected through the above-mentioned services, you should go through their terms of use and privacy policies. If you disagree with their terms and conditions, you may not use all the features included in the Dumadu apps and games. You understand that where you agree with any third-party Social Network or Platform, we may share data about you with your contacts in order that you may enjoy social elements. This data may include, without limitation, your scores and/or progress in our Dumadu apps and games, your name, your social media profile picture, and any text that you may upload.
These social networks or platforms may collect personal information, such as your IP address, non-personal information, and may set cookies and other web tracking technologies to enable the social features and the game center features. The use of these services leads to sharing your information with your friends or public, depending on the features provided by the third parties. Using the above services will be considered as the acceptance of terms and conditions of service providers when you agree to those policies and share the content via Social Networks or Platforms that your content may become public and any person may re-post it.
OPTING OUT
By considering all the user comforts, we Dumadu integrated on/off controls based on the app or game where the user can choose to remove or stop or resume the provided functionalities of any app or game developed or published by Dumadu Studios Pvt Ltd. Users' contact information is used by Dumadu under the act of Right to Information Act 2005 by INDIA; the contact information is only used to send important information such as legal information if necessary, user account information, and if any changes or updates took place in this privacy policy.
The following instructions help explain how you may use your mobile device controls to revoke your consent to limit the use of the device identifier for advertising purposes.
Google Android – Limit Advertising:
Open the Google Settings on your device, select Ads, and select Opt Out of Ads Personalization.
Apple iOS – Limit Advertising:
Open the Settings on your device, select Privacy, select Advertising, and select Limit Ad Tracking.
Note: Amazon and Samsung application settings are the same as the above-mentioned Google Android application settings. Please follow the Google Android settings to make necessary changes. In addition, if you would like to know about the tracking by third parties of your online activities over time and across different online platforms such as websites, applications, etc., opt out of the use of your information for interest-based and targeted advertising and other services by certain of our third-party service providers; please visit the privacy practices of such third parties without limitation.
OUR USE OF COOKIES AND OTHER IDENTIFIERS
Cookies are small pieces of data that are stored on your computer, mobile phone, or other device. They do lots of different jobs, like letting you navigate between pages efficiently, storing your preferences, and generally improving your experience of a Website. Cookies make the interaction between you and a Website faster and easier. The only cookies we use are from Google Analytics which distinguish you from other users of the Website. The cookie distinguishing you in this way lasts for two years. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you use the Website and also allows us to improve the Website. We do not use them on Apps.
In some cases, we use device identifiers called ‘IDFA's‘ which operate like cookies. We provide Facebook with an ‘IDFA’ to improve our targeting of ads on Facebook when we are trying to acquire customers for our products.
Please refer to your device’s help material to learn what controls you can use to remove cookies, block cookies, or disable IDFA tracking. If you do this, it may affect your use of a Website or an App.
KEEPING INFORMATION SECURE
We make reasonable efforts to protect your Personal Information, but no company, including Dumadu Studios Private Limited, can fully eliminate security risks connected to handling information on the internet. Moreover, we can't be in charge of any of your Personal Information that you discharge with anyone else, or that you ask for or approve us to discharge.
REMOVING THE DATA WE HOLD FOR YOU
You have the right to be forgotten and can request your data to be permanently removed at any time. Once your data is removed you will lose all of your progress in our games, including access to in-game purchases you may have made. If you would like your data to be removed please send an email to contact@dumadu.com with your userID for that game.
RETENTION
Any Personal Information that we keep will be held only for as long as it remains necessary for the identified purpose, or as required by law, which may extend beyond the termination of our relationship with you. We may retain particular data where necessary to prevent fraud, future abuse, or for legitimate business purposes such as analysis of aggregated, non-personally-identifiable data, account recovery, and where required by law. All retained Personal Information will remain subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
OUR POLICY REGARDING CHILDREN
If you are a child under the age of 13, you must obtain parental consent prior to using our Services. The Company will not knowingly contact or engage with children under the age of 13 without said parental consent. If you have reason to believe that a child has provided us with their Personally identifiable information, please contact us at the address given below and we will endeavor to delete that Personally identifiable information from our databases.
THIRD PARTY PROPERTIES ACCESSED FROM A WEBSITE AND/OR APP
Our Websites and Apps may contain links to and from the online properties of third parties. If you follow a link to any of these online properties, please note that these online properties have their own privacy policies which will govern the use of any personal data that they process. Please check these policies carefully before you click on any links and/or submit any personal data to these online properties.
UPDATES / CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy here and we are not responsible for informing you about changes; you should keep notice by yourself. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.
HOW TO CONTACT US
We truly do welcome any enquiries, remarks, and demands you may have with respect to this Policy. You can get in touch with us by messaging us at contact@dumadu.com.