Privacy Policy
Last modified:July 4, 2016
Introduction
WISEWIDE Inc. (“WISEWIDE”) is committed to protecting the privacy of its users (collectively or individually "Users"). As described in this Privacy Policy, we have designed our games, applications, forums and/or websites (collectively, the “Services”) to protect User’s personal information from unauthorized disclosure to others. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use and, in certain circumstances, share User’s personally identifiable information. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully, and if you have any questions, feel free to contact us. By using our service, you consent to the collection and use of your personal information as outlined in this Privacy Policy, as such policy may be amended from time to time.
Information Collected
WISEWIDE’s primary objective in collecting information is to improve our Services by providing a richer, more engaging experience, and to effectively administer your participation. When you install any of the Services, we may collect and record the information you provide, whether through the Services or social network or other third party services.
When you install the Services, WISEWIDE may collect and record the information (personal information: name / email address / user identification number / mobile device’s unique identifier (UDID) / transaction identifiers for purchases / profile picture / any other relevant information included in application, social network or other online profile) you provide to WISEWIDE, whether through the Services or through social network or other third party services.
In each case, we will collect and record the information you have provided. Other than names and email addresses provided at your discretion, we don't generally collect any "Personally identifiable Information" about our Users (such as social security number, telephone number, street address, drivers license number, etc.), with the exception being "Billing and Payments", where we store your billing information such as name, street address, and phone number. We may offer you the opportunity to submit other information about yourself (such as gender, age, occupation, hobbies, interests, zip code, etc.) from social networking systems(“SNS”) on which you have used the Services (in accordance with the terms of use of those systems), which would then also be covered by this Privacy Policy.
Note that since WISEWIDE collects your data from SNS, we recommend that you should read and accept their Terms of Use, as well as Privacy Policy prior to continuing.
When you invite new members into your network or send messages through the Service, we collect and maintain the information associated with those messages on secure servers, including email addresses and content.
WISEWIDE may contain links to other websites. We are naturally not responsible for the privacy practices of other web sites. We encourage our Users to be aware when they leave our site to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by WISEWIDE.
By using the Service, you consent to our retaining all the above-mentioned information in anonymous form as long as WISEWIDE sees fit.
Children under the age of 13
WISEWIDE does not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register. If you are under 13, please do not attempt to register for any Services or send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under age 13 may provide any personal information to or on any Services. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under age 13, please contact us at
help@wisewide.com
Children Between the ages of 13 and 18
We recommend that minors over the age of 13 ask their parents for permission before sending any information about themselves to anyone over the Internet.
How WISEWIDE uses your information
The personal information we collected allows us to keep you posted on WISEWIDE's latest product announcements, software updates, and upcoming events. It also helps us to improve our Services, content, and advertising. If you don't want to be on our mailing list, you can opt out anytime by updating your preferences. We also use personal information to help us develop, deliver, and improve our products, services, content, and advertising. From time to time, we may use your personal information to send important notices, such as communications about purchases and changes to our terms, conditions, and policies. Because this information is important to your interaction with WISEWIDE, you may not opt out of receiving these communications. We may also use personal information for internal purposes such as auditing, data analysis, and research to improve WISEWIDE's products, Services, and customer communications. If you enter into a sweepstake, contest, or similar promotion we may use the information you provide to administer those programs.
We also collect non-personal information − data in a form that does not permit direct association with any specific individual. We may collect, use, transfer, and disclose non-personal information for any purpose. The following are some examples of non-personal information that we collect and how we may use it:
We may collect information such as occupation, language, zip code, area code, unique device identifier, location, and the time zone so that we can better understand customer behavior and improve our products, services, and advertising.
We also may collect information regarding customer activities on our website and from our other products and Services. This information is aggregated and used to help us provide more useful information to our customers and to understand which parts of our website, products, and Services are of most interest. Aggregated data is considered non-personal information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.
If we do combine non-personal information with personal information the combined information will be treated as personal information for as long as it remains combined.
Third Party Service Providers
We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads on the Services. Our system and the third-party advertising technology uses information derived from Users' activity, WISEWIDE's cookies on your hard drive, your visits to our site, and the Services you use, to target advertising within the Services. In addition, our advertisers may use other third-party advertising technology to target advertising on our site and other sites. In the course of advertisements being served to you, a unique third-party cookie or cookies may be placed on your computer. Similarly, third-party advertising companies may provide us with pixel tags (also called "clear gifs" or "beacons") to help manage and optimize our online advertising. Beacons enable us to recognize a browser's cookie when a browser visits the site on which the beacon is located, and to learn which banner ads bring users to a given site.
WISEWIDE does not provide any Personally Identifiable Information to third-party advertising companies. Note, however, that if an advertiser asks WISEWIDE to show an advertisement to users with certain characteristics (for example, women ages 18-24) or a segment of that group (for example, women ages 18-24 who have viewed certain categories of content) and you respond to that advertisement, the third-party advertising company may conclude that you have the characteristics of the audience that they are trying to reach.
Disclosure of Your Personal Information
You understand and agree that WISEWIDE may be required to disclose any personal information if required to do so by law or in the belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to avoid liability, to comply with legal process, including, but not limited to a subpoena, statute, search warrant, or court order, or to protect the property and rights of WISEWIDE or a third party, to protect the safety of the public or any person, or to prevent or stop activity WISEWIDE may consider to be, or to pose a risk of being, illegal, unethical or legally actionable. Note that WISEWIDE is not required to question or contest the validity of any search warrant, subpoena or other similar governmental request that it may receive.
WISEWIDE may also disclose information about you if it determines that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce the terms and conditions of the Service or to protect its operations or Users. Additionally, WISEWIDE may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of its assets, including your Personal Information, in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets or in the event of bankruptcy.
Cookies and links
Like many websites, WISEWIDE may use "cookies" to collect information. A cookie is a small data file that is transferred to your computer's hard disk or your mobile device for record-keeping purposes. The Service may send cookies to a computer or a mobile device when a user accesses or views a Service. Information contained in a cookie may be linked to personal information for purposes such as improving the quality of WISEWIDE's Service, tailoring recommendations to interests, and making the Service easier to use. Third party advertisers on the Services may also place or read cookies on your browser. Cookies can be disabled at any time by changing your web browser's options to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. If you do not accept cookies, however, you may not be able to use all portions or functionalities of a Service.
The Service may contain links to other websites or applications. The fact that the Service links to a website or application or presents a banner ad or other type of advertisement does not mean that WISEWIDE endorses or authorizes that third party, nor is a representation of any affiliation with that third party. If you click on a link to a third party site or application, including on an advertisement, you will leave the WISEWIDE site you are visiting or application you are running and will go to the site or application linked to. These third party websites and applications may place their own cookies or other files on your computer or mobile device, and may collect data or solicit personal information from you. Other sites and applications follow different rules regarding the use or disclosure of the personal information you submit to them. Because WISEWIDE cannot control the activities of third parties, it cannot accept responsibility for any use of your personal information by such third parties, and it cannot guarantee that they will adhere to the same privacy and security practices as WISEWIDE. You are therefore encouraged to read the privacy policies or statements of other websites and applications you visit before providing any personal information.
Changing or Deleting Your Information
You may review, update, correct or delete any personal information by changing the applicable information in your profile page. If you completely delete all of this information, your account may be deactivated. If you would like WISEWIDE to delete your record in its system, please contact WISEWIDE and it will attempt to accommodate your request if it is not legally obligated to retain the record.
If you have granted WISEWIDE access to your Account Information through a Service, you may request that WISEWIDE delete your Account Information by following the directions available at
http://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=privacy
. You can request deletion of your Account Information by dissociating or removing the WISEWIDE application from your SNS or third party service account in accordance with the instructions provided by the SNS or third party service.
Security
WISEWIDE is very concerned with safeguarding your information. Your account information is located on a secured server behind a firewall. When you enter sensitive information (such as credit card number), we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). Because email and instant messaging are not recognized as secure communications, we request that you not send private information to us by email or instant messaging services. Though WISEWIDE has made reasonable technical and organizational measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration or disclosure. However, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to overcome those measures or use your personal information for improper purposes. If you have any questions about the security of the Services, please contact us at
help@wisewide.com
Contacting Us
For any questions about its Privacy Policy or any other issue please contact WISEWIDE at:
help@wisewide.com
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=privacy:
Notice
You must confirm your password to edit your account settings.
Log Into Facebook
You must confirm your password to edit your account settings.
Log In
Forgot account?
·
Sign up for Facebook
English (US)
Gaeilge
Polski
Lietuvių
Português (Brasil)
Русский
Română
Español
Français (France)
Deutsch
Italiano
Meta © 2025
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to help provide and improve content on
Meta Products
. We also use them to provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and to provide and improve Meta Products for people who have an account.
Essential cookies: These cookies are required to use Meta Products and are necessary for our sites to work as intended.
Cookies from other companies: We use these cookies to show you ads off of Meta Products and to provide features like maps and videos on Meta Products. These cookies are optional.
You have control over the optional cookies we use. Learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choices at any time in our
Cookies Policy
.
About cookies
What are cookies?
Learn more
Why do we use cookies?
Learn more
What are Meta Products?
Learn more
Your cookie choices
Learn more
Cookies from other companies
We use cookies from
other companies
in order to show you ads off of our Products, and provide features like maps, payment services and video.
Choose cookies by category
How we use these cookies
If you allow these cookies
If you don't allow these cookies
Other ways you can control your information
Manage your ad experience in Accounts Center
More information about online advertising
Controlling cookies with browser settings
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies