MOBILE APPLICATION PRIVACY POLICY
Invendium
Limited (
We
)
are
committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
SCOPE OF POLICY
This policy (together with our end-user
licence agreement as set out at tips.olbg.info/docs/privacy.html (
EULA
) and any
additional terms of use incorporated by reference into the EULA, together
Our Terms of Use
) applies to your use of:
·
OLBG Sports Betting Tips
mobile
application software (
App
), once you have downloaded
a copy of the App onto your mobile telephone or handheld device (
Device
).
·
Any of the services accessible
through the App (
Services
) that are available on any
sites of ours (
Services Sites
), unless the EULA
states that a separate privacy policy applies to a particular Service, in which
case that privacy policy only applies.
This policy sets out the basis on which
any personal data
We
collect from you, or that you
provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to
understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how
We
will treat it.
For the purpose of the Data Protection
Act 1998, the data controller is
Invendium
Limited of
St Nick's House, 31 - 34 High St, Bristol, BS1 2AW, United Kingdom.
INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT FROM YOU
We may
collect and process the following data about you:
·
Submitted
Information
: information that you provide by
filling in forms in the App Site and on the Services Sites (together
Our Sites
), including the Device's telephone number. This
includes information provided at the time of registering to use the App or any
of the Services, subscribing to any of the Services, posting material or
requesting further services. We may also ask you for information when you enter
a competition or promotion sponsored by
Invendium
Limited, and when you report a problem with any of Our Sites.
·
Additional information:
·
if
you contact us, We may keep a record of that correspondence;
·
We may also ask you to complete
surveys that We use for research purposes, although you do not have to respond
to them;
·
details
of transactions you carry out through any of Our Sites; and
·
details
of your visits to any of Our Sites including, but not limited to,
traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data, whether this
is required for our own billing purposes or otherwise and the resources that
you access.
·
Device information: We may
collect information about the Device or any computer you may use to download a
copy of the App onto your Device, including, where available, the Device's or
computer's unique Device identifiers, operating system, browser type and mobile
network information as well as the Device's telephone number, for system
administration and to report aggregate information to our advertisers. We may
associate Device information with Submitted Information and will treat the
combined information as personal data in accordance with this policy for as long
as it is combined.
·
Location information: when you
use one of our location-enabled Services, We may collect and process
information about your actual location. Some of these Services require your
personal data for the feature to work. If you wish to use the particular
feature, you will be asked to consent to your data being used for this purpose.
You can withdraw your consent at any time by amending the relevant settings on
your Device.
·
Log information: when you use
the Services or view content on Our Sites, We may automatically collect and
store certain information in server logs, including but not limited to internet
protocol (
IP
) addresses, internet service provider (
ISP
), clickstream data, browser type and language, viewed
and exit pages and date or time stamps.
·
Unique application numbers:
when you install or uninstall a Service containing a unique application number
or when such a Service searches for automatic updates, that number and information
about your installation, for example, the type of operating system, may be sent
to us.
We do
not disclose information about identifiable individuals to our advertisers, but
We
may provide them with aggregate information about
our users (for example, We may inform them that 500 men aged under 30 have
clicked on their advertisement on any given day). We may also use such
aggregate information to help advertisers reach the kind of audience they want
to target (for example, women in SW1). We may make use of the personal data
We
have collected from you to enable us to comply with our
advertisers' wishes by displaying their advertisement to that target audience.
Cookies
Our
Sites use cookies to distinguish you from other users of Our Sites. This helps
us to provide you with a good experience when you use the App or browse Our
Sites and also allows us to improve the App and Our Sites.
Where
We
store
your personal data
The data
that
We
collect from you may be transferred to, and
stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (
EEA
). It may also be processed by
staff
operating outside the EEA who work
for us or for one of our suppliers.
These staff may be engaged in the fulfilment of your request, the processing of
your payment details and the provision of support services. By submitting your
personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take
all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and
in accordance with this privacy policy.
All
information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers. Any payment
transactions carried out by us or our chosen third-party provider of payment
processing services will be encrypted. Where
We
have
given you (or where you have chosen) a password that enables you to access
certain parts of Our Sites, you are responsible for keeping this password
confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
Unfortunately,
the transmission of information via the
internet
is
not completely secure. Although
We
will do our best to
protect your personal data, We cannot guarantee the security of your data
transmitted to Our Sites; any transmission is at your own risk. Once
We
have received your information, We will use strict
procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
Certain
Services may include social networking, chat room or forum features. Ensure
when using these features that you do not submit any personal data that you do
not want to be seen, collected or used by other users.
Disclosure of your information
We may
disclose your personal information to any member of our group, which means our
subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, as defined in
section 1159 of the Companies Act 2006.
We may
disclose your personal information to third parties:
·
In the event that
We
sell or buy any business or assets, in which case We may
disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business
or assets.
·
If
Invendium
Limited or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in
which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the
transferred assets.
·
If
We
are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply
with any legal or regulatory obligation or request.
·
In order to:
·
enforce
or apply the EULA, Our Terms of Use and other agreements or to
investigate potential breaches; or
·
protect
the rights, property or safety of
Invendium
Limited our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with
other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and
credit risk reduction.
Your rights
You have
the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes.
We will usually inform you (before collecting your data) if
We
intend to use your data for such purposes or if We intend to disclose your
information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right
to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms
We
use to collect your data. You can also exercise the right
at any time by
contacting us at
St Nick's House, 31 - 34 High St, Bristol, BS1 2AW, United Kingdom
or
admin@olbg.com.
Our
Sites may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our
partner networks, advertisers and affiliates (including, but not limited to,
websites on which the App or the Services are advertised). If you follow a link
to any of these websites, please note that these websites and any services that
may be accessible through them have their own privacy policies and that We do
not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies or for any
personal data that may be collected through these websites or services, such as
contact and location data. Please check these policies before you submit any
personal data to these websites or use these services.
Access to information
The Data
Protection Act 1998 gives you the right to access information held about you.
Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with that Act. Any access
request may be subject to a fee of £10 to meet our costs in providing you with
details of the information
We
hold about you.
You can
request access to your personal data or request that we correct, update or
delete it at any time by contacting us at
St Nick's House, 31 - 34 High St, Bristol, BS1 2AW, United Kingdom
or
admin@olbg.com
.
Changes
to privacy policy
Any
changes
We
may make to our privacy policy in the
future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you when
you next start the App or log onto one of the Services Sites. The new terms may
be displayed on-screen and you may be required to read and accept them to
continue your use of the App or the Services.
Contact
Questions,
comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be
addressed to St Nick's House, 31 - 34 High St, Bristol, BS1 2AW, United Kingdom
or
admin@olbg.com
.