Ubiquitous Games
Home
about us
privacy policy
terms
contacts
Ubiquitous Games Privacy Policy & Personal Data protection
Last Updated: January 09, 2019
Our privacy policy describes the types of information collected by Ubiquitous Games through our products (apps, website) and how this information is used.
What types of information are collected?
We distinguish between two types of information: personal and non-personal information.
Personal information
We collect no personal information about you or your children through our apps.
Non-personal information
We collect and use non-personal information (“Analytical Data”) during the use of our apps:
– Are there any errors in the app? Where and when do they occur?
– How long do users use our apps?
– How do our users use our apps, which features are most popular and which ones are used less.
This helps us to gain a better understanding of our users, to draw conclusions for future concepts, and, ultimately, to develop better apps.
To collect analytics data, we use the following third-party products, which are setup to be COPPA and GDPR compliant: Google Analytics, https://policies.google.com/privacy/update?hl=en
You can deactivate Google Analytics here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
The In-app analytics can be deactivated on a per-game basis.
Children’s privacy
Our products respect the privacy of children. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children.
In the event that a user identifies himself/herself as a child through a support request or feedback, we will not collect, store or use and will delete in a secure manner any personal information of such a user.
Newsletter
If you choose to receive information from us regarding the latest news and developments, we will need your email address to be able to send it to you.
We provide a free, optional newsletter that parents can elect to receive by submitting a request on our website or apps.
(i) We collect your email address for the sole purpose of sending you the newsletter.
(ii) We use the email address solely for that purpose and the email address is not combined with any other information.
(iii) You can unsubscribe from the newsletter at any time. Our newsletter is provided by our external service providers. For this reason, we need to share your email address with these service providers exclusively for the purpose of serving your newsletter subscription.
Please refer to the Privacy Policy of our partner at Mailchimp, https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/
Content Sharing
Apps with a “sharing” feature might ask you to enter information (like email address and name) about the receiver you would like to share content from our apps with.  We never save this information. Temporal data might be saved on severs located in the US/EU. All data is encrypted, anonymized and is being deleted within 30 days.
Our partner for theses services is Amazon AWS. Please refer to their Privacy Policy: https://aws.amazon.com/en/privacy/
Support
Our users can send us an email if they need support or help with any of our products. If you submit a support request, we will receive your email address and possibly other personal and non-personal information that you provide related to your support request (“Support Information”).
Advertising
We only advertise using Google's Admob.
Information sharing and disclosure
Personal information collected when signing up for our newsletter:  We will use your email address for the sole purpose of sending our newsletter to you. Personal information collected through a support request: We will only use this information for processing your support request.
No information will be shared with third parties, and we do not use this information internally for any other purposes than originally intended. We do not rent or sell your information.
Cookies
When you visit our website, we may send cookies to your computer that uniquely identify your browser. We use cookies to improve the quality of our service by storing user preferences and tracking usage information. Most browsers allow you to disable cookies or set your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent to your computer.
Links
We may provide links and/or connections to third-party websites or services from our website (we do not allow links to third parties within our mobile applications). Ubiquitous Games is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of these third-party websites or products. Our apps contain only links to content for which Ubiquitous Games is responsible (e.g., help pages, other Ubiquitous Games apps, etc.).
List of Sub-processors
Ubiquitous Games uses its Affiliates and the following third-party Sub-processors to assist it in providing the Services (as described in the Agreement). These Sub-processors set out below provide cloud hosting and storage services; content delivery and review services; assist in providing customer support; as well as analytics, bug tracking, response, diagnosis and resolution services.
Amazon Washington, USA (Email services, cloud hosting, cloud storage)
Google California, USA (Anonymized  analytics for websites, Admob for apps' ADS)
Mailchimp, USA (Newsletter)
Microsoft, USA (Cloud hosting, content delivery)
Contact
If you have any questions or concerns, please feel free to contact us at any time:
Ubiquitous Games, 50 California St, San Francisco, CA 94111, USA
contact [at] ubiquitousgames [dot] com
© 2017-2023 Ubiquitous Games. All Rights Reserved.
© 2023 Ubiquitous Games. All Rights Reserved.