PRIVACY NOTICE GENERAL
PRIVACY NOTICE FOR YOUNG ADULTS
PRIVACY NOTICE FOR EMPLOYEES
PRIVACY NOTICE FOR JOB APPLICANTS
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.johnmurraypress.co.uk/imprint/john-murray/page/privacy-notice-general-jmp/:
Opens in a new window
Opens an external website
Opens an external website in a new window
Close this dialog
This website stores data such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as marketing, personalization, and analytics.
You may change your settings at any time or accept the default settings.
You may close this banner to continue with only essential cookies.
Cookie Policy
Manage Preferences
Accept All
Reject All
PRIVACY NOTICE
We take your privacy and our responsibility to protect your information seriously.
1.
WHO WE ARE
1.1 Our
Company
(company, we, us, our)
is part of the
Hachette UK Group
of companies (
see here
).
1.2 We are the data controller in respect of your personal information. This privacy notice (Privacy Notice), together with our
Cookie Policy
, sets out ways in which we collect, use and share your personal data (your information) in connection with our publishing business. It also explains what right you have to access or change your personal data.
1.3 This Privacy Notice applies to anyone visiting our websites or attending our events, and includes authors, customers and speakers. Please read our Privacy Notice carefully to understand our practices regarding your personal information and how it will be treated.
2.
CONTACT INFORMATION
2.1 For any queries about your personal data and how it is processed you can contact us at:
Legal Department (DPO)
Hachette UK Limited
Carmelite House,
50 Victoria Embankment,
London EC4Y 0DZ, UK
Email: privacy@hachette.co.uk
3.
CHILDREN
Our websites are intended for adults. If you are under 13 you will need to have a parent or guardian sign up for any newsletters or services. If you are under 18 you will need to have a parent or guardian place orders on your behalf. We do not knowingly collect personal data from anyone under the age of 13.
4.
WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
4.1
Information you provide:
4.1.1	The information you provide to us might include:
your name, postal address, email address, phone number, social media handle or profile, gender, date of birth
and
your reading/marketing preferences
. If you’re creating an account you will provide a
username
and
password
and if you are ordering products/services (like attending our events) you will provide
your payment details
. If you are submitting a manuscript  you will provide additional information such as your
academic and work history, references
and any
other information you choose to supply
. Your information includes anything which identifies you so if you contribute to a blog or provide other user-generated content to us it may include personal information.
4.1.2	For more information on how we process job applicants’ personal data, please see our Privacy Notice for
Job Applicants
.
4.1.3	If you provide us with more sensitive information this is known as Special Category (
“sensitive”
) information and may include details about a person’s racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious, philosophical or similar beliefs, trade union membership, genetics, biometrics, health, sexual life, sexual orientation or about criminal offences or proceedings. This type of information will be treated differently, and we will explain why we are collecting it. Sensitive data will generally only be used with your explicit consent. However, we may collect sensitive data for example, to help us ensure equality of opportunity or treatment in our publishing business or where it is necessary for things like public health.
4.2
We collect your information when you:
4.2.1	interact or correspond with us in letters, by phone, by SMS, by email, through our websites or via any of our social media accounts or apps;
4.2.2	visit our offices;
4.2.3	buy a ticket for or attend online or physical events we hold (including if your badge is scanned at one of our events);
4.2.4	visit our websites (including when registering on our site, leaving any reviews or comments, or filling in forms on our site, such as when you sign up for newsletters or enter a competition);
4.2.5	create an account on our websites;
4.2.6	contact us with queries about your use of our websites or apps;
4.2.7	subscribe to our mailing lists or newsletters;
4.2.8	submit manuscripts to us by post, email or via one of our websites;
4.2.9	enter into a contract with us;
4.2.10	buy books or other products/services from one of our websites;
4.2.11	submit a request for an inspection copy of one of our books;
4.2.12	submit a review of, or provide feedback about, one of our books or other products;
4.2.13	enter a competition or prize draw or take part in other promotions;
4.2.14	complete contact forms on our websites;
4.2.15	update your account details or profile or change your reading preferences;
4.2.16	provide us with biographical information about you e.g. by completing an author questionnaire;
4.2.17	participate in our customer satisfaction surveys or other market research, feedback and survey responses;
4.2.18	participate in recorded video conferences; and
4.2.19	communicate with us via social networking websites, third party apps or similar technologies.
4.3
Information collected when you use our websites and apps:
4.3.1	We will also collect certain information about how you use our websites and apps and the devices that you use to access them. This includes your IP address, geographical location, device information (such as your hardware model, mobile network information, unique device identifiers), browser type, referral source, length of visit to the website, number of page views, the search queries you make on the website and similar information. This information is collected by Google Analytics on our behalf and may also be collected by third parties (such as Facebook) using cookies and similar technology on our website. For more information on cookies please read our
Cookie Policy
. We also use technology built into our websites when you subscribe to one of our newsletters to record information about your interest in a particular author, genre or title linked to the page where the newsletter sign-up happens. The interest is not recorded unless you sign up to a specific newsletter. This information is additional to any preferences you may indicate via the sign-up form itself. If you have signed up for direct marketing and we hold a record for you in our CRM this further information is added to your record in our CRM so that we can provide more tailored marketing to you.
4.3.2	Our websites may include third party plug-ins and apps and links to third party websites. We are not responsible for and cannot control the privacy polices of third parties. Please ensure that you read the privacy notices on any such external websites and relevant third parties.
4.3.3
E-Commerce:
If you visit one of our e-commerce sites, we record order history and collect interests in our products such as titles, genres, authors, collections and series on the basis of your use of our website. If you purchase any products directly from us via one of our websites you will be required to submit your name, address, email address and payment details. We or our contractors (such as our e-commerce platform provider) will use this information to process your order and your payment, and to send the products to you.  Payments are handled by payment service providers (such as Stripe) who will collect your name, address and payment details solely to process the payment for your products. Your name and address will also be sent to our fulfilment services providers who will use that information solely to process your order and to deliver your products to you and, in the case of digital products, to facilitate your continued access to those products.
4.3.4
Information we receive from third parties:
In certain circumstances, we will receive information about you from third parties. For example,
(a)	we use third party providers to verify information provided by you in connection with any manuscript you submit to us for publication. For example, we will use third-party databases or websites to confirm your publication history;
(b)	we will receive information about you from third parties if they are referring you to us for publication. For example, if you are the co-author of a manuscript, your co-author will be required to provide us with information about you. Or if you have a literary agent making submissions on your behalf, your agent will provide us with information about you;
(c)	we receive information about you from third parties if they are using our service to send our products to you as a gift;
(d)	if you give permission to a review platform, bookseller or other third party running a competition or other event involving one of our books or authors for us to contact you;
(e)	when we acquire rights from other publishers.
5.
HOW WE PROCESS YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
5.1	We use your information lawfully. We do not sell your information to third parties. However we use information we collect, across our group companies from you (using technologies such as Facebook Pixel as well as information you provide directly when you sign up to receive direct marketing from us or buy one of our products) to create a profile of you to help us provide more relevant advertising of our products to you and to analyse customer marketing and purchase behaviour. We may also share your information in other ways as set out in the section When We Share Your Information. The details of how we use your information and the legal bases for our use are set out below.
5.2	We may process your personal information to:
5.2.1	process your requests to purchase our products from out websites or apps and to share your information with our warehousing and delivery service providers;
5.2.2	administer your account with us;
5.2.3	provide customer service support;
5.2.4	respond to your queries and correspondence;
5.2.5	contact you about submissions you made or content you provided to us;
5.2.6	keep in contact with you and provide you with marketing communications about our news, events, authors or books and those of other Hachette UK companies that we believe may interest you;
5.2.7	for system administration purposes and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
5.2.8	tell you about new website features or services;
5.2.9	send you newsletters;
5.2.10	share your information with third parties such as authors, co-publishers or marketing partners so that they can contact you with information that might interest you (as described in the section When We Share Your Information);
5.2.11	measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising;
5.2.12	deliver relevant advertising (including via social media and other online platforms) and make relevant recommendations and suggestions to you about our products and services;
5.2.13	monitor your use of our websites and apps and your responses to our communications;
5.2.14	personalise, enhance, modify or otherwise improve the services and/or communications that we provide to you;
5.2.15	if you are filmed, photographed or recorded as part of any activities or events,  your image or likeness may be used in promotional material, sponsor, exhibitor and media partner coverage in print, online and on broadcast television;
5.2.16	if you are an author, illustrator or other licensor to administer your publishing contract including including receipt, review, editing, production, marketing of your work and payment of royalties;
5.2.17	if you are a speaker, to administer your contract including promoting and invoicing for your services, negotiating contracts on your behalf and making payments to you;
5.2.18	for security and fraud prevention;
5.2.19	to ensure that our website is safe and secure; and
5.2.20	to comply with applicable laws and regulations.
6.
LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We will only process your personal information where we have a legal basis to do so. The legal basis will depend on the purposes for which we have collected and used your personal information. In almost every case the legal basis will be one of the following:
6.1
Consent:
For example where you have provided your consent to receive certain marketing from us. You can withdraw your consent at any time, including by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of any marketing email we send you.
6.2
Performance of a contract with you
: for example, where you have purchased a product/service from us and we need to use your contact details and payment information in order to process your order and send/provide the product/service to you. This legal base also applies where you are an author, illustrator, speaker or other licensor and we require your personal information to administer your contract.
6.3
Our ‘legitimate business interests’
. Where it is necessary for us to understand our customers, promote our services and operate effectively, provided in each case that this is done in a legitimate way which does not unduly affect your privacy and other rights.
6.4
Compliance with law
: we may process your personal information where we are subject to a legal obligation and need to use your personal information in order to comply with that obligation.
7.
WHO PROCESSES YOUR INFORMATION FOR US
Your information may be processed by our staff or by the staff of third parties we work with to deliver our business. Processing can mean any activity that involves the use of information about someone that can identify them. All uses, for example, obtaining, recording, storing, disclosing, organising, retrieving, deleting and destroying are types of data processing. We take measures to ensure that third parties processing your information on our behalf are acting lawfully in accordance with our instructions and are subject to appropriate confidentiality requirements. We also have adequate technical and organisational safeguards in place in our company and with third party processors to protect your information. Third party processors of your information include:
(a)	website hosts and operators, IT support providers, database operators, site analytics providers and software developers;
(b)	marketing or publicity service providers (e.g. CRM, surveys, quizzes, competitions and newsletter providers);
(c)	social media and other online platforms to send you targeted advertising based on your preferences and other information we hold about you;
(d)	events organisers and events platform service providers;
(e)	video-conferencing service providers;
(f)	our editorial and production service providers, submissions platform providers; peer-reviewers, third-party manuscript readers;
(g)	e-commerce provider and connected service providers (e.g. payment service provider);
(h)	our royalty system software provider;
(i)	our financial services and payment service provider;
(j)	our warehousing and delivery service providers;
(k)	our auditors, technical consultants and legal advisors;
(l)	our fraud detection services.
8.
WHEN WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
8.1	We share your information within the companies that make up the Hachette UK group of companies as well as with our parent company and their parent company and as set out below. Where we share your information with third parties it is subject to usual requirements listed in the earlier sections of this Privacy Notice.
8.2	We will share your information with the following third parties:
8.2.1	selected publishing partners and authors;
8.2.2	selected marketing partners;
8.2.3	any prospective seller or buyer of businesses or assets, only in the event that we decide to acquire, transfer or sell any business or assets;
8.2.4	any other third parties (including legal or other advisors, regulatory authorities, courts and government agencies) where necessary to enable us to enforce our legal rights, or to protect the rights, property or safety of our employees or where such disclosure may be permitted or required by law or where we have a legal obligation to do so.
9.
HOW WE LOOK AFTER YOUR INFORMATION
We look for opportunities to minimise the amount of personal information we hold about you. Where appropriate we anonymise and pseudonymise your information. We use appropriate technological and operational security measures to protect your information against any unauthorised access or unlawful use, such as:
(a)	ensuring the physical security of our offices, warehouses or other sites;
(b)	ensuring the physical and digital security of our equipment and devices by using appropriate password protection and encryption;
(c)	maintaining a data protection policy for, and delivering data protection training to, our employees;
(d)	limiting access to your personal information to those in our company who need to use it in the course of their work.
10.
HOW LONG WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION
We will retain your information for as long as is necessary to provide you with the services that you have requested from us or for as long as we reasonably require to retain the information for our legitimate interests, such as for the purposes of exercising our legal rights or where we are permitted to do so for purposes of academic, literary expression and research purposes. After this period it will be deleted or in some cases anonymised. We operate a data retention policy and look to find ways to reduce the amount of information we hold about you and the length of time that we need to keep it. For example,
(a) we archive our email and paper correspondence regularly and destroy unnecessary information;
(b) we operate a best practice email retention policy and protected shared drives to provide restricted access to information;
(c) deleted emails are auto-deleted periodically;
(d) we conduct regular access reviews to keep access profiles and policies up to date;
(e) we conduct periodic review and purge cycles of documents in accordance with our document retention policy;
(f) we retain information relating to orders, refunds and customer queries for approximately 7 years;
(g) we retain information relating to commercial contracts for approximately 7 years after expiration or termination whichever is the sooner;
(h) we maintain a suppression list of email addresses of individuals who no longer wish to be contacted by us. So that we can comply with their wishes we must store this information permanently; and
(i) we process requests to unsubscribe from our marketing lists promptly.
11.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS OF YOUR INFORMATION
11.1 Our company is located in the UK.
11.2 Whenever we transfer your personal information out of the UK or the European Economic Area (EEA) we will take all steps  reasonably necessary to ensure that it is adequately protected and processed and that your personal data has the same protection it has in the UK and EEA. If you are located in the UK or the EEA, you may contact us for a copy of the safeguards which we have put in place to protect your personal information and privacy rights in these circumstances.
12.
SECURITY AND PASSWORDS
12.1 You must keep your password and any other authentication information for our website confidential. If you know or suspect that anyone other than you knows your password or any other authentication information, you must promptly notify us using the contact details below.
12.2 Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your information transmitted during your use of our website.
13.
YOUR RIGHTS AND CHOICES
13.1 You have certain rights in relation to your personal information. These include: the right to object to the processing of your information for certain purposes, the right to access your personal information, and the ability to erase, restrict or receive a machine-readable copy of your personal information.
13.2 We will handle any request to exercise your rights in accordance with applicable law and any relevant legal exemptions. If you wish to exercise any of these rights please contact us using the contact details above.
13.3 Please contact us if you have any questions or are unhappy about the way your information is used. We hope we will be able to resolve any problems or issues you may.
13.4 You also have the right to lodge a complaint about us and our use of your information to the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (https://ico.org.uk/) or the relevant authority in your country of work or residence.
14.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY NOTICE
We may make changes to this Privacy Notice from time to time. We will post any changes to our site.
This Privacy Notice was updated in January 2024.
Notifications
Sub-policy 1
https://www.johnmurraypress.co.uk/imprint/john-murray/page/privacy-notice-young-adults-jmp/:
PRIVACY NOTICE FOR YOUNG ADULTS (AGED 13-17)
This Privacy Notice is for young adults aged 13-17 but please read our
adult
policy if you want more details.
WHO WE ARE
This Privacy Notice applies to our
Company
and references to ‘company’, ‘we’, ‘us’ and ‘our’ are to our Company. We are part of a group of companies: the Hachette UK group of companies. Click
here
to see the list of companies in the group
We are your Data Controller. Click
here
to find the company information for your data controller.
As your Data Controller we look after the information you give us and decide what to do with it. This notice explains what happens when you visit this site and tell us about yourself and what we find out about you by you being here. That information is your “data”. You can discover what choices and rights you have and how you can control what we know about you.
We use cookies to help us remember who you are and to make our website a better experience for you. Please read our Cookie Policy (
here
) if you want to learn what cookies are and how we use them.
We’re going to tell you about:
Contact information
How we collect and use your data
Who gets to see your data and where it goes
How we look after your data
How long we keep your data
How you keep control
CONTACT INFORMATION
Contact us
Relevant Company information is
here
You can also get hold of us at the following address if you want to ask any questions:
Legal Department (DPO)
Hachette UK
Carmelite House
50 Victoria Embankment
London, EC4Y 0DZ
Email:
privacy@hachette.co.uk
HOW WE COLLECT AND USE YOUR DATA
When you sign up to our newsletter, you give us your name and email address. You need to do this if you want to get information about our books or find out about exclusive newsletter-only competitions.
We also collect your data when you:
send us letters, emails, phone us or use our website;
come to our events and sign-up for free stuff;
you enter a competition or prize draw. We’ll ask for your home address so we can send you the prize if you win as well as when you sign up for free stuff.
We don’t sell your data and we won’t get in touch unless you have opted-in. Even when you do opt-in you can always opt-out again. To find out how see the section ‘How you keep Control’ below.
What you look at
Our website has cookies and software that tells us how you’re using it. We can see what you look at and where you are. We keep this information because it helps us figure out what you like. To learn more about how we do this see our Cookie Policy.
Using what we know about you
When we use your data, we have to have a legal reason. Most of the time it’s because you have opted-in and given us consent. Remember you can always change your mind and opt-out. Please see the section ’How you keep control’ below.
Sometimes we might use what we know about you to help us run our publishing business and to make things like our websites better for you. The legal reason that lets us do this is called ‘legitimate business interests’ – let’s call it ‘interests’ for short. What’s good to know about our interests are that they’re never more important than yours. But sometimes there are legal rules that we all have to follow. So you can object to what we do if we’re using our interests as the reason for doing it.
See below for a list of how we use your data and our reasons:
to keep in touch with you and tell you all our news about books and authors (with consent only);
to send you newsletters (with consent only);
to reply to your questions (our interest);
to run our business legally – there are a lot of rules we have to follow (our interest);
to see if our advertising is working (our interest)
to figure out what else you might like (our interest);
to make what we send you more personal (our interest);
to send you interest-based advertising (our interest);
WHO GETS TO SEE YOUR DATA AND WHERE IT GOES
People that work here use and see your data. Sometimes we work with other companies and the people that work there also use and see your data but only as and when we tell them to. We make sure everyone keeps your data safe so it doesn’t get lost or damaged or given to someone it shouldn’t.
And here are the kinds of companies we use:
IT and computer companies;
advertising companies;
accountants and lawyers.
Sharing
We already told you that we are part of a group of companies. We share your data with other companies in the Hachette UK group. Apart from that we don’t share your data unless you say we can. But sometimes there are legal rules that mean we have to share your data and sometimes businesses get bought or sold. In those situations, we share.
Sending your data overseas
We are in the UK. We’re not allowed to send your data further than Europe without making sure that it is as safe as it would be if it stayed here. So, we don’t without using ways that are allowed by law.
HOW WE LOOK AFTER YOUR DATA
We try to keep as little about you as possible. What we do keep, we keep safe by making sure our computers have proper security and using passwords. Where possible we keep your data in a way that means it can’t identify you so even if something were to go wrong, your data would be safe.
HOW LONG WE KEEP YOUR DATA
We only keep your data because we believe you’re interested in our books and authors. If you stop asking us to send you things or if you don’t reply to us or your email bounces back, we delete your data 2 years after the last time we heard from you, except where you signed up for a newsletter on this website when we keep it for 3 years from when we last heard from you. You can ask us what we have about you at any time (see the section ‘How you keep control’).
In addition, we have a routine of checking our emails and databases and deleting what we don’t need or is too old. Our email system automatically deletes our deleted items regularly, so we don’t have to! You can ask us to change or delete what we have about you as described in the section ‘How you keep control’.
HOW YOU KEEP CONTROL
There are lots of ways you can keep control. These are your rights and choices:
you can object to what we’re doing if we’re doing it because of our interests;
you can change your mind and opt-out after you opted-in to something;
you can ask to see what details we’ve got about you and get a copy of it;
you can ask us to change your address or other details we have about you or delete it or use it less;
and you can complain about us!
If you want to opt-out and not hear from us, you can use the unsubscribe link in emails we send you.
We want to help so please get in touch using the details set out in the section ‘Contact information’ if you want to ask questions about this. We will try to sort it out. But if we can’t you can go to the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (
https://ico.org.uk
) and tell them what you think we did wrong.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY NOTICE
We may make changes to this Privacy Notice from time to time. We will post any changes to our site.
This Privacy Notice was updated on
29
th
January 2019.
Notifications
Sub-policy 2
https://www.johnmurraypress.co.uk/imprint/john-murray/page/privacy-notice-employee-jmp/:
Opens in a new window
Opens an external website
Opens an external website in a new window
Close this dialog
This website stores data such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as marketing, personalization, and analytics.
You may change your settings at any time or accept the default settings.
You may close this banner to continue with only essential cookies.
Cookie Policy
Manage Preferences
Accept All
Reject All
EMPLOYEE PRIVACY NOTICE
This privacy notice (“
Privacy Notice”)
sets out the ways in which
HACHETTE UK LIMITED
(
“company” “we” “us “our”
) which is the employer for all employees within the Hachette UK Group of Companies  excluding Bookpoint Limited and Hachette UK Distribution Limited (
see here
) (
“Hachette Companies” ”companies”)
collects uses and shares personal data
(“Personal Information”)
of its employees and workers
(“employees”, “workers”, “you”, “your”)
in connection with our publishing business. It also explains what rights you have to access or change your Personal Information.
We are your Data Controller which means we decide how your Personal Information is held, used and protected. We are required under data protection laws to notify you of the information set out in this Privacy Notice.
This Notice applies to current employees and workers. It does not form part of an employment contract or other contract to perform services. Employees and workers should comply with the Hachette UK Data Protection Policy and Employee Handbook.
This Privacy Notice sets out your rights under all applicable data protection and privacy legislation in force from time to time in the UK including the retained EU law version of the General Data Protection Regulation ((EU) 2016/679) (UK GDPR); the Data Protection Act 2018 (DPA 2018) (and regulations made thereunder)  and the Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003 (SI 2003/2426) as amended and the guidance and codes of practice issued by the Information Commissioner.
We take your privacy and our responsibility to protect your information seriously. Read our Privacy Notice to understand:
– What information we collect about you
– How we use information we collect about you
– Who can see your information
– When we share your information
– How we look after your information
– How long we keep your information
– International transfers of your information
– Rights and choices
COMPLIANCE WITH DATA PROTECTION PRINCIPLES
We will comply with all applicable data protection laws.
Under the Data Protection Principles contained in applicable data protection laws the Personal Information we hold about you must be:
– used lawfully, fairly and in a transparent way
– collected only for a valid purpose that has been clearly explained to you and not used in a way that is incompatible with these purposes
– relevant to the purposes you have been informed about and limited to these purposes
– accurate and kept up to date
– kept only as long as necessary for the purposes you have been informed of
– kept securely
WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
Personal Information
Personal information means any information about a living individual from which that individual can be identified. The information you provide to us might include:
– your name, postal address, email address, phone number, (contact details);
– gender;
– date of birth;
– marital status and dependents;
– national insurance number and employee number;
– nationality;
– next of kin and emergency contact details;
– bank account details;
– tax status and HMRC tax codes;
– salary, bonus, pension and benefits information;
– annual leave unpaid leave, sickness leave, compassionate leave and jury service;
– start date / continuous employment start date;
– leaving date and reason for leaving, exit interview information;
– location of employment and workplace;
– copy of passport and driving licence;
– recruitment information, CV, copies of any right to work documents and cover letters, references or previous employers;
– employment records including job titles, work history, working hours, holiday leave, training records, professional memberships;
– performance reviews;
– disciplinary and grievance information;
– information on skills and development needs;
– answers to surveys and questionnaires;
– CCTV footage and information obtained through electronic means (e.g. swipe cards, scanners);
– information about your use of company IT systems and communication systems such as mobiles and telephones and personally owned bring your own devices (BYOD) where used for work purposes
– photographs;
– blog contributions and other user-generated data made via the company intranet or social media accounts in the name of any of the companies in the Hachette UK Group of companies;
– your payment and other details listed on expense receipts if you claim back expenses via our expenses system.
Special Category Information
You may provide us with more sensitive information known as Special Category (“Sensitive”) information. This may include details about your racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious, philosophical or similar beliefs, trade union membership, genetics, biometrics, health, sexual life, sexual orientation or about criminal offences or proceedings. This type of information will be treated differently, and we will explain why we are collecting it. Sensitive data will generally only be used with your explicit consent.
However, we may collect sensitive data for example, to help us ensure equality of opportunity or treatment in our publishing business or where it is necessary to comply with employment or other laws for things like public health.
Information about criminal offences, proceedings and convictions
If you drive a company car you will be asked to disclose any criminal convictions or proceedings relating to driving offences if necessary for insurance purposes. We will retain this information and pass on to fleet managers and insurers. If your job requires you to access schools we will facilitate a Disclosure and Barring Service check if required.
We may collect the following types of Sensitive information about you:
– information about your race, national or ethnic origin, religious, philosophical or moral beliefs, your sexual life or sexual orientation, or your philosophical or political beliefs if you provide such information to us in writing, or on our HR databases or voluntarily, for example, in a survey;
– trade union membership;
– information about your health which may include mental or physical health, disabilities and your medical condition contained in health or sick records prior to or during your employment or engagement;
– absence records details including parental leave;
See the sections on ‘How we use your information’ and ‘Who can see your information’ in relation to Sensitive information to find out more about our use of your Sensitive information.
HOW WE COLLECT INFORMATION
We collect information during the recruitment process directly from candidates or from a recruitment agency or background check provider where these are used.
During your employment or whilst you are working with us, we will also collect Personal Information about you during job-related activities.
Information we receive from third parties
:
We may sometimes collect information from third parties such as:
– recruitment agencies, former employers, credit references agencies; Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) where required;
– trustees or managers of pensions formerly operated by an Hachette Group company;
– training and development providers;
– medical or occupational health practitioners.
Information about how you use our website and apps:
We will also collect certain information about how you use our websites and apps and the devices that you use to access them. This includes your IP address, geographical location, device information (such as your hardware model, mobile network information, unique device identifiers), browser type, referral source, length of visit to the website, number of page views, the search queries you make on the website and similar information. This information is collected by Google Analytics on our behalf and may also be collected by third parties (such as Facebook) using cookies and similar technology on our website. For more information on cookies please read our Cookie Policy.
Our websites may include third party plug-ins and apps and links to third party websites. We are not responsible for and cannot control the privacy polices of third parties. Please ensure that you read the privacy notices on any such external websites and relevant third parties.
HOW WE USE INFORMATION ABOUT YOU
We use your Personal Information lawfully. We do not sell your information to third parties. However, we may share your Personal Information as set out in the section ‘When we share your information’.  The details of how we use your Personal Information and the legal bases for our use are set out below.
Where it is necessary in order to
perform our contract with you
:
– to administer your employment contract;
– to pay you and provide you with any remuneration in accordance with your contract;
– to make decisions about your role or about your continued employment or engagement;
– to process your requests to purchase our products from our website;
– to liaise with any managers of any pension or life insurance arrangement operated by the company or any other provider of employee benefits.
Where it is necessary to
comply with a legal obligation:
– to check you are legally entitled to work in the UK;
– to provide you with statutory sick pay, maternity or paternity pay or other benefits;
– to enrol you in a pension arrangement under the statutory automatic enrolment obligations
– to comply with health and safety obligations;
– to ascertain your fitness to work;
– to manage sickness absences;
– to respond to queries from HMRC or tax authorities relating to tax or National Insurance and where you are an employee deduct any tax or National Insurance contributions;
– to respond to requests for information required by the Government.
Where it is necessary for
our ‘legitimate business interests’ (legitimate interests)
or those of a third party and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
This means our legitimate interests in conducting and managing our business and our employment or working relationship with you.
Where we use your Personal Information for our legitimate interests, we make sure that we take into account any potential impact that such use may have on you. Our legitimate interests do not automatically override yours and we will not use your information if we believe your interests should override ours unless we have other grounds to do so (such as your consent or a legal obligation). If you have any concerns about our processing, you have rights and choices which include the right to object (please see the section headed ‘Your Rights and Choices’).
We may use your information for the purposes listed below on the basis of
our legitimate interests
:
– to process any job applications you submit to us;
– to work with our third party recruitment agency to process any job applications you submit to us;
– to decide whether to recruit you;
– to operate a safe and lawful business or where we have a legal obligation;
– to enable us to comply with our policies and procedures and enforce our legal rights, or to protect the rights, property or safety of our employees;
– to detect and prevent fraud and unauthorised access or illegal activity;
– to improve security and optimisation of our network sites and services including trouble shooting, testing and software development and support;
– for business management and planning including accounting and auditing;
– for education, training and development events and activities including psychometrics;
– for performance reviews, and succession planning;
– to make arrangements for the termination for your employment or engagement;
– to gather information and evidence for possible grievance and disciplinary procedures;
– to conduct performance reviews, manage performance and determine performance requirements;
– to monitor your use of our information and communication systems to ensure compliance with our IT policies;
– to operate our company intranet;
– to deal with any legal disputes or claims involving you or other employees, workers or third parties relating to your work or which occur in the course of the performance of your duties including accidents at work;
– to conduct data analytics studies to review and better understand employee retention and attrition rates.
We may
use your Sensitive information
in the following ways:
– where necessary to carry out our legal obligations in relation to employment;
– we will use information relating to leaves of absence, which may include sickness absence or family related leave, to comply with employment and other laws;
– where you have given your express consent (for example medical reports);
– we will use information about your physical or mental health or disability status to ensure your health and safety in the workplace; to assess your fitness to work; to provide appropriate workplace adjustments; and to administer benefits including statutory maternity pay, statutory sick pay, life insurance, pensions and income protection insurance;
– we may also use health information during your employment or after you leave employment due to any health reason if you are making a claim for income protection insurance;
– where the Personal Information is required for legal claims or if needed to protect your interest (or someone else’s interests) and you are not capable of giving your consent;
– we use information about your race or national or ethnic origin, religious philosophical or moral beliefs, disabilities or your sexual life or sexual orientation to ensure equal opportunities monitoring,reporting and improvement;
– we use trade union membership information to pay trade union premiums, register the status of a protected employee and to comply with employment law obligations;
– we may also process Sensitive information where you have already made the information public or you have provided it to us voluntarily, for example, in a survey or via our applicant tracking system.
We do
not
need your consent if we use Sensitive information in accordance with our written notice to carry out our legal obligations or exercise specific rights in the field of employment law.  In limited circumstances, we may approach you for your written consent to allow us to process certain particularly Sensitive information. If we do so, we will provide you with full details of the information that we would like and the reason we need it, so that you can carefully consider whether you wish to consent. You should be aware that it is
not
a condition of your contract with us that you agree to any request for consent from us.
You may withdraw any consent previously given and should inform us if you wish to do so.  However, withdrawal of a consent may adversely affect our ability to perform some aspects of the employment relationship, for example, to be able to provide certain benefits to you.
If you do not provide Personal Information:
If you fail to provide certain Personal Information when requested, we may not be able to perform our contract with you (such as paying you or arranging for your tax code to be updated or obtain benefits for you). In some cases we may be prevented from performing our legal obligations such as health and safety.
WHO CAN SEE YOUR INFORMATION
Your information may be processed by our staff or by the staff of third parties we work with to deliver our business. Processing can mean any activity that involves the use of information about someone that can identify them.  All uses, for example, obtaining, recording, storing, disclosing, organising, retrieving, deleting and destroying are types of data processing. We take measures to ensure that third parties processing your information on our behalf are acting lawfully in accordance with our instructions and are subject to appropriate confidentiality requirements. We also have adequate technical and organisational safeguards in place in our company and with third party processors to protect your information. Third party processors of your information include:
– our website hosts and operators, our company intranet provider, IT services and support providers, database operators, site analytics providers and software developers;
– our marketing or publicity services providers;
– our editorial and production service providers;
– our financial services, payroll and payment service providers;
– our warehousing and delivery service providers;
– our pension providers where the information is not provided by you to them direct under the Hachette UK Group Pension Plan;
– our training, professional and leadership development providers;
– our life insurance providers;
– our couriers and delivery services;
– our auditors, technical consultants and legal advisors;
– our fraud detection services;
– catering service providers, vehicle leasing company.
Sensitive Information
Unless specified otherwise (for example in employee network surveys),  only Human Resources (HR) staff employed by us or employees expressly authorised by HR will have access to your Sensitive information (see above for what this encompasses). Other Personal Information may be accessed by other agents or employees who have a legitimate business reason to access it.
WHEN WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
We may share your information within the companies that make up the Hachette UK group of companies as well as with our parent company, Hachette Livre S A and their parent company, Lagardère SCA.
We may share your Personal Information with third parties who carry out the following activities:
– pension administration, insurance services and benefits provision;
– training, professional and leadership development providers;
– any prospective seller or buyer of businesses or assets, only in the event that we decide to acquire, transfer or sell any business or assets;
– any other third parties (including legal or other advisors, regulatory authorities, HMRC, courts and government agencies) where necessary to enable us to enforce our legal rights, or to protect the rights, property or safety of our employees or where such disclosure may be permitted or required by law or where we have a legal obligation to do so.
Before we share your information, we require third parties to enter into an agreement committing to compliance with all relevant data protection laws.
HOW WE LOOK AFTER YOUR INFORMATION
We look for opportunities to minimise the amount of Personal Information we hold about you.  Where appropriate we anonymise and pseudonymise your information. It is held in electronic and paper form. We use appropriate technological and operational security measures to protect your information against any unauthorised access or unlawful use, such as:
– ensuring the physical security of our offices, HR departments, or other sites;
– ensuring the physical and digital security of our equipment and devices by using appropriate password protection and encryption;
– maintaining a data protection policy for, and delivering data protection training to, our employees;
– limiting access to your Personal Information to those in our company who need to use it in the course of their work.
Where members of our IT staff have to access your Personal Information for the purposes of IT maintenance, problem solving or legal reasons, they are only allowed to do so where expressly authorised in advance by HR, the managing director or head of your division or by you.
HOW LONG WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION
We will retain your information during the term of your contract with us or for as long as we reasonably need or are entitled to retain the information for our legitimate interests or for purposes such as exercising our legal rights and carrying out our legal obligations.
We retain information on former employees for seven (7) years after the date of termination of the employee’s contract date. It is then destroyed unless we have a legal requirement to retain it. This is to enable us to provide references and to ensure that relevant information is available for any post-employment or post contract query relating to HMRC or Employment litigation.
In the case of a collective redundancy situation where notification is provided to the Secretary of State, the redundancy notification form is retained for 6 years from the date of redundancy.
Trade union agreements which are no longer effective are retained for a period of 10 years after their final effective date.
We operate a data retention policy.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS OF YOUR INFORMATION
We are located in the UK. If we transfer your personal information out of the UK or the European Economic Area (EEA) we will take all steps  reasonably necessary to ensure that it is adequately protected and processed and that your personal data has the same protection it has in the UK and EEA. If you are located in the UK or the EEA, you may contact us for a copy of the safeguards which we have put in place to protect your personal information and privacy rights in these circumstances.
AUTOMATED DECISION MAKING
You will not be subject to automated decisions which have a significant impact on you based solely on automated means unless we have a lawful basis for doing so and have notified you.
We do not envisage making any decisions about you by automated means but we will notify you in writing if this position changes.
KEEPING THE INFORMATION UP TO DATE AND ACCURATE
If your Personal Information changes during the term of your contract you should update the information held on systems to which you have access or inform us if you do not have the relevant access. This is important so we can ensure that the information we hold about you is correct and up to date.
YOUR RIGHTS AND CHOICES
You have choices and rights in respect of the information that we hold about you, including:
Your right to request access
to the information that we hold about you (“data subject access request” or DSAR);
This is the right to receive a copy of any information we hold about you in a structured, commonly-used, machine readable format or in another format of your choice.
You will not have to pay a fee to obtain access to your information unless your request is clearly unfounded or excessive. In such case a reasonable fee may be charged.  We may require you to provide us with information to help confirm your identity and ensure your right to access the information. This is to make sure that the Personal Information is disclosed to a person lawfully.
Your right to ask us,
in certain circumstances,
to delete information
we hold about you;
Your right to ask us correct information
we hold about you if it is inaccurate or incomplete;
Your right to ask us,
in certain circumstances
to restrict processing
of your information.
Your right to object
to our using your information on the basis of our legitimate interests (refer to section ‘How we use your information’ above to see when we are relying on our legitimate interests);
Your right to withdraw Consent
for our use of your information in reliance of your consent (refer to section ‘How we use your information’ to see when we are relying on your consent).
All the above rights may be exercised by contacting our Data Protection Officer at
privacy@hachette.co.uk
or by sending us a written request by post to Carmelite House 50 Victoria Embankment, London EC4Y 0DZ, UK for the attention of The DPO, Legal Department.
Your right to Complain
Please contact us if you have any questions or are unhappy about the way your information is used. We hope we will be able to resolve any problems or issues you may have.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint about us and our use of your information to the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (
https://ico.org.uk/
) or the relevant authority in your country of work or residence.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY NOTICE
We may make changes to this Privacy Notice from time to time. We will post any changes on Novel, the company intranet site and other Hachette company websites or inform you via other relevant communication methods. You can request a copy from your HR contact if you do not have access to the company intranet or websites.
This Privacy Notice was updated on
5
th
May 2022.
Notifications
Sub-policy 3
https://www.johnmurraypress.co.uk/imprint/john-murray/page/privacy-notice-job-applicants-jmp/:
Opens in a new window
Opens an external website
Opens an external website in a new window
Close this dialog
This website stores data such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as marketing, personalization, and analytics.
You may change your settings at any time or accept the default settings.
You may close this banner to continue with only essential cookies.
Cookie Policy
Manage Preferences
Accept All
Reject All
JOB APPLICANT- PRIVACY NOTICE
This privacy notice (“
Privacy Notice”)
applies to people applying for jobs
(“you” ”your”)
with the Hachette UK Group of Companies (
read about us here
) excluding Hachette UK Distribution Limited (
“Hachette Companies” ”companies” “company” “we” “us “our”
)
.
Unless you are applying for a job at Hachette UK Distribution Limited your employer will be Hachette UK Limited. If you are applying for a job with Hachette UK Distribution Limited the successful candidate will be employed directly by that company.
The Privacy Notice, sets out the ways in which
we
collect, use and share the personal data (your Personal Information) of candidates who apply for jobs with us. It also explains what rights you have to access or change your Personal Information.
We are your Data Controller which means that we decide how your Personal Information is held, used and protected. We are required under data protection laws to notify you of the information set out in this Privacy Notice.
This Notice applies to Personal Information of job candidates and potential candidates for employment and any recruitment events or recruitment programs. It does not apply to any Personal Information of employees or independent contractors or authors or customers of the Company.
It applies to any Personal Information submitted in an application by post or in an on-line application such as an application tracking system or video interview system or via a third party recruitment agency or via any other recruitment solutions, partners and methods e.g. LinkedIn.
Please read this notice and keep it together with any other privacy notice you may be provided with when we collect or process your Personal Information.
This Privacy Notice sets out your rights under all applicable data protection and privacy legislation in force from time to time in the UK including the retained EU law version of the General Data Protection Regulation ((EU) 2016/679) (UK GDPR); the Data Protection Act 2018 (DPA 2018) (and regulations made thereunder)  and the Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003 (SI 2003/2426) as amended and the guidance and codes of practice issued by the Information Commissioner.
We take your privacy and our responsibility to protect your information seriously.
WHO WE ARE
Hachette UK Limited is a company registered in England under company number 2020173, with its registered address as set out below. We are part of the Hachette UK Group of
companies
.
For anything relating to this Privacy Notice you can contact us as follows:
FAO: The DPO (Legal Department)
Address: Carmelite House, 50 Victoria Embankment, London EC4Y 0DZ, UK
Email:
privacy@hachette.co.uk
COMPLIANCE WITH DATA PROTECTION PRINCIPLES
We will comply with all applicable data protection laws.
Under the Data Protection Principles contained in the applicable data protection laws the Personal Information we hold about you must be:
– used lawfully, fairly and in a transparent way
– collected only for a valid purpose that has been clearly explained to you and not used in a way that is incompatible with these purposes
– relevant to the purposes you have been informed about and limited to these purposes
– accurate and kept up to date
– kept only as long as necessary for the purposes you have been informed of
– kept securely
WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
Personal Information
Personal Information means any information about a living individual from which that individual can be identified. The information you provide to us might include:
– your name, postal address, email address, phone number, contact details;
– age range
– nationality
– ethnicity
– religion or belief
– sexual orientation
– caring responsibilities
– disability/long-term health condition and their affect
– neurodiversity
– gender
– trans status
– socioeconomic diversity
– secondary school education
– highest level of education
– university attended (if applicable)
– parents level of education
– occupation of main household earner when you were 14
– access to free school meals
– regionality
– where you grew up
– details of your educational history, qualifications, skills, experience and employment history;
– test results or psychometric profiles of any assessments you agree to take in relation to the application for a job with our company
– bank account details;
– your current salary or remuneration and benefits, leaving date and reason for leaving (where provided by candidate directly or indirectly via a third party recruiter or previous employer);
– proof of and documents showing your entitlement to work in the UK;
– your status in relation to the EU Settlement Scheme.
– location of previous employment and workplace;
– copy of passport and driving license;
– recruitment information, CV and cover letters, references or previous employers;
– photographs;
– video interviews or video profiles provided as part of your application.
Special Category Information
You may provide us with more sensitive information, known as Special Category (“Sensitive”) information which may include details about a person’s racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious, philosophical or similar beliefs, trade union membership, genetics, biometrics, health, sexual life or sexual orientation. In particular, as part of the eArcu online application process you may be asked to voluntarily provide Sensitive information relating to your nationality, ethnicity, religion or belief, sexual orientation, disability/long-term health condition and their affect, neurodiversity,  gender and trans status (referred to as “D&I Data”).  If you supply this kind of Sensitive information to us, it will be treated differently and we will explain why we are collecting it. We will only process Sensitive information where you have given your explicit consent. Where we process Sensitive data to help us ensure equality of opportunity or treatment in our publishing business and it is lawful, we may rely on our legitimate interests. See the section below on “How we use your information” in relation to Sensitive data to find out more about our use of your Sensitive information.
HOW WE COLLECT INFORMATION
We collect your information during the recruitment process directly from you (namely through our eArcu online application process) or from third parties.
Information we receive from third parties
:
We collect information as appropriate to each applicant from third parties such as:
– recruitment agencies and other recruitment partners and solutions including online services such as LinkedIn or other relevant background check agencies or other company employees who have interviewed you;
– medical practitioners with your consent;
– referees;
– previous employers.
Information about how you use our website and apps:
We will also collect certain information about how you use our website and apps and the devices that you use to access them. This includes your
IP address, geographical location, device information
(such as
your hardware model, mobile network information, unique device identifiers), browser type, referral source, length of visit to the website, number of page views, the search queries
you make on the website and similar information. This information is collected by Google Analytics on our behalf and may also be collected by third parties (such as Facebook) using cookies and similar technology on our website. For more information on cookies please read our
Cookie Policy
.
Our website may include links to third party websites, plug-ins and applications. By clicking on those links or enabling these connections you may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these websites and are not responsible for their privacy policies. Please ensure that you read the privacy notices on any such external websites.
HOW WE USE INFORMATION ABOUT YOU
We use your information lawfully. We do not sell your information to third parties. However we may share your information as set out in the section ‘When we share your information’.  The details of how we use your information and the legal bases for our use are set out below:
Where it is necessary to
comply with legal obligations
such as to check you are legally entitled to work in the UK
Where it is necessary for
our ‘legitimate business interests’ (legitimate interests)
or those of a third party and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
This means our legitimate interests in conducting and managing our business and our employment or working relationship with you.
Where we use your information for our legitimate interests, we make sure that we take into account any potential impact that such use may have on you. Our legitimate interests don’t automatically override yours and we won’t use your information if we believe your interests should override ours unless we have other grounds to do so (such as your consent or a legal obligation). If you have any concerns about our processing you have rights and choices which include the right to object (please see the section headed ‘Your Rights and Choices’).
We may use your information for the purposes listed below on the basis of
our legitimate interests
:
– to process any job applications you submit to us;
– to work with our third party recruitment agency to process any job applications you submit to us;
– to decide whether to recruit you;
– to inform and structure interviews as part of the recruitment process;
– to make decisions about your appointment;
– to contact you in case of suitable vacancies;
– to reimburse you any agreed expenses;
– to enable us to comply with our policies and procedures and to carry out our legal obligations and enforce our legal rights, or to protect your rights, property or safety or those of our employees;
– to detect and prevent fraud and unauthorised access or illegal activity;
– to operate a safe and lawful business where we have a legal obligation.
We will
use your Sensitive information in
the following cases:
– where necessary to carry out any employment law obligations in relation to your application;
– where it is needed for the public interest such as for equal opportunities monitoring and reporting;
– we will use your Personal Information relating to health to comply with your employment law rights to health and safety at work;
– we will use your Personal Information relating to health in conjunction with our occupational health advisers to assess your fitness to work;
– we may also process it where you have already made the information public;
– where you have given your explicit consent for example in a survey;
– D&I Data which you may choose to voluntarily provide as part of our eArcu online application form will only be processed with your consent and used to ensure we are effectively attracting and recruiting from a diverse range of candidates in line with our ongoing diversity and inclusion initiatives; and
– where your Personal Information is required for legal claims.
If you do not provide Personal Information:
If you fail to provide certain Personal Information when requested we may not be able to process your application appropriately.  However, please note that there is no obligation or requirement to provide any of the D&I Data that may be requested as part of our eArcu online application process.  To be clear, should you decide not to provide such D&I Data as part of our online application process that will not stop us either receiving, reviewing or considering your application.
WHO PROCESSES YOUR INFORMATION FOR US
Your information may be processed by our staff or by the staff of third parties we work with to deliver our business. Processing can mean any activity that involves the use of information about someone that can identify them. All uses, for example, obtaining, recording, storing, disclosing, organising, retrieving, deleting and destroying are types of data processing. We take measures to ensure that third parties processing your information on our behalf are acting lawfully in accordance with our instructions and are subject to appropriate confidentiality requirements. We also have adequate technical and organisational safeguards in place in our company and with third party processors to protect your information. Third party processors of your information include:
– our website hosts and operators, IT services and support providers, database operators, site analytics providers and software developers;
– eArcu, who operate our online application process – a copy of eArcu’s privacy notice can be found at
https://earcu.com/privacy/
– our couriers and delivery services;
– our auditors, technical consultants and legal advisors;
– our fraud detection services.
WHEN WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
We may share your information within the Hachette UK Group of companies, in particular the company where the job vacancy is.
We may share your Personal Information with third parties:
– recruitment agencies and other recruitment solutions and partners including online services such as LinkedIn;
– psychometric testing service provider;
– other third parties (including legal or other advisors, regulatory authorities, courts and government agencies) where necessary to enable us to enforce our legal rights, or to protect the rights, property or safety of our employees or where such disclosure may be permitted or required by law or where we have a legal obligation to do so
Where appropriate we require relevant third parties to enter into an agreement committing to compliance with all relevant data protection laws and we require them to have appropriate security measures in place to protect your information from unauthorised access, processing or use.
HOW WE LOOK AFTER YOUR INFORMATION
We look for opportunities to minimise the amount of Personal Information we hold about you.  Where appropriate we anonymise and pseudonymise your information. It is held in electronic and paper form. We use appropriate technological and operational security measures to protect your information against any unauthorised access or unlawful use, such as:
– ensuring the physical security of our offices, or other sites;
– ensuring the physical and digital security of our equipment and devices by using appropriate password protection and encryption;
– maintaining a data protection policy for, and delivering data protection training to, our employees;
– limiting access to your Personal Information to those in our company who need to use it in the course of their work.
HOW LONG WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION
We will retain your information during the term of your interaction with us or for as long as we reasonably require the information for our legitimate interests or for the purposes of exercising our legal rights and obligations or for as long as we have your consent to do so in the case of diversity and inclusion information about you.
Save where information is provided via the online application tracking system as described in the section below, we retain information relating to the applications of unsuccessful candidates in any recruitment for six months after the start date of the successful candidate. This includes application forms, letters, CVs, interview scoring sheets and any recruitment related correspondence. This is to enable providing references and to ensure that relevant information is available for any post-employment or post contract query relating to HMRC or Employment litigation.
If you are successful, your information will be kept along with any other employee related Personal Information you provide us in your personnel records for the duration of your employment with us and for seven years (7) after this date in accordance with our document retention policy.
Where you have provided your Personal Information via our online application tracking system, we will retain information stored on your candidate profile for a period of 24 months re-calculated from each time you access your account. The 24 month period will first begin when you create an account with us. After 24 months of inactivity on your account, your account will be deleted. You may delete your account (and the Personal Information we hold on your account) or update your account at any time – you can do this on your account profile or by contacting us. Any diversity and inclusion data submitted on our online application tracking system will be anonymous and aggregated. This unidentifiable data will be used for diversity and inclusion reporting and auditing purposes by the HR team.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS OF YOUR INFORMATION
Our company is located in the UK but we use service providers in other countries and we are part of a group of publishing companies located in different parts of the world.
We may therefore transfer your personal information out of the UK. Some countries do not have the same level of protection for personal data as the UK. Whenever we send your personal data to a country that does not have an adequate level of data protection we will take all steps necessary to ensure that it is protected and processed safely. Where appropriate we will use the International Data Transfer Agreement to ensure your data has similar protection as in the UK.
AUTOMATED DECISION MAKING
Automated Decision Making occurs when Personal Information is used by an electronic system to make a decision without human intervention for example where a computer reviews applications.
You will not be subject to automated decisions which have a significant impact on you based solely on automated means unless we have a lawful basis for doing so and have notified you.
We do not envisage making any decisions about you by automated means but we will notify you in writing if this position changes.
KEEPING THE INFORMATION UP TO DATE AND ACCURATE
Please keep us informed if your Personal Information changes during your application. This is important so we can ensure that the information we hold about you is correct and up to date.
YOUR RIGHTS AND CHOICES
You have choices and rights in respect of the information that we hold about you, including:
Your right to request access
to the information that we hold about you (“data subject access request or DSAR) This is the right to receive a copy of any information we hold about you in a structured, commonly-used, machine readable format or in another format of your choice;
You will not have to pay a fee to obtain access to your information unless your request is clearly unfounded or excessive. In such case a reasonable fee may be charged.  We may require you to provide us with information to help confirm your identity and ensure your right to access the information. This is to make sure that the personal data is disclosed to a person lawfully.
Your right to ask us,
in certain circumstances,
to delete information
we hold about you;
Your right to ask us to correct information
we hold about you if it is inaccurate or incomplete;
Your right to ask us,
in certain circumstances
to restrict processing
of your information;
Your right to request that we transfer
your information to another service provider
in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format;
Your right to Object
You have the right to object to our using your information on the basis of our legitimate interests (refer to section ‘How we use your information’ above to see when we are relying on our legitimate interests). If you want to do this you can contact us using the details in the section ‘Who we are’.
Your right to withdraw Consent
The right to withdraw your consent for our use of your information in reliance on your consent (refer to section ‘How we use your information’ to see when we are relying on your consent), which you can do by contacting us using any of the details in the section ‘Who we are’.
You have the right to receive a copy of any information we hold about you in a structured, commonly-used, machine readable format or in another format of your choice;
All the above rights may be exercised by contacting us at contacting us at
privacy@hachette.co.uk
or by sending us a written request by post to Carmelite House 50 Victoria Embankment, London EC4Y 0DZ, UK for the attention of the DPO (Legal Department).
Your right to Complain
Please contact us if you have any questions or are unhappy about the way your information is used. We hope we will be able to resolve any problems or issues you may.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint about us and our use of your information to the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (
https://ico.org.uk/
) or the relevant authority in your country of work or residence.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY NOTICE
We may make changes to this Privacy Notice from time to time. We will post any changes to the Hachette UK website (
www.hachette.co.uk
).
This Privacy Notice was issued on
10 October 2023
.
Notifications