Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Here at Kay Pictures, we take your privacy seriously and will only use your personal information to administer your account and to provide the products and services you have requested from us.
We collect information about you when you register with us or place an order for products or services. We do not share your data with third parties, but will use your information for marketing purposes, and to keep you informed about our products and services.
You have a right at any time to stop us from contacting you for marketing purposes, simply click the un-subscribe link in any newsletter. You have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you. If you would like a copy of some or all of your personal information, please email or write to us at the following address. We may make a small charge for this service.
Cookies
Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer if you agree. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer’s hard drive.
We use the following cookies:
Strictly necessary cookies. These are cookies that are required for the operation of our website. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our website, use a shopping cart or make use of e-billing services.
Analytical/performance cookies. They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
iSight Test Professional app
This app is designed to allow you to measure visual acuity and offers the option to store results on your device. This data is not stored elsewhere and cannot be shared or exported.
However, we recommend that when recording results, the notes section to identify a particular test result does not use personally-identifiable data, such as full name, date of birth etc.
When you use the iSight test app we do not collect statistical data which can be traced to you.
The app does not use cookies.
Say and Match app
This app is designed to help very young children learn the picture optotypes and processes of an eyesight test prior to being tested. There are three games in the app for familiarisation and for practising the test process, plus an in-app purchase which is a speaking Matching Card that displays the vision test pictures on screen and speaks the name of each one when tapped.
When you use the Say and Match app we do not collect statistical data which can be traced to you. The app does not use cookies and there a no adverts within the app.
Legal
We may disclose, but are not obliged to disclose, your personal information if required to do so by law or order of the court or if we believe that such action is necessary to prevent fraud or cyber crime or for the purpose of, or in connection with, any legal proceedings (including prospective legal proceedings) or for the purposes of obtaining legal advice or to protect us, our affiliates, our Website or the rights (including the rights of privacy, confidentiality and reputation), property or personal safety of any person or otherwise in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998.
Security
We place great importance on the security of our visitors personal information. We have security measures in place to attempt to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of personal information under our control. Whilst we cannot ensure or guarantee that loss, misuse or alteration of information will never occur, we use all reasonable efforts to prevent it. You should bear in mind that submission of information over the internet is never entirely secure.
This privacy policy only applies to this website so when you link to other websites you should read their own privacy policies.
Please contact us if you have any questions about our privacy policy or information we hold about you.
Registered office:
Kay Pictures Limited, 55 Grove Road, Tring, Hertfordshire, HP23 5PB.
Registered in England No. 7342445
Deliveries and Correspondence to:
Kay Pictures Limited, Unit 39, Silk Mill Business Park, Brook Street, Tring, Herts, HP23 5EF, UK
VAT number: 995 6379 45
This website is the copyright of Kay Pictures Ltd. No part may be reproduced, modified or its content used for public or commercial purposes without the prior permission of Kay Pictures Ltd.
Kay Pictures is a registered UK and European trademark.
The Kay Picture optotypes are protected by a Community Design Registration with the European Union Intellectual Property Office.