TechLife Platform Privacy Policy
Shenzhen Qianghe Technology Co., Ltd.( as hereinafter defined) (“we”, “us”, “our”, “Qianghe”) is committed to
        protecting your privacy.TechLife Privacy Policy (this “Policy”) describes our practices in connection with
        information privacy on Personal Data (as hereinafter defined) we process through your use of our services,
        products,
        and the TechLife Mobile Application (the “App”) and related mobile applications (collectively, the “Services”).
Before you use the Services, please carefully read this Policy and understand our purposes and practices of
        collection, processing of your Personal Data, including how we use, store and read Personal Data. In this Policy
        you
        will also find ways to execute your rights of access, update, delete or protect your Personal Data.
When you accept this Policy, or if you start to use the Services and does not expressly object to the contents
        of
        this Policy, we will consider that you fully understand and agree with this Policy. If you have any question
        regarding this Policy, please do not hesitate to contact us via:
Qianghe Privacy Office: service@techlifecloud.com
The TechLife App is free to download and use.
1. When using this software, we need to apply to you for Wi-Fi permissions, Internet permissions, Location
        permissions and Bluetooth permissions, so that your devices can have a good communication and interaction
        experience.
2. The above permissions and sensitive permissions such as camera, microphone, photo album(storage), GPS,
        calendar
        and other sensitive permissions will not default or force the collection of information.
3. If you agree to allow us to use these permissions, we can understand how we collect, use, share and store
        information, as well as the protection measures for information. If rejected, some functions of the App may not
        be
        available.
* Definitions*
Smart Device: Means non-standard computing devices produced or manufactured by hardware manufacturers, which
        have
        man-machine interface and can transmit information through wireless network, including smart household
        appliances,
        smart light control, smart wearable devices and smart air purification devices.
TechLife App: Means the application developed by Qianghe that connects to the TechLife IoT platform and provides
        users with smart device operation services and data presentation services.
Personal Data Information: Means information recorded electronically or in other ways that can be used alone or
        in
        combination with other information to identify individuals or reflect specific personal activities.
Personal Sensitive Data Information: Means including personal biometric information, communication records and
        contents, health information, transaction information and accurate location information. When we provide you
        with
        specific products or services and involve the collection of personal sensitive data, we will obtain your consent
        through significant and clear notice before collecting your personal sensitive data.
*What Personal Data Information Do We Collect*
The TechLife App is free to download and use. In order to provide the Services to you, we will ask you to
        provide
        necessary Personal Data that is required to provide those Services. If you do not provide your Personal Data, we
        may
        not be able to provide you with the Services.
If the Services you request or purchase are based on your account, please go to the registration/login page for
        guidance.
A：Information You Voluntarily Provide to Us
1. Account or Profile Data: When you register an account with us, we may collect your account name and contact
        details, such as your E-mail address, phone number, account, and login credentials. During your interaction with
        the
        Services, we may further collect your profile picture, country code, language preference or time zone
        information
        into your account.
B：Information based on additional functions
In order to offer you with more convenient and higher-quality Services with optimized user experiences, we may
        collect and use certain information if you consent to use additional functions in the App. Please note, if you
        do
        not provide such information, you may continue to use basic Services of the App and connected Smart Devices, but
        certain features based on these additional functions may not be available. These additional functions may
        include:
1. Additional services based on Wi-Fi permissions, Location permissions and Bluetooth permissions:
You may need to enable the Wi-Fi permissions, enable the Location services of the mobile device through the
        system
        authorization, use the Location-based functions and enable Bluetooth permissions, such as pairing Wi-Fi net with
        your Smart devices, Bluetooth (BLE) scanning , connecting and controling Smart devices.
2. Additional services based on Microphone permissions:
You can use the Microphone after you turn on the Microphone permissions to collect the surrounding sound to
        control
        the rhythm effect of LED color lights. Please know that even if you have agreed to turn on the Microphone
        permission, we will only collect the surrounding sound information when you actively click the Tape icon in the
        application.
3) Additional services based on Storage permissions:
We apply to you to obtain this permissions, one is to obtain music files for music playback and control the
        effect
        of LED lights according to the music frequency, the other one, is to obtain pictures for reading, as a color
        disk
        and to control LED lights. Please know that even if you have agreed to enable the Storage permissions, we will
        only
        access it when you actively click the Music icon or Picture icon in the application.
Please note that if you turn on any permissions, you authorize us to use relevant personal information to
        provide
        you with corresponding Services. Once you turn off any permissions, we will take it as canceling the
        authorization,
        and we will no longer continue to use the corresponding permissions, and the related functions may be
        terminated.
        However, your decision to turn off the permission will not affect the previous collection and use of information
        based on your authorization.
*Who do We Share Personal Data with*
At Qianghe, we only share Personal Data in ways that we tell you about. As we believe to be necessary or
        appropriate:
1) To comply with applicable laws and regulations;
2) To comply with legal process;
3) To respond to requests from public and government authorities, including public and government authorities
        outside your country of residence;
4) To enforce our terms and conditions;
5) To protect our operations, business and systems;
6) To protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of other users, including you; and
7) To allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
*Information Security Safeguards*
We use commercially reasonable physical, administrative, and technical safeguards to preserve the integrity and
        security of your personal information. Qianghe provides various security strategies to effectively ensure data
        security of user and device. As for device access, Qianghe proprietary algorithms are employed to ensure data
        isolation, access authentication, applying for authorization. As for data communication, communication using
        security algorithms, and transmission encryption protocols and commercial level information encryption
        transmission
        based on dynamic keys are supported. As for data processing, strict data filtering and validation and complete
        data
        audit are applied. As for data storage, all confidential information of users will be safely encrypted for
        storage.
        If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure, you must immediately notify us
        of
        the problem by
service@techlifecloud.com
*Information Retention Period*
We process your personal data for the minimum period necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy,
        unless there is a specific legal requirement for us to keep the data for a longer retention period. We determine
        the
        appropriate retention period based on the amount, nature, and sensitivity of your personal data, and after the
        retention period ends, we will destruct your personal data. When we are unable to do so for technical reasons,
        we
        will ensure that appropriate measures are put in place to prevent any further such use of your personal data.
*Your Rights Relating to Your Personal Data*
We respect your rights and control over your personal data. You may exercise any of the following rights:
By emailing us at
service@techlifecloud.com
You do not have to pay a fee and we will aim to respond you within 30 days. If you decide to email us, in your
        request, please make clear what information you would like to have changed, whether you would like to have your
        personal information deleted from our database or otherwise let us know what limitations you would like to put
        on
        our use of your personal information. Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before taking
        further
        action on your request, for security purposes.
You may:
1) Request access to the personal data that we process about you;
2) Request that we correct inaccurate or incomplete personal information about you;
3) Request deletion of personal data about you;
4) Request restrictions, temporarily or permanently, on our processing of some or all personal data about you.
*Changes to this Privacy Policy*
We may update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material
        changes,
        publish an announcement on the website 30 days in advance. We encourage you to periodically review this page for
        the
        latest information on our privacy practices.
*Contact Us*
If you have any questions about our practices or this Privacy Policy, please contact us as follows:
E-mail:
service@techlifecloud.com