We built the Recipe apps as an ad-supported app. This SERVICE is provided by RecipeWorlds.com and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform website visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and
disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in
relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we may collect is used for providing and
improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described
in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions,
which is accessible at Any Of our Recipe apps, unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain
personally identifiable information, including but not limited to The information that we request is [retained on your device and is not
collected by us in any way]|[will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you. [You can mention Google services here and link to Google’s privacy policy if you want].
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in case of an error in the app we collect
data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data
may include information such as your devices Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name,
operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date
of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data that is commonly used an anonymous unique identifier.
These are sent to your browser from the website that you visit and are stored on your devices
internal memory.
This Services does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and to improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent
to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of
this Service.
Publisher’s Apps Updates
We reserve the right to add or remove features or functions to existing Publisher’s Apps. When installed on your mobile device, the Publisher’s Apps periodically communicate with our servers. We may require the updating of the Publisher’s Apps on your mobile device when we release a new version of the Publisher’s Apps, or when we make new features available. This update may occur automatically or upon prior notice to you and may occur all at once or over multiple sessions. You understand that we may require your review and acceptance of our then-current EULA before you will be permitted to use any subsequent versions of the Publisher’s Apps. You acknowledge and agree that any obligation we may have to support previous versions of the Publisher’s Apps may be ended upon the availability of updates, supplements or subsequent versions of the Publisher’s Apps. You acknowledge and agree that we have no obligation to make available to you any updates, supplements or subsequent versions of the Publisher’s Apps.
Access
You must provide at your own expense the equipment, Internet connections, devices and service plans to access and use the Publisher’s Apps. If you access an Publisher’s App through a mobile network, your network or roaming provider’s messaging, data and other rates and fees may apply. You are solely responsible for any costs you incur to access the Publisher’s Apps from your device. Downloading, installing or using certain Publisher’s Apps may be prohibited or restricted by your network provider and not all Publisher’s Apps may work with your network provider or device. The publisher makes no representation that the Publisher’s Apps can be accessed on all devices or wireless service plans. The publisher makes no representation that the Publisher’s Apps are available in all languages or that the Publisher’s Apps are appropriate or available for use in any particular location.
In-App Purchases & Cancellation Rights
Certain Publisher’s Apps will allow you to make an in-application purchase. Payment for such purchases may be processed third parties who act on our behalf or directly by the mobile platform owner (e.g. Apple). By confirming the purchase , you:
agree that we will supply you the purchased service or item immediately after you have confirmed the purchase of the Publisher’s App;
if you reside in the European Union, you acknowledge that you will therefore no longer have the right to cancel under the EU’s Consumer Rights Directive (as implemented by the law of the country where you are located) once we start to supply the service or item; Please review the mobile platform owner’s terms in this regard before purchase. This may also apply to subscriptions and in-app purchases. You can find further information on canceling orders and any associated refunds on the website of the third party re-seller from whom you purchased the app.
and
acknowledge that, to the extent permitted by law, all sales are final and that Publisher is not required to provide a refund for any reason.
Subscription Services.
Certain Publisher on the Apple App Store will allow you to obtain the benefit of the application on a subscription basis. Payment for such a subscription (which may be for example daily, weekly, monthly, tri-monthly or yearly) may be processed in the application, by third parties who act on our behalf or directly by the mobile platform owner (e.g. Apple).
The subscription automatically renews for the same price and duration period as the original weekly/monthly/yearly plan unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24-hours before the end of the current period.
The payment will be charged to your iTunes Account when you confirm the purchase.
Free trial subscriptions may be cancelled at any point up to 24 hours before the expiry of the free trial (Apple). See below in paragraph 6 (“Trial Periods“) for further information.
You can cancel a subscription service at any time during the subscription period via the subscription settings in your iTunes account (open your device settings and tap iTunes & App Store > Apple ID > View Apple ID > enter the password > Subscriptions > Assembly > Cancel Subscription button at the bottom.). The cancellation will take effect after the last day in the relevant subscription period. See above in paragraph Above (
“In-App Purchases & Cancellation Rights“
) for further information. If you want to know more about this, please go to
http://support.apple.com/kb/ht4098
You can switch subscription plan anytime. Just open your device settings and tap iTunes & App Store > Apple ID > View Apple ID > enter the password > Subscriptions > AppName > select the subscription plan you are after.
Any unused portion of a free trial period will be forfeited when the user purchases our subscription.
Trial Periods.
Certain of our subscription services on the Apple App Store may from time to time be offered for a fixed period of time on a free-trial basis.
You are free to cancel a free-trial subscription at any time via the subscription setting in your iTunes account.
Weekly free trial automatically converts to a paid weekly subscription unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24-hours before the end of the trial period. From that point onwards, subscription automatically renews unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24-hours before the end of the current period.
Please note: your free-trial subscription will automatically renew as a paid subscription unless (a) auto-renew is turned off at least 24 hours before the end of the free-trial subscription period (Apple).
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal
Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they
are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use
commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over
the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot
guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be
directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, I
strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and
assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party
sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
This Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal
identifiable information from children under 13. In the case, we discover that a child under 13
has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you
are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal
information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page
periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact
us.
This Privacy Policy page was created at
https://recipeworldsblog.wordpress.com
.
Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Like
Loading...