Privacy Policy
Last updated on 13 March 2024
Culture Trip respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal data. This privacy notice will inform you as to how we look after your personal data when you visit and use our websites (theculturetrip.com and our related websites) (“
Website
”) or our Culture Trip branded app) or our Culture Trip branded app (“
App
”) and tells you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you. This privacy notice is provided in a layered format so you can click through to the specific areas set out below. Please also use the Glossary to understand the meaning of some of the terms used in this privacy notice.
👋
Important information and who we are
🔎
The data we collect about you
✅
How is your personal data collected
💡
How we use your personal data
📧
How we delete your personal data
🔧
Opting out of receiving personalised content and adverts
👀
Disclosures of your personal data
🌍
International transfers
🔒
Data security
⏰
How long will we use your personal data for
⚖
Your legal rights
📧
Contact Us
📘
Glossary
👋 Important information and who we are
This privacy notice aims to give you information on how Culture Trip collects and processes your personal data through your use of our Website or App, including any data you may provide through our Website or App when you sign up to our newsletter, make a purchase or set-up a user account. The Website and App are not intended for children (i.e. individuals aged 18 or under) and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children. It is important that you read this privacy notice together with any other notice we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing personal data about you so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your data. This privacy notice supplements the other notices we give and is not intended to override them.
Controller
The Culture Trip Limited is the controller and responsible for your personal data (referred to as “
Culture Trip
”, “
we
”, “
us
” or “
our
” in this privacy notice). Culture Trip is made up of different legal entities (The Culture Trip Ltd, The Culture Trip ISL Ltd and The Culture Trip USA Ltd). This privacy notice is issued on behalf of the Culture Trip Group so when we mention “
Culture Trip
”, “
we
”, “
us
” or “
our
” in this privacy notice, we are referring to the relevant company in the Culture Trip Group responsible for processing your data. We will let you know which entity will be the controller for your data when you purchase a product or service with us. Culture Trip Limited is the controller and responsible for the Website and App. If you have any questions about this privacy notice, including any requests to exercise.
Your legal rights
, please contact us using the details set out below.
Contact details
Full name of legal entity: The Culture Trip Limited Email address:
dpo@theculturetrip.com
Postal address: 129 W 29th, 11th Floor New York, NY 10001
Changes to the privacy notice
We will update this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect changes in our practices and services. When we do so, we will revise the “Last Updated” date at the top of this Privacy Policy. We recommend that you check our legal notices from time to time to inform yourself of any changes in this Privacy Policy or any of our other policies.
Third party links
The Website and App may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites or apps and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our Website or App, we encourage you to read the privacy notice of every website or app you visit.
🔎 The data we collect about you
Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. It does not include data where the identity has been permanently removed (i.e. anonymous data). We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together below:
Identity Data
includes first name, maiden name, last name, username or similar identifier, marital status, title, age or date of birth, gender, your photograph (where you sign-up to an account with us and choose to include your picture on your account), a copy of your passport or national identity card (for example, where we or one of our suppliers offer to facilitate VISA applications for the destination country of your trip)
Interaction Data
communications we have with you when you get in touch with us (via email, phone, social media, letters, live chat), information contained in or relating to any communications that you send to us through our Website or by other means (including the content and metadata associated with the communication)
Contact Data
includes email address, postal address, telephone number, social media identifier
Technical Data
includes mobile device ID (when using our App), internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type (for website use), time zone setting and location (precise or coarse), operating system and platform and other technology related information about the devices you use to access the Website or App. If you use our Website or App from a mobile device, that device will send us data about your location based on your phone settings. We will ask you to opt-in before we use GPS to identify your precise location
Profile Data
includes your username and password, your location, feedback and survey responses. When you log in with us via Facebook, we will receive (unless you change your settings within Facebook), your public profile information (i.e. your name, email and profile picture), a list of your friends which also use the App and your current city listed in your profile
Usage Data
includes information about how you use our Website or App (including your content viewing habits), products and services
Marketing Data
includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties.
Booking Information
includes any information that you volunteer as part of the booking with us (such as special assistance or dietary requirements), or various payment information (although credit card and other sensitive payment details are securely handled by our trusted payment provider).
We also collect, use and share Aggregated Data such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated Data may be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as this data does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your Usage Data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific Website or App feature or content. We do not willingly collect any Special Categories of Personal Data about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership). Nor do we collect any information aboutcriminal convictions and offences. We may collect information about allergies and medical conditions if this is necessary for your safety and security on the trip.
✅ How is your personal data collected?
We use different methods to collect data from and about you including through
Direct interactions, Automated technologies or interactions, Third parties or publicly available sources.
Direct interactions.
You may give us your Identity, Contact by filling in forms or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email or otherwise. This includes personal data you provide when you:
create an account on our Website or App;
book any product or service on our Website or App;
contact us regarding products or services we offer on our Website or App;
opt-in to receiving marketing emails from us;
enter a competition, promotion or survey; or
give us some feedback.
Automated technologies or interactions.
As you use the Website or App we may automatically collect Technical Data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. We collect this personal data by using cookies, server logs and other similar technologies. Please see our
cookie policy
for further details.
Third parties or publicly available sources.
We may receive personal data about you from various third parties as set out below:
Technical Data from analytics providers such as Google or Facebook to collect standard internet log information and details of Website visitors’ behavior patterns.
Technical Data from affiliate networks where you click on an affiliate link featured in our content.
💡 How we use your personal data
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Our ethos is to use your personal data in an ethical and transparent way, and we will never sell it. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:
Where it is necessary for the performance of a contract with you
Where we have obtained your consent
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and it does not override your interests or fundamental rights and freedom
Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation
Purposes for which we will use your personal data
We have set out below, in a table format, a description of all the ways we plan to use your personal data, and which of the legal basis we rely on to do so. We have also identified what our legitimate interests are where appropriate. Note that we may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data.
Purpose/Activity
Type of data
Lawful basis for processing including basis of legitimate interest
To allow you to open an account via our Website or App
(a) Identity (b) Contact (c) Profile
Necessary for our legitimate interests to offer a better service and user experience
To manage our relationship with you which will include: (a) Notifying you about changes to our terms or privacy policy (b) Asking you to leave a review or take a survey (c) Responding to your queries or complaints regarding the Website or App (d) Ability to send you marketing related emails
(a) Identity (b) Contact (c) Profile (d) Marketing
(a) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation (b) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to keep our records updated, to study how customers use our products/services, to respond to user’s questions on the use of our Website or App)
To enable you to partake in a prize draw, competition or complete a survey
(a) Identity (b) Contact (c) Profile (d) Usage (e) Marketing
(a) Performance of a contract with you (b) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them and grow our business)
To administer and protect our business and Website and App (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data)
(a) Identity (b) Contact (c) Technical
(a) Necessary for our legitimate interests (for running our business, provision of administration and IT services, network security, to prevent fraud and in the context of a business reorganisation or group restructuring exercise) (b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
To deliver relevant App and Website content and advertisements to you and measure or understand the effectiveness of the advertising we serve to you
(a) Identity (b) Contact (c) Profile (d) Usage (e) Marketing and Communications (f) Technical
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them, to provide a good experience to our users, to grow our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
To use data analytics to improve our Website, App, products/services, provision of content, marketing, customer relationships and experiences
(a) Technical (b) Usage
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to define types of customers for our products and services, to keep our website updated and relevant, to develop our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
To make suggestions and recommendations to you about goods or services or content that may be of interest to you
(a) Identity (b) Contact (c) Technical (d) Usage (e) Profile
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to develop our products/services and grow our business)
To track your viewing habits and engagement with affiliate links and adverts on the Website and App
(a) Technical (b) Usage
Necessary for our legitimate interests to develop and grow our business
To send you our email newsletter, including stories, photos, videos, insider tips, news and product updates, if you have subscribed to receive this. We vary the frequency of these emails, but we aim to email you regularly. Our newsletters may include personalised stories and offers (
show me an example
)
(a) Identity (b) Contact (c) Technical (d) Usage (e) Profile
Consent – we will only send you these types of emails if you have signed up to receive them.
To allow you to book a travel service(s) for example: an experience, a place to stay (e.g. in a hotel) or transport (e.g. car hire, flights) via our Website or App, for yourself and any other travellers who you may book the relevant travel service(s) for.
(a) Identity (b) Contact (c) Payment details (d) Booking information (e) Special assistance or dietary requirements (f) Any other information that you volunteer as part of the booking to us.
(a) Performance of a contract with you (b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation (c) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to be efficient about how we fulfil our contracts, to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them, to provide a good experience to our users, to grow our business and to develop our marketing strategy)
To deliver items you have ordered e.g. as part of an experience booking
(a) Identity (b) Contact
Performance of a contract with you
Change of purpose
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to get an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please
Contact Us
. If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
📧 How we delete your personal data
When you decide to delete your profile by clicking the "Delete Profile" button, the process begins with an automated email notification sent to
dpo@theculturetrip.com
. This email informs our Data Protection Officer (DPO) about your request to delete your profile. Following this notification, we proceed to systematically remove both the email and all your personal information from our database. This comprehensive approach ensures that your data is completely and securely deleted, reflecting our commitment to safeguarding your privacy and adhering to relevant regulations.
🔧 Opting out of personalized content and adverts
So that we can provide you with a great user experience, we may use your Identity, Contact, Technical, Usage and Profile Data to form a view on what we think you may want or need. This is how we decide which adverts and content may be relevant for you. We strive to provide you with choices regarding certain personal data uses, particularly around marketing and advertising and providing you with personalized content. We have established the following personal data control mechanisms:
How to opt- out of a personalised website or app experience
Opting out for App Users:
If you do not want your experience on the App to be tailored to you based on your viewing habits on the App, go to your profile->settings and slide the ‘Personalisation’ to ‘Off’. If you change your mind and would like to receive a personalised experience, you can simply slide the ‘Personalisation’ button back to ‘On’.
Opting out for Website users who are logged into their Culture Trip Account:
If you do not want your experience on the Website to be tailored to you based on your viewing habits on the Website, go to profile->settings and uncheck the ‘Personalisation’ checkbox. If you change your mind and would like to receive a personalised experience, you can simply re-check the box.
Opting out for Website users who do not have a Culture Trip Account:
If you do not want your experience on the Website to be tailored to you based on your viewing habits on the Website, please
click here
to opt out from personalisation. If you change your mind and would like to receive a personalised experience, you can simply
click here
. If you click the link to opt-out, we will place a ‘do not track’ cookie on your browser. Please note that if you delete all cookies on your browser, or if you use a different browser to access the Website you will have to click this link again in order to stop us personalising your experience on our Website.
Tracking andadvertising:
We use products offered by Google and Facebook in order to show you adverts which we think are likely to be relevant to you. If you do not want to receive personalized advertising, and marketing please follow the instructions in the paragraph below. If you want to change the personalized advertisement settings you can use the ads settings to manage the Google ads and opt out of interest-based ads by following
THESE
instructions. Furthermore, you can elect to reset your mobile device Advertising ID to clear any associated ad targeting or data collection activities. You may do so at the following links:
Android
/
IOS
Facebook may also collect information about how you use our website, such as which pages you visit through first-party cookies, to enable both Facebook and Culture Trip to provide more relevant messages to you across Facebook. You can opt out of Facebook first-party cookies by updating your
Facebook Privacy Settings
and control the information Facebook uses to show you advertisements by managing your
Ads Preferences
Do Not Track:
For California residents, “Do Not Track” (DNT) has been promoted by US regulatory authorities for the internet industry to develop and implement a mechanism that allows internet users to control the tracking of their online activities across websites. Culture Trip currently does not respond to DNT browser signals.
Marketing emails:
You can ask us to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by following the opt-out links on any marketing message sent to you, or by
contacting us
at any time.
Cookies:
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of the Website may become inaccessible or not function properly. For more information about the cookies we use, please see
cookie policy
.
👀 Disclosures of your personal data
We may have to share your personal data with the parties set out below for the purposes set out in the ‘How we use your personal data’ section above:
Internal Third Parties as set out in the
Glossary
.
External Third Parties as set out in the
Glossary
.
Third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this privacy notice.
We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our third-party data processors to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
🌍 International transfers
We share your personal data within the Culture Trip Group. This will involve transferring your data outside the United Kingdom and European Economic Area (
UK and EEA
). Some of our external third parties are based outside the UK and EEA so their processing of your personal data will involve a transfer of data outside the UK and EEA. Whenever we transfer your personal data out of the UK and EEA, we ensure a similar degree of protection is afforded. This could be achieved using one of the following ways:
We will only transfer your personal data to countries that have been deemed by the European Commission to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data. For further details, see
European Commission: Adequacy of the protection of personal data in non-EU countries
.
Where we use certain service providers, we may use specific contracts approved by the European Commission which give personal data the same protection it has in Europe. For further details, see
European Commission: Model contracts for the transfer of personal data to third countries
.
In some specific cases we may use certain service providers that use
Binding Corporate Rules which have been specifically approved by the European Commission.
.
Please
Contact us
if you want further information on the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your personal data out of the UK and EEA.
🔒 Data security
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality. We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
⏰ How long will we use your personal data for
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements. We retain your personal data while your account is in existence or as needed to provide you the Website and App services. This includes data you or others provided to us and data generated or inferred from your use of our Website or App. In some circumstances you can ask us to delete your data: see
Request erasure
below for further information. In some circumstances we may anonymise your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
⚖ Your legal rights?
Under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data.
Request access to your personal data
Request correction of your personal data
Request erasure of your personal data
Object to processing of your personal data
Request restriction of processing your personal data
Request transfer of your personal data
Right to withdraw consent
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact us by emailing
dpo@theculturetrip.com
No fee usually required
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
What we may need from you
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
Time limit to respond
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
📧 Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, or data protection matters generally, please contact us via email:
dpo@theculturetrip.com
. You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection isses (www.ico.org.uk). We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the ICO so please contact us in the first instance.
📘 Glossary
Lawful basis
Legitimate Interest
means the interest of our business in conducting and managing our business to enable us to give you the best service/product and the best and most secure experience. We make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your personal data for our legitimate interests. We do not use your personal data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law). You can obtain further information about how we assess our legitimate interests against any potential impact on you in respect of specific activities by
Contacting us
Performance of Contract
means processing your data where it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or to take steps at your request before entering into such a contract.
Comply with a legal or regulatory obligation
means processing your personal data where it is necessary for compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation that we are subject to.
Third parties
Internal third parties
Another company in the Culture Trip Group acting as joint controller or processor and who are based in the US.
External third parties
We use external third party service providers to help us provide our Website and App (e.g., maintenance, analysis, audit, marketing and development). They will have access to your information as is necessary to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for other purposes. We use external third parties such as social networks through the use of social plugins (e.g. share/like buttons). We use external third party service providers to help us with providing travel services to you, these may include travel service suppliers such as sales/reservation system providers, software companies, hotel suppliers, experience providers. This is not an exhaustive list.
Your legal rights
Request access
to your personal data (commonly known as a “data subject access request”). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Request correction
of the personal data that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us.
Request erasure
of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing (see below), where we may have processed your information unlawfully or where we are required to erase your personal data to comply with local law. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request.
Object to processing
processing of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms.
Request restriction of processing
of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios: (a) if you want us to establish the data’s accuracy; (b) where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it; (c) where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or (d) you have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
Request the transfer
of your personal data to you or to a third party. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.
Withdraw consent at any time
where we are relying on consent to process your personal data. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=privacy:
Notice
You must confirm your password to edit your account settings.
Log Into Facebook
You must confirm your password to edit your account settings.
Log In
Forgot account?
·
Sign up for Facebook
English (US)
Gaeilge
Polski
Lietuvių
Português (Brasil)
Русский
Română
Español
Français (France)
Deutsch
Italiano
Meta © 2025
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to help provide and improve content on
Meta Products
. We also use them to provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and to provide and improve Meta Products for people who have an account.
Essential cookies: These cookies are required to use Meta Products and are necessary for our sites to work as intended.
Cookies from other companies: We use these cookies to show you ads off of Meta Products and to provide features like maps and videos on Meta Products. These cookies are optional.
You have control over the optional cookies we use. Learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choices at any time in our
Cookies Policy
.
About cookies
What are cookies?
Learn more
Why do we use cookies?
Learn more
What are Meta Products?
Learn more
Your cookie choices
Learn more
Cookies from other companies
We use cookies from
other companies
in order to show you ads off of our Products, and provide features like maps, payment services and video.
Choose cookies by category
How we use these cookies
If you allow these cookies
If you don't allow these cookies
Other ways you can control your information
Manage your ad experience in Accounts Center
More information about online advertising
Controlling cookies with browser settings
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Sub-policy 1
https://www.usnews.com/features/info/privacy:
Privacy Policy
Last updated January 9, 2024.
Welcome to usnews.com, which is published by U.S. News & World Report, L.P. ("
U.S. News
"). As used in this Privacy Policy, “
Affiliates
” of U.S. News are any entities that control, are controlled by or under common control with U.S. News; and “
U.S. News
” includes any Affiliates of U.S. News that operate a U.S. News Service (defined below) and include without limitation USN College Advisor, Inc.
This privacy policy (this "
Privacy Policy
") applies to
www.usnews.com
and any other of our or our Affiliates’ websites, emails, digital services or mobile or other applications on which a link to this Privacy Policy appears (collectively, the "
U.S. News Services
" and include without limitation collegeadvisor.com, which is operated by USN College Advisor, Inc.). The U.S. News Services are provided by U.S. News or one of its Affiliates in their sole discretion. U.S. News may change, suspend or discontinue any or all of the U.S. News Services at any time. U.S. News does not control and is not responsible for, and this Privacy Policy does not apply to, any third-party site to which the U.S. News Services link or that links to any U.S. News Services.
U.S. News is the controller of your personal information or personal data (referred to herein as “
personal information
” or “
PI
”). We may also share your personal data with our Affiliates. When we share your personal information with them, our Affiliates may also be acting as controllers of your personal information.
You acknowledge that your use of the U.S. News Services is subject to this Privacy Policy.
If you are not willing for U.S. News to use your personal information as set out in this Privacy Policy, please do not use any U.S. News Services.
This Privacy Policy may be modified from time to time; the date of the most recent changes or revisions will appear on this page. We will notify you of any material changes to this Privacy Policy if required to do so. Your continued access to the U.S. News Services will constitute your acceptance of any changes or revisions to this Privacy Policy.
If you are a resident of California, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah or Virginia, please see the separate
U.S. State Privacy Notice
for additional information applicable to residents of those states.
Personal Information Collected by U.S. News
U.S. News collects personal information from you through means that include but are not limited to:
Account registrations
Subscriptions to email newsletters
Subscriptions to U.S. News products or services
Event registrations
Sweepstakes entries
Saved pages, such as articles, cars and hotels
Your navigation on the U.S. News Services
Your use of certain tools on the U.S. News Services, such as the “My Fit” or “Save Schools” tools in our Education section
Forms on the U.S. News Services that you complete requesting information or services from U.S. News or third parties
Information we (and third parties we feature on the U.S. News Services) may collect from you may include personally identifiable information including but not limited to:
Identifiers and contact information such as name, phone number, physical address, email address, and mobile identification number
Personal records such as name, signature, physical address, telephone number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, and debit card number
Personal characteristics or traits such as age and gender
Transaction / commercial information such as U.S. News’ products or services used, purchased, or considered; third-party business partners’/digital businesses’ products or services considered; and other purchasing or consuming histories or preferences provided by business and marketing vendors
Services usage information such as search, browsing history, and other interactions with the U.S. News Services
Interaction data such as reviews, comments, questions, answers to questions submitted and other data you choose to post
Other information provided by third parties such as focus or research groups
Technical information such as your internet protocol (“
IP
”) address, browser configuration, device type, unique device identifier, type of operating system you are using, information about your Internet service provider, time of your visit, whether you are a returning visitor, any referring website
Location data such as where you enable location-based features on your device or inferences of your rough location (such as zip code)
Professional or employment information such as your title, affiliated organization, professional expertise and experience, and education related information
Inferences from PI collected such as your interest in certain content based on the pages of the U.S. News Services you visit
Account information and password, such as account log-in and password combinations
Sensitive personal characteristics, such as race, ethnicity and religious affiliation that you voluntarily provide
You can register for or log into your account on certain U.S. News Services through Facebook, Google or Apple. If you choose to do so, we will have access to some of your account information from that service, such as your name, email address and other information in that account, as authorized by that service.  You have the ability to disable the connection between the U.S. News Service and your Facebook, Google or Apple account at any time.  Facebook, Google and Apple are not responsible for the U.S. News Services and the content contained therein.
U.S. News may also collect information about you from publicly and commercially available sources, as permitted by law, which we may combine with other information we receive from or about you.
Purposes of Processing
Generally, we collect, use, disclose or otherwise process your personal information in connection with the operation of our business, including for the following processing purposes:
Providing our products and services – to provide you with information, products and services, to perform activities that you have requested or information you agreed to receive or to provide you with special offers or materials on behalf of us, our Affiliates or our Third-Party Business Partners (defined below) that may be of interest to you.
Facilitating your relationship with our Affiliates and Third-Party Business Partners – to provide value-add and other services provided by our Affiliates and third-party partners, we may disclose your PI to our Affiliates and to certain third parties so that they can provide you with services you have requested or that you may be otherwise interested in (“
Third-Party Business Partners
”). These Third-Party Business Partners may include without limitation retail merchants, automobile dealers, financial institutions, public and private educational institutions, and companies in the consumer service industries.
Customizing your experience, offers, and content – to enhance your experience on the U.S. News Services and the products and services we offer, we may deliver to you curated content, including marketing for our own products or service offerings or that of our Affiliates and/or Third-Party Business Partners.
Registering and administering accounts – to process your registration with the U.S. News Services, verify your information is active and valid, and to manage your account.
Customer service and communications – to respond to questions, comments, or requests that you have for us or other customer service purposes; to contact you with regard to your use of the U.S. News Services and, at our discretion, changes to the U.S. News Services and/or their policies; and to verify eligibility for certain services offered by us or our Third-Party Business Partners.
Research, development, and analytics – to better understand how users access and use the U.S. News Services, both on an aggregated and individualized basis, in order to improve the U.S. News Services and respond to user desires and preferences, and for other research and analytical purposes.
Ad measurement, attribution, and other ad administration – to assist us in determining relevant advertising, the success of our advertising campaigns and where to place our ads, including ads placed on other websites. These activities may be carried out by us, our vendors, and/or third-party digital businesses.
Market research and customer satisfaction – to administer surveys and questionnaires, such as for market research or customer satisfaction purposes.
Targeting advertisements – to provide you or your device with customized advertisements based on your interests. See "
Use of Cookies
" below.
Safety, security, and compliance with legal obligations – for prevention, detection, investigation, and mitigation of illegal activities, fraud, injury to others or violation of our Terms and Conditions or our Privacy Policies.
For purposes disclosed at the time you provide your personal information.
For purposes that are compatible with the purpose of collecting your personal information and that are not prohibited by law.
Lawful Basis for Using your Personal Information
Under data privacy laws in certain jurisdictions, such as the General Data Protection Regulation (“
GDPR
”) in the United Kingdom (the “
UK
”) and the European Economic Area (the “
EEA
”), we require a lawful basis to process your personal information. In such jurisdictions, we rely on one of the following lawful bases to process your personal information:
To take steps to enter into or perform a contract we have with you.
To comply with our legal and regulatory obligations.
Legitimate interests, where those interests do not override your fundamental rights and freedoms, including our legitimate interests in customizing your experience, responding to your queries, promoting our business and engaging in business development, carrying out data analysis and market research, engaging with sponsors, carrying out systems maintenance and reviewing our data security.
On the basis of your consent.
When we process special categories of personal data or personal data that may be considered sensitive, we will rely on your explicit consent to do so.  We will process special categories of personal data relating to racial or ethnic origin when you voluntarily provide that information when creating a U.S. News education account, and we may share that information with K-12 schools, colleges, universities, online or graduate programs (“
Educational Institutions
”), as applicable, so they may contact you, including via email, for purposes of recruiting students.  See “
Educational Institutions and their Representatives
” below.
Sharing your Personal Information
We may share your personal information with, or receive your personal information from, third parties for various purposes, including the purposes set out above. We have set out a list of categories of recipients below and provided more detailed information of our data sharing beneath it.
We may share your personal data with following types of recipients:
Third party service providers, this may include vendors we use in the process of delivering the U.S. News Services, such as for data hosting or third party credit card processors and card issuers to process payments on our behalf. (U.S. News does not store any payment card information.)
Third-Party Business Partners (described in further detail
below
).
Third-party digital businesses (described in further detail
below
).
Educational Institutions and their third party representatives (described in further detail
below
).
Event or webinar sponsors.
Where you publicly post User Comments (defined below) or submit other public-facing content, other users of the U.S. News Services (described in further detail
below
).
Survey or focus groups we use for research and measurement purposes on our behalf or on behalf of our Affiliates or third parties.
Sweepstakes sponsors (described in further detail
below
).
Our Affiliates.
Government bodies, dispute resolution bodies, law enforcement bodies, regulators and courts.
Our advisors, including accountants, auditors, lawyers and other external professional advisors.
Third parties in the context of a restructuring or sale of all or parts of our business.
Third-Party Business Partners.
Certain Third-Party Business Partners offer promotions or services on the U.S. News Services.  U.S. News may earn a commission from products or services you purchase from such entities.  If you are interested in such promotions or services, you may be asked to share personal information to be able to receive more information about the promotion or service.  In some cases, U.S. News will collect personal information from you and provide it to such Third-Party Business Partner.  In other cases, such Third-Party Business Partner will collect personal information from you directly and may share it with U.S. News, in which case U.S. News may use your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy as though you had provided it directly to U.S. News.  The Third-Party Business Partner’s privacy policy will govern its use of your personal information, and U.S. News is not responsible for the privacy practices of such Third-Party Business Partners.  If you do not wish to receive further communications from them, you will need to so notify such Third-Party Business Partners.
Third-Party Digital Businesses.
When you use the U.S. News Services, subject to any applicable lawful basis requirement under applicable privacy laws, we may share information that we collect from you, such as your email address, IP address, or information about your browser or operating system, with our service providers or other third-party digital businesses for use in interest-based and targeted advertising.  You are able to control our use of cookies and other tracking technologies (including providing consent where required) through the use of our cookie Preference Center which you can access
here
. For further information on your choices with respect to cookies and interest-based advertising, see "
Use of Cookies
" below.
Educational Institutions and their Representatives.
We offer various tools for users of certain of our Education pages and our Education app that allow you to save and compare schools and to assess their suitability to your needs based on personalized criteria you provide.  In addition to the information you provide when you create a U.S. News education account, we may use information you provide through these tools and your navigation on our Education pages and in our Education app to infer which Educational Institutions you may be interested in, and we may share your personal information with them or their third party representatives so they may contact you, including via email, for purposes of recruiting students.  We may also share your personal information with Educational Institutions so they may contact you, including via email, for purposes of recruiting students if you meet certain characteristics such Educational Institutions are interested in.  You are not required to provide your race or ethnicity when you create a U.S. News education account, but if you do, you consent to U.S. News sharing that information with Educational Institutions so they may contact you, including via email, for purposes of recruiting students.  If you no longer wish for U.S. News to share your personal information with Educational Institutions, please complete our
Consumer Rights Request Form
.  If you do not wish to receive further communications from any Educational Institution, you will need to so notify such Educational Institution.
User Comments and other Public Submissions.
Some sections of the U.S. News services permit users to submit reviews, questions, answers to questions submitted, comments or other content for publication on the U.S. News Services (“
User Comments
”).  If you choose to submit User Comments, we may publish your name, screen name or such other information that you provide.  You may receive an email from us when other users respond to or interact with your User Comments.  (See “
How to Unsubscribe from Emails
” below.)  Please keep in mind before you submit any User Comments that your User Comments as well as any personal information you provide may be available to the public in perpetuity and may appear in third-party search engine results.  We do not remove User Comments at the writer’s request.
Sweepstakes Sponsors.
If you enter into any sweepstakes we offer, you must agree to the rules of such sweepstakes, which may require you to allow the sweepstakes sponsor to use your name, voice and likeness for promotional purposes in connection with the sweepstakes.  We may use your personal information provided in your sweepstakes entry in accordance with this Privacy Policy.  Your sweepstakes entry information will be shared with the sweepstakes sponsor, who may use it for marketing purposes in accordance with its own privacy policy, and with the sweepstakes administrator for purposes of administering the sweepstakes.  If you are a sweepstakes winner, your name may be disclosed on a winners list and as required by law.
Data Retention
We will retain your personal information for as long as is necessary or permitted for the processing purposes we have set out above. To determine the appropriate retention period for your data, we consider the purposes for which we process the personal information, the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your data, whether we can achieve those purposes through other means and the applicable legal requirements. We may also retain your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations and for the purposes of exercising, establishing or defending claims.
Please note that we may convert, or permit others to convert, your personally identifiable information into deidentified data or aggregate consumer information, in which case it will no longer be considered your personally identifiable information.
Transferring your Personal Information Internationally
By virtue of running our business we may sometimes transfer your personal information internationally. If you are located outside of the U.S., this will mean that your personal information will be transferred to the U.S.
In these situations, we will ensure that the transfer is carried out in accordance with the applicable data protection laws and that appropriate measures are implemented to preserve the confidentiality and security of your information. To ensure that your personal information receives an adequate level of protection when it is transferred internationally, we may rely on one of the following safeguards:
The transfer is to a country that has been deemed by the relevant regulator to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data;
We have put in place approved contractual terms approved by the relevant regulator; or
You have consented to the transfer (if applicable and permitted by law).
For further information about the safeguards relied on in relation to a particular transfer, please contact us using the contact details at the end of this Privacy Policy.
Data Security
We use commercially reasonable physical, technical and administrative controls to protect the information we collect online.  Personal information is transferred via secured protocols and stored in an encrypted location with controlled access. Please note that since no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage, is completely secure, we are unable to guarantee security of your information.
Links to Third-Party Sites
The U.S. News Services may link to third-party websites and services that are outside of our control. U.S. News is not responsible for the privacy or security of any information collected by such third-party websites or services. You should review the privacy policies applicable to any such third-party websites or services that you use.
We use Google Maps API on our content products including but not limited to our Best Cars product.  The use of Google Maps features and content is subject to (1) Google Maps/Google Earth Additional Terms of Service at
https://maps.google.com/help/terms_maps.html
; and (2) Google Privacy Policy at
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/.
How to Unsubscribe from Emails
If you decide that you do not wish to receive email communications from U.S. News and others, you may opt-out of receiving further commercial emails and other communications by clicking "Unsubscribe" or "Manage my email preferences" in any email.  Please note that even if you opt-out of receiving further commercial emails, you may still receive transactional emails.
Rights
Depending on the data privacy laws that apply to you, and your location, you may be able to exercise certain rights in relation to your personal information. If you are a resident of any U.S. state that with consumer privacy laws in effect, please see the separate
U.S. State Privacy Notice
for information about your rights in relation to your personal information.  For users outside of the United States, the following rights may be relevant to you:
To obtain access to your personal information - you may be able to request information on how we handle your personal information and request a copy of such personal information;
To request us to correct or update your personal information if it is inaccurate or out of date;
To object to the processing of your personal information where we rely on legitimate interests as our justification, unless we demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds which override your right to object or the processing is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims;
To erase your personal information held by us where the personal information is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which it was collected, in certain circumstances where you have objected to the processing of such personal information, or where the personal information has been unlawfully processed;
To restrict processing by us (i.e., the processing will be limited to storage only) where you oppose deletion of your personal information and prefer restriction of processing instead, or where you object to the processing by us where we rely on legitimate interests as our justification;
To transmit personal information you submitted to us back to you or to another organization in certain circumstances; and
When we are relying on your consent or explicit consent, to withdraw your consent or explicit consent at any time.
Please be aware that not all of these rights are absolute and that there may be situations in which you cannot exercise them or they are not relevant. If you wish to exercise any of your rights, please complete our
Consumer Rights Request Form
.
Use of Cookies
U.S. News and some advertisers, service providers and other third parties that help manage and optimize the U.S. News Services may place cookies and other tracking technologies on your computer or mobile device in connection with your use of the U.S. News Services.  For users outside of the United States, we will use only the cookies and tracking technologies labeled “Always Active” in our
Preference Center
unless you permit us to use other cookies and tracking technologies through your choices in our
Preference Center
.
"
Cookies
" are pieces of information that are placed in a storage place on your computer or mobile device when you visit the U.S. News Services. Cookies recognize your web browser; they do not contain information that is, in itself, personally identifying unless you have specifically provided such information. While you can disable cookies (follow your web browser's instructions to do so), it may interfere with the proper functioning of the U.S. News Services. Because an industry-standard Do-Not-Track protocol has not yet been established, we currently do not recognize any browser signals as "do not track" or "do not sell" requests. However, you may refuse through your web browser to accept cookies in order to prevent tracking activities. Please note that your web browser may not permit you to block the use of non-cookie tracking technologies, and those browser settings that block cookies may have no effect on such techniques. You can enable Global Privacy Control (“
GPC
”) on your device or browser to opt out of the sale or sharing of your personal information that is tracked via cookies.  To use GPC, you can download an internet browser or a plugin to use on your current internet browser and follow the settings to enable GPC.  To our knowledge, we have configured our websites to receive and honor GPC signals pursuant to the specifications and implementation instructions at
https://globalprivacycontrol.org/
.  Due to technical limitations, we are unable to apply GPC signals to non-cookie personal information.  Please note that GPC signals are unique to a device and browser, so you must enable GPC on each device and each browser you use.
Cookies and other tracking technologies are placed on your computer or mobile device to manage and optimize the U.S. News Services, including to improve the design, delivery and content of the U.S. News Services and to enable us to personalize your user experience. Cookies help deliver and measure the effectiveness of advertisements, calculate unique site visitors, track usage throughout our site, and make the login process more convenient for the U.S. News Services that use logins. If you have provided your email address for any U.S. News Services (for instance, when registering to use the U.S. News Services, subscribing to a newsletter or alert, or engaging in other actions where you provide your email address), we will track your usage of the U.S. News Services across different devices you use in order to provide you a more personalized experience on the U.S. News Services and for purposes of site analytics and interest-based advertising.  Google Analytics is one of the analytics providers we use.  You can read about
how Google uses information
from the U.S. News Services, and you can prevent Google’s use of your data by installing this
Google Analytics Opt-out Browser plugin
.
Advertisers and service providers may use cookies and other tracking technologies to recognize your computer or device and/or to collect and record information about your visits to the U.S. News Services and other websites, so that they can facilitate feature functionality, measure the effectiveness of ads, track page usage and paths followed during visits, and provide interest-based advertisements to you. These companies may provide this data to us. We do not have access to or control over these advertisers' or service providers' use of cookies or other tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about certain kinds of online interest-based advertising, please visit
National Advertising Initiative Consumer Opt Out
,
Digital Advertising Alliance Your AdChoices
or
AdChoices for your mobile device
. U.S. News does not provide any assurances that these third-party tools, programs or statements are complete or accurate.
We also contract with certain third parties to help manage and optimize the U.S. News Services who may also use cookies or other tracking technologies to collect information about your use of the U.S. News Services. Some of the things this information is used for include delivering advertisements, measuring the effectiveness of advertisements, and learning how visitors use the U.S. News Services.
Children Under Age 13 (under age 16 outside of the United States)
No one under the age of 13 should provide any personally identifiable information to U.S. News. U.S. News does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 without verified parental consent. In the event that we learn that we have collected such information from a child under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete this information from our database as quickly as possible. If you believe the U.S. News Services have collected any personally identifiable information about anyone under 13, please contact us at
privacy@usnews.com
. For users outside of the United States, the provisions of this paragraph apply to children under the age of 16.
How to Contact Us
If you have questions about our Privacy Policy, you may contact us at:
Attention: Legal/Privacy
U.S. News & World Report L.P.
129 W. 29th Street, 11th Floor
New York, NY 10001
privacy@usnews.com
Press Releases
U.S. News Unveils the 2025 Best Cars for…
MEDIA ADVISORY: Policymakers and Healthcare…
U.S. News Announces the 2025 Best Companies…
U.S. News Reveals the 2025 Best Hotels
U.S. News Expands Travel Vertical with…
See All Press Releases
Resources
About U.S. News
Learn more about our work and the team that makes it possible
Jobs
U.S. News is hiring. Check out our current job listings.
Leadership
Media Kit - Advertising
Looking to reach our audience? Learn more about advertising opportunities.
Contact Us
Have a question or comment? We would love to hear from you.
Editorial Guidelines
Learn more about the values of U.S. News' journalism.
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
Our Belief in the Value of Diversity, Equity and Inclusion.