Privacy Policy
Haedos Studio ("Haedos", "Tue Hoang", "we" or "us") is committed to protecting your privacy. We have created this Privacy Policy (the "Privacy Policy") to show our commitment to fair information acts and to the protection of your privacy while you use any of Haedos APPs and any services available through or in connection with the App (Exmple, In App purchases, "Subscription Services"). Your use of the App and of the Subscription Services is covered by this Privacy Policy and by the Terms of Use.
1. THE PRIVACY, APP, AND SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES CONTRACT
This Privacy Contract is applicable only to the App and to the Subscription Services, and it does  not apply to any other applications or subscription services that you may access through the App, including but not limited to applications and subscription services accessed via advertisements or connections to third-party content, each of which may utilize data collection, storage, and /or  practices and policies that differ considerably from this Privacy Contract. If you use our App or Subscription Services without registering, the only information that we shall collect shall be Non-Personal Information through the use of cookies or web beacons (See Section 2). If you choose to subscribe to our Subscription Service, we require you to submit certain information that will identify you, and which may include your first and last name, email address, cellular phone number, and/or account information for effecting charges (henceforth known collectively as "Personal Information"). You shall be responsible for assuring the accuracy of the Personal Information that you present to Haedos. Incorrect information will affect your use of the App and of the Subscription Services, as well as our ability to contact you using the contact methods described in this Privacy Contract.
2. PERSONAL INFORMATION
Even if you do not subscribe to the Haedos Subscription Service, we shall collect information in addition to your Personal Information ("Non-Personal Information") about your use of our App and Subscription Service.
A. Cookies
We utilize cookies to personalize your experience with the App and the Subscription Services, aswell as to store your login information so that you do not need to re-enter it each time you visit the App or access the Subscription Services. Cookies are small computer files that are transferred to your hard disc and which contain information such as your user name and the activities that you performed while using the App and Subscription Services. We do not connect the information stored in the cookies to any of your Personal Information. Some of our partners may also use cookies to provide us with anonymous global data and information regarding our users. We do not have access to or control over these cookies, and our Privacy Contract does not cover the use of third-party cookies.
B. Data Traffic
We shall automatically track and collect the following categories of information when you visit our App or use our Subscription Service: (1) Internet Protocol ("IP") addresses; (2) Domain servers; and (3) Types of Computers and / or mobile devices used to access the App or the Subscription Services. We shall not connect Non-Personal Information received as data traffic to your Personal Information.
3. PERSONAL INFORMATION
A. Registration
In order for you to use our Subscription Services plan, we shall ask that you provide specific Personal Information. Personal Information includes contact information, such as your first name and last name, your email address, cellular phone number, and, when applicable, account information for effecting charges. We shall use the personal information you provide to respond to your questions and to send you messages about the App, as well as for service maintenance and updates. You may opt out of providing any personal information. In this case, you may still access and use parts of the App and the Subscription Services.
4. OUR USE AND DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may use your Personal Information to send you information about the App or the Subscription Services, and to contact you when necessary, including an email to verify your subscription. We may use your data traffic to personalize and adapt your experience with the App and the Subscription Services, and in our communications with you in order to exhibit content that we believe you may be interested in and which may be consistent with your preferences.
We may share your personal information and data traffic with our partners who assist us through the development of essential services involved in the operations of the App and Subscription Services. Our partners shall be obligated to maintain the same security and confidentiality standards that we promise to you in this Privacy Contract. They shall use your personal information only to meet specific business obligations and to provide services involved in the App.
We reserve the right to disclose your Personal Information if it is demanded by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and / or to satisfy a legal procedure, judicial order or a lawsuit.
5. LINKS TO OTHER APPLICATIONS
The App may present advertisements and shall contain links to other applications with which Haedos Studio is not affiliated ("Third-Party Apps"). Haedos will not share your personal information with Third-Party Apps. Haedos is not responsible for the privacy practices of Third-Party Apps. Some Third-Party Apps may possess styles and appearances that are similar to our App. We ask you to be aware that you may be in a different application, and that this Privacy Contract covers only our App. If you decide to utilize Third-Party Apps, we suggest that you read their privacy policies carefully.
The Personal Information that we collect about you is stored on a secure, password-protected server. Only authorized personnel have access to your Personal Information.
6. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY CONTRACT
We reserve the right to alter this Privacy Contract at any moment and at our sole discretion. In the event of any changes to this Privacy Contract, we shall publish an altered agreement in the App that will inform you of these changes. This message will notify you of the nature of these changes and provide a link to the new Privacy Contract for your review. The use of the information we collect is always subject to the Privacy Contract that is in effect at the moment when this information is collected.
7. LIST Of APPS Or GAMES
Kid Video - game for kids
Nursery rhyme for kids
If you have any questions, please contact us at
tuehoang66@gmail.com
.
Copyright © 2017 Haedos Studio. All rights reserved.