Privacy and Safety
Information We Collect:
Just a Baby
collects personal data including your name, birthday/age, gender, intentions regarding conception, email/phone number, Facebook ID, photos, and location.
We may collect information related to your mobile device such as operating system, IP address, and device identifiers.
We may also collect your geolocation information with your consent.
When We Collect Your Data:
We collect this information when you install and register the Just a Baby app on your mobile device, use services on our app or website, or engage with us through email, web forms, instant chat with support, or when you post content on our platform (including forms, blogs, or messaging features).
How and Why We Use and Share Your Data:
Just a Baby will not rent or sell your personally identifiable information to third parties without obtaining your explicit consent. Your data is used to create and manage your account and to help provide relevant demographic filters within the app.
We may share non-personally identifiable information (such as anonymous usage trends and data) with third parties to help them understand user behaviour on the platform. Our partners may choose to publish these results, but the shared data will not include personally identifiable information.
Analytics and marketing tools used by Just a Baby may process your personal information. This data may be shared with our service providers such as Facebook and Google, to analyze demographics and usage patterns.
Additionally, Just a Baby uses YouTube API services, and by using this app, you agree to
Youtube Terms of Service
and the
Google Privacy Policy
.
Contacting You:
You may receive direct communications from Just a Baby via email or phone regarding app updates, outages, news, or relevant marketing offers.
Data Deletion Request:
If you wish to delete your information, you can request permanent account deletion through the app’s settings page. This will permanently remove all personally identifiable data from our systems. Please note that this action is irreversible, and all pending transactions or requests will be cancelled upon deletion.
Have a question about your data? Contact Just a Baby
here
.
We may collect information related to your mobile device such as operating system, IP address, and device identifiers.
We may also collect your geolocation information with your consent.