Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy
This Policy describes the ways in which the company collects and uses information about you when you play the company’s product which accessed via Apple’s ‘App Store’, Google Play, Windows Phone, Blackberry World and Amazon AppStore for Android.
If you have any queries about this Policy, please contact the company using our contact details below.
Who this Policy applies to:
By downloading and/or accessing any of the company’s product you agree to be bound by this Policy in respect of the information collected about you. The company may change this Policy at any time. If we make material changes to the Policy we will notify you prior to such change. If you do not want to consent to the changes in the Policy you should stop using the company’s product. Subject to such notification, the company shall deem your continued use of the company’s product as indicating your consent to the processing of personal data described in this Policy, including such changes. This Policy applies to people who use the company’s product and people who make complaints to us by email.
Information the company collects and uses if you contact us or make complaints:
When the company receives complaints by email it files any relevant document and may retain details of the complainant and other individuals identified in the complaint. The company will only use this information to process the complaint and to check on the company product’s services and staff. Subject to mandatory law, the company shall retain information in relation to a complaint for 7 years after its closure, in a secure environment and access to it will be restricted on a ‘need to know’ basis.
Information the company collects when you use the company’s products:
The company may collect the following information when you use the products:if you sign into one of the products through a social network the company may be able to access certain information about you through that Social Network. For example on Facebook, your Facebook ID, information relating to your friends, profile picture, gender, language, geo-location or the device you are using. The company will only access information which you have agreed to make available as part of your membership of such social networks. You can change what information the company can access by changing your privacy features on your social networks; Information in relation to your purchases within the products, these are handled through the platform on which you purchased the product or other payment processors (e.g. the Apple App Store, Google Play, Amazon AppStore). The company does not retain any card or payment details. The company does keep a record of your purchases and your aggregate spending; and your Unique Device Identifier or a record of the internet browser which you are using when you use the product. This may provide the product with an approximate location as to where you are using the product and on what device.
How we uses information collected from you when you use the products:
The company may use the information it collects from you described in paragraph 3 above to: tweak, tune and facilitate the improvement of the product and your experience of the product; provide advertising within the product which is more relevant to you (for example, which is based on your location and information made available through your social networks); allow you to partake in the product as social games, for example if you wish to play as part of a ‘Team’. Your information (for example your Apple Game Centre Name, your name and photo from social networking platforms or any ID which you have given us) may be shared with other players and within your social networks. You may also share elements of your performance or participation in the product with other players and your social networks and invite other people to play with you; complete your transactions in respect of your purchases within the product; provide technical support in relation to player enquiries and troubleshooting; prevent fraud or illegal activities; share this information with the following third parties for the following purposes: any third party, such as group companies, processing data on behalf of the company; The company’s online partners to serve adverts within the product. The company may share your anonymized Unique Device Identifier and other relevant data with you with its partners to ensure that the ads you receive are relevant to you; your social networks (including Facebook), who may combine this information with other information they hold about you – you should refer to your social network’s privacy policy to see how they will use this information; any third party, in relation to the sale of some or all business, or its assets, or as part of any business restructuring or reorganization. The company will take steps with the aim of ensuring that your privacy rights continue to be protected; data aggregators and service providers as part of an analysis of player metrics or sales performance and as further described in paragraph 9; or law enforcement agencies in compliance with law enforcement.
Right to request deletion of your personal information and how to do that
You may also request that we delete any personal information that we have collected from/about you. However, we may retain personal information as authorized under applicable law, such as personal information required as necessary to provide our services, protect our business and systems from fraudulent activity, to debug and identify errors that impair existing functionality, as necessary for us, or others, to exercise their free speech or other rights, comply with law enforcement requests pursuant to lawful process, for scientific or historical research, for our own internal purposes reasonably related to your relationship with us, or to comply with legal obligations. We need certain types of information so that we can provide our services. If you ask us to delete it, you may no longer be able to access or use our services.
You can fill
this form
or send email to request us to delete your personal information.
For security purposes, we may request additional information from you to verify your identity when you request to exercise your California privacy rights.
If you have an online account with us, logging into your account will serve to verify your identity and request, although we may request additional information if we believe your account has been compromised. If you do not have an account with us, or if we have reason to suspect that the security of your account is compromised, we will request additional information from you to match with our existing records to verify your identity, depending on the nature of the request and the sensitivity of the information sought.
Links to third party websites and third party adverts:
The company is not responsible for the privacy policies and practices of other sites even if you access them using links from the product, adverts in the product or from adverts on a webpage when you are using the product. We recommends that you check the policy of each site you visit and contact its owner or operator if you have any concerns or questions. In addition, if you link to the product from a third party site or via a social network (e.g. Twitter, Facebook), the company is not responsible for the privacy policies and practices of the owners or operators of that third party site and recommend that you check the policy of that third party site and contact its owner or operator if you have any concerns or questions.
Security:
The company has implemented technology and policies to safeguard your privacy and personal data from unauthorized access and improper use. You may also change your account settings on your social networks (e.g. Facebook) to prevent both us and third parties seeing information in relation to you.
The company’s policy towards children under 13:
If you are under 13 years of age or a minor in your country of residence, you need your legal guardian's permission to use or access the product. The company’s product is intended for audiences aged 13 and above. However, the content of the product has been rated by Apple as being acceptable for ages 4 and above. The company does not request, seek or track the age of its players and so any individual who has access to a device of any age may play our game and, if unsupervised, make purchases without the device owner’s permission. If as a parent or guardian of an under 13 or a minor, you have any concerns about our Policy or you have experienced issues with purchases been made using your device without your permission please contact us. Please note that it is the platform providers (e.g. the Apple App Store, Google Play etc.) not the company who control the payment process for in app purchases. Thus, any queries or application for refunds should be made directly to the platform provider. However, should you wish to contact us we would be more than happy to discuss any query you have with you. Information on how to complain about purchases can normally be found within invoices from platform providers.
Contact
If at any time you would like to contact the company about your views on this Policy or any enquiry relating to your personal information you can do so by sending an email to us.
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it