Casino Games Limited
offer a rich of applications and bring joy to our guests around the world.
The privacy policy is designed to provide transparency into our privacy practices and principles, in a format that our guests can navigate, read and understand. We are dedicated to treating your personal information with care and respect.
Privacy Policy
Last Modified: September 8, 2021
This privacy policy explains the treatment of information provided or collected on applications we make available on third-party sites or platforms if disclosed to you in connection with use of the application. We follow this privacy policy in accordance with local law in the places where we operate.
Types of Information We Collect
We may receive certain information about you from third parties, such as Google or Apple. For information about how a third party may collect and disclose your information, please consult the third party’s respective Privacy Policy. We have no control over how the third party uses or discloses the personal information you provide to it.
We may receive and store any information that you provide when you interact with our applications. Some features or functionality of the services may be unavailable if you choose not to share certain information. We may use information you provide to communicate with you and to improve our services. We collect the following categories of information shared by the third party:
Your first and last name;
Your profile picture or its URL;
Your user ID number and profile information;
Your login e-mail provided to the third party;
Usage, viewing and technical data, including your device identifier or IP address, when you use our applications on platforms.
How Information Is Used, Shared and Disclosed
We don't sell, and generally don't disclose your Personal Information to third-parties without your consent.
We may uses your information for the following purposes:
Provide you with the products and services you request;
Contact you about promotional and marketing activities;
Provide customer support;
Optimize or improve our products, services and operations.
How to Control and Delete Your Information
If you want to request to review, delete, or change the information we have about you; request that we no longer make active use of your information; or if you have additional questions, please send an email to us at support@hhsdaily.zendesk.com with your request and identifying information in the body of the email, including your first name, last name, e-mail address or login name you use to access our Application and Services. We will respond to your email as soon as possible. Please note that certain records, for example those relating to payments or customer service matters, will be held for legal and accounting purposes. If you have previously allowed us to access your precise geolocation data or receive push notifications through your device, you can stop making precise geolocation available to us or receiving push notifications by visiting your mobile device's settings for the relevant Application or in some cases, through the Application itself.
Security
The security, integrity and confidentiality of your information are extremely important to us. We have implemented technical, administrative and physical security measures that are designed to protect guest information from unauthorized access, disclosure, use and modification.
However, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. While no security system is completely secure, Casino Games Limited and its third-party partners and vendors take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access or disclosure of the information collected by us.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes to information practices. We will provide notice to you if these changes are material and, where required by applicable law, we will obtain your consent.
Contact Us
If you have questions or comments regarding how Our Company protects your information or this Privacy Policy, please contact us.