Clozemaster
Languages
About
Login
Play
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. Capitalized terms not defined here have the meanings set forth in the terms and conditions (the "Terms and Conditions"), located at
https://www.clozemaster.com/terms
. By using or accessing Clozemaster, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy as well as our policies linked below.
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Information We Collect
When you use the Service you provide us with two types of information: (i) information you submit via the Service and (ii) information regarding your use of the Service collected by us as you interact with the Service.
When you enter the Website, we collect your browser type and your IP address (a unique address that identifies your computer on the Internet). When you use our mobile Application, we collect your device type, your device ID, and your IP address. In addition, we store certain information from your browser using "cookies." A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's computer tied to information about the user. We use session ID cookies to confirm that users are logged in. If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to deny or accept the cookie feature; however, you should note that cookies may be necessary to provide you certain features available on the Website (e.g., customized delivery of information).
Through the registration process you may provide us with your email address and other information that may be requested during the registration process.
When you use the Service you may submit information and content to your profile, generate Activity Data through engaging in educational activities on the Service, or send messages and otherwise transmit information to other users. We store this information so that we can provide you the Service and offer personalized features.
We will not give, rent, sell or otherwise distribute your email address or any other personal information to any third party without your explicit consent. The only exception to this policy will take place if it is necessary to disclose information to law enforcement or other government authorities as part of an investigation, and the law demands that we comply.
Use of Information Obtained by Clozemaster
We may use your contact information to send you notifications regarding updates and services offered by Clozemaster that we think you may find valuable. Clozemaster may also send you service-related announcements from time to time through the general operation of the Service. Generally, you may opt out of such emails.
Email marketing messages from Clozemaster include an opt-out mechanism within the message itself (e.g. an unsubscribe link in the emails we send to you). Clicking on the link in an email will opt you out of further messages of that category (e.g. Language Updates).
Clozemaster may use or share aggregate or anonymous data collected through the Service, including Activity Data, for purposes such as understanding or improving the service.
Information Obtained by Third Parties
To support and enhance the Service, we may work with a variety of third party advertising networks, marketing analytics service providers and website analysis firms (collectively, “Third Party Advertising Service Providers”). These Third Party Advertising Service Providers may collect and use non-personally identifiable information about your visits to and use of the Website and mobile Application as well as other websites in order to serve you with advertisements and content tailored to meet your preferences and likely interests or better understand ad effectiveness. Aggregate demographic and interest data may also be used for market research purposes.
You can opt-out of receiving personalized ads from advertisers and ad networks that are members of the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) or who follow the DAA Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising using their respective opt-out tools. The NAI's opt-out tool can be found here http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ and the DAA's opt out tool can be found here http://www.aboutads.info/choices/.
In addition, your mobile devices may offer settings that enable you to make choices about the collection, use, or transfer of mobile app information for online behavioral advertising (for example, Apple iOS’ Advertising ID and Google Android’s Advertising ID). Please note that opting out does not prevent the display of all advertisements to you.
Sharing Your Personally-Identifiable Information with Third Parties
Clozemaster shares your personally-identifiable information only when it is reasonably necessary to offer the Service, legally required, or permitted by you. For example:
We may provide personally-identifiable information to service providers who help us bring you the Service, such as hosting the Service at a co-location facility, sending email updates, or processing payments. In connection with these operations, our service providers may have access to personally-identifiable information for a limited time. When we utilize service providers for processing any personally-identifiable information, we implement reasonable contractual protections limiting the use of that personally-identifiable information to the provision of services to Clozemaster.
We may be required to access and disclose personally-identifiable information in response to lawful requests, such as subpoenas or court orders, or in compliance with applicable laws. Additionally, we may access and share account or other personally-identifiable information when we believe it is necessary to comply with law, to protect our interests or property, to prevent fraud or other illegal activity perpetrated through the Service or using the Clozemaster name, or to prevent imminent harm. This may include accessing and sharing personally-identifiable information with other companies, lawyers, agents or government agencies.
If the ownership of all or substantially all of the Clozemaster business, or individual business units or assets owned by Clozemaster that are related to the Service, were to change, your personally-identifiable information may be transferred to the new owner. In any such transfer of information, your personally-identifiable information would remain subject to this section.
Updating or Deleting Your Personally-Identifiable Information
You have at all times the right to delete your account with Clozemaster by following the instructions available through the Service. After your account is deleted we will retain aggregate or anonymous data collected through the Service, including Activity Data, which may be used by Clozemaster and shared with third parties in any manner.
Third Party Websites and Links
Please note that you may have cookies placed on your computer by third party websites that refer you to our Service. Although we do not share your personal information with these third party websites unless it is reasonably necessary to offer the Service, they may be able to link certain non-personally identifiable information we transfer to them with personal information they previously collected from you. Please review the privacy policies of each website you visit to better understand their privacy practices. In addition, Clozemaster would like to inform you that anytime you click on links (including advertising banners), which take you to third party websites, you will be subject to the third parties’ privacy policies.
Our Services may contain links to other sites operated by third parties. Clozemaster does not control such other sites and is not responsible for their content, their privacy policies, or their use of personal information, including any personal or financial information collected by our third party payment processor to process payments for in-app purchases. Clozemaster’s inclusion of such links does not imply any endorsement of the content on such sites or of their owners or operators except as disclosed on the Services. Any information submitted by you directly to these third parties is subject to that third party’s privacy policy.
Links
The Service may contain links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other websites. We encourage users to be aware when they leave the Service to read the privacy statements of other websites that collect personally identifiable information. This Privacy Policy applies only to information collected by Clozemaster via the Service.
Information Security
We protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
Do Not Track
The Service is not designed to respond to “do not track” signals sent by some browsers.
Contact Us
We will make readily available to users information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.  To understand more about our Privacy Policy, access your information, or ask questions about our privacy practices or issue a complaint, please contact us at
privacy@clozemaster.com
.
If you have a General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) related concern, inquiry, or request, please let us know by completing
this form
and we will get back to you as soon as possible.
Last revised: December 30, 2023
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.iubenda.com/privacy-policy/11864639:
Personal Data processed for the following purposes and using the following services:
Analytics
Google Analytics 4
Personal Data: number of Users; session statistics; Trackers; Usage Data
MixPanel
Personal Data: Trackers; Usage Data
Google Analytics for Firebase (for apps)
Personal Data: in-app purchases; launches; number of sessions; session duration
Collection of privacy-related preferences
iubenda Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution
Personal Data: Trackers
Contacting the User
Contact form
Personal Data: country; email address
Content performance and features testing (A/B testing)
Firebase Remote Config
Personal Data: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service
Displaying content from external platforms
Font Awesome
Personal Data: Trackers; Usage Data
Handling payments
Paddle
Personal Data: billing address; contact info; contents of the email or message; email address; payment info
Payments processed via the Apple App Store and Payments processed via the Google Play Store
Personal Data: billing address; email address; payment info
Hosting and backend infrastructure
Heroku and Amazon Web Services (AWS)
Personal Data: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service
Infrastructure monitoring
New Relic
Personal Data: device information; geography/region; interaction events; number of sessions; session duration; various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service
Firebase Performance Monitoring
Personal Data: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service
Managing contacts and sending messages
Sendgrid
Personal Data: email address
Managing support and contact requests
Help Scout
Personal Data: Data communicated while using the service; Trackers; various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service
Platform services and hosting
Google Play Store
Personal Data: Usage Data
Registration and authentication provided directly by this Application
Direct registration
Personal Data: country; email address; password; Usage Data; username; various types of Data
Tag Management
Google Tag Manager
Personal Data: Trackers; Usage Data
Contact information
Owner and Data Controller
Language Innovation LLC
240 Elm Street 2nd and 3rd Floor
Somerville, MA 02144
Owner contact email:
support@clozemaster.com