Ask
great
questions.
Deepen connections.
Punch awkward silences in the
mouth.
Party Qs is the #1 app for conversation starters with over 2,000 hand-selected questions.
Download Party Qs for free:
Topics for
Couples
, Friends, and Family.
The Best Conversation Starters Always In Your Back Pocket
Slide 1
Slide 1 (current slide)
Slide 2
Slide 2 (current slide)
Slide 3
Slide 3 (current slide)
Slide 4
Slide 4 (current slide)
What People Are Saying About Party Qs
"Equal parts thoughtful and humorous."
Ellen Smith
, Trend Hunter Journalist
"A must download."
Austin Raye
, Fitness Influencer
"Best app of October."
Americanoize Magazine
"A really compelling app for dinner parties 🎉"
Paul Kemp
, The App Guy Podcast
Swipe through hand-curated questions like these:
Date Night
What makes you feel most alive?
#partyq1
"I've gotten to know the people in my life so much better with Party Qs."
–
Michelle B.
, social media influencer with 500k subscribers.
How People Use Party Qs
For love
Couples
Dating
Marriage
For fun
Road trips
Campfires
Holidays
For work
Employee engagement
Networking
Community
Browse all 46 question categories
“We love this game.
we used it last evening at an event with young adults and some teens, and it was a FANTASTIC conversation starter. Fabulous.”
— Kim, School Teacher
"Super simple
, love the sharing as an image! I use these questions on dates lol ...no joke."
— Google User Review
Get Party Qs for free:
"The art and science of asking questions is the source of all knowledge."
— Thomas Berger, novelist
Party Qs in the news
Conversation App That Inspires Long-Distance Deep Talks
Why We Made Party Qs
Party Qs
exists to help people get to know each other better and connect on a deeper level through fun and interesting conversations.
Party Qs is purely focused on having great conversations. You know you're using the app right if you totally forget about your phone. Our mission is to create a safe environment for having great talks with the people you love ... online or in-person, surrounded with laughter.
Frequently Asked Qs
Is Party Qs free?
Yes! There are also in-app purchases to unlock premium question packs but most of our questions are free in the app.
Is Party Qs like Table Topics?
They are similar, but Party Qs is free and app-based so you don’t have to carry decks of cards around in your pocket!
Does Party Qs make adult-rated questions?
Party Qs does not make adult-rated content. All of our questions are family-friendly and profanity-free, so that they can be enjoyed by everyone.
How do I request a feature or category?
Contact us at dave at partyqs dot com. We’d love to hear from you.
How do I submit my own questions?
You can submit questions anytime in the Party Qs app. All submissions are reviewed carefully by the Party Qs curation team. If your question is selected for publishing, your name will be credited as the author of the question.