Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes how Flirty Emoji. (
"Flirty Emoji"
,
"We"
,
"Us"
, or
"Our"
) protects your privacy when you use Flirty Emoji (the
"Flirty Emoji Service"
) which includes all mobile phone applications developed by Mantong.
PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY. BY ACCESSING OR USING THE SERVICE, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS DESCRIBED HEREIN AND ALL TERMS AND CONDITIONS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH BELOW, YOU MAY NOT USE THE FLIRTY EMOJI SERVICE.
This Privacy Policy applies to information (including personal information) collected through the Flirty Emoji Service. For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, "personal information" means information that identifies you personally, either alone or in combination with other information available to us. Personal information does not include technical, device, or usage information that cannot be used to identify you personally, nor does it include "aggregate" information, which is data we collect about the use of the Flirty Emoji Service or about a group or category of services or users, from which individual identities or other personal information have been removed. This Privacy Policy in no way restricts or limits our collection and use of aggregate and non-personal information, and we may share such data about our users with third parties for various purposes.
The What & How of Information We Collect
We collect certain personal information that you voluntarily provide to us.  The Flirty Emoji app may be used without logging in, in which case we do not collect the user’s personal information. We may also obtain information from other companies and combine that with information we collect on the Flirty Emoji Service; for example, when you share images with Facebook, we will have access to your name.
When you use the Flirty Emoji Service, we may automatically collect some information. For example, it is standard for your Web browser to automatically send information to every Web site you visit, including ours. Such information includes your computer's Internet Protocol ("IP") address, access times, browser type and language, and referring Web site addresses. We also collect information about your computer's operating system and information about your usage and activity on the Site. With your permission in the application, we may access your device’s photo library.
Cookies - We automatically collect certain information through the use of "cookies". Cookies are small data files that are stored on your device by a Service. Among other things, the use of cookies helps us to improve the Service and your experience of the Service. We use cookies to see which areas and features of the Service are most popular, to personalize your experience and to remember your preferences. If your browser or device is set not to accept cookies or if you reject a cookie, you may not be able to access certain features or services of the Service.
Data Privacy
Flurry
,
Firebase
,
Facebook
,
Google
and
Fabric
All these companies are GDPR-compliant. You can learn more about the information they collect and analyze to ensure that Flirty Emoji provides optimum user experience by clicking on the links above.
Facebook Authentication: authentication data as specified in the
Facebook
privacy policy which includes username, email, locale, and identifier.
Twitter Authentication: authentication data as specified in the
Twitter
privacy policy which includes your name, username, URL to your profile image and identifier.
InMobi
,
Ogury
,
Vungle
,
Facebook
,
Receptiv
,
IronSource
,
LoopMe
,
Smaato
and
Google
All these companies are GDPR-compliant. Click on the company links above to learn more about the information they collect and how they process it to serve you personalized content.
How We Use Your Personal Information
We use personal information collected through the Flirty Emoji Service with your permission:
to communicate with you or third parties;
to process your requests and transactions;
to improve the Flirty Emoji Service;
to customize the services and/or products we provide to you;
to assist with our product and service development;
to perform marketing activities;
to provide relevant advertising; and
for other purposes related to our business.
With Whom We Share Your Personal Information
Personal information (and non-personal information) collected through the Flirty Emoji Service may be shared with companies and organizations that perform services on our behalf (for example, companies that provide data management or other support services to us such as data storage and Web hosting services). We may share your personal information (and non-personal information) with third parties to serve you relevant advertising and market our products, but we won't sell your personal information.
Also, we may disclose the personal information we collect through the Flirty Emoji Service when we, in good faith, believe disclosure is appropriate to:
comply with applicable law (e.g., in response to a valid court order or subpoena);
prevent or investigate a possible crime, such as fraud or identity theft;
enforce the Terms of Flirty Emoji Service or other agreements that govern your use of the Flirty Emoji Service and/or our services;
to protect the rights, property or safety of us, our users or others; or
to protect your vital interests.
If we are going to release your information in response to legal process, our policy is to provide you with a reasonable advance notice under the circumstances unless we are prohibited from doing so by law or court order (e.g., an order under 18 U.S.C. § 2705(b)). We may disclose your information without giving you prior notice if we believe it is necessary to prevent imminent and serious bodily harm to a person. Nothing in this privacy policy is intended to limit any legal objections or defenses you might have to efforts by third parties to compel disclosure of your information, including legal orders from the government.
Your personal information and other data collected by us may be transferred to another company that has acquired our stock or assets, for example, as a result of a sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution or liquidation. If such a transfer occurs, the acquiring company's use of your personal information will still be subject to this Privacy Policy.
Modifying Your Information - Opt-Out / Opt-In
We respect your right to make choices about the ways we collect, use and disclose your personal information. You may update or modify your information or change your privacy preferences at any time by emailing us at masofaith@yeah.net or, in some instances, via the Flirty Emoji Service. You may opt out of receiving promotional communications from us, including, but not limited to, promotional emails, by emailing us at
masofaith@yeah.net
.
SECURITY OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We take reasonable security measures to protect your personal information (including preventing the loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction of your personal information). However, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will not be able to defeat our security measures. If you use a password on the Flirty Emoji Service, you are responsible for keeping it confidential. Do not share it with any other person. If you believe your password has been misused or your account compromised, please advise us immediately.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make any changes to this Privacy Policy that we think materially alter your rights, then we will post the latest policy to this site and change the "Last Updated" date above. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy whenever you visit the Flirty Emoji to understand how your personal information is used.
QUESTIONS
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
masofaith@yeah.net
Copyright 2018. All rights reserved.