Privacy Policy
Last modified: November 2024
Interest based advertising
: to learn
                        more about data disclosure
click here
Opt-out options:
DO NOT USE MY DATA
I. INTRODUCTION. REGIONAL PATTERNS (CALIFORNIA)
BP Mobile LLC (“we,” “us” or “our”) takes your privacy
                        seriously. This Privacy policy (“Privacy policy”)
                        explains our data protection policy and describes the
                        types of information we may process when you install
                        and/or use:
FaxFree: Send Fax From iPhone
/
FAX from iPhone & iPad App
software applications designed for iOS devices
                            and/or
Fax App: Send Faxеs From Phone
software application designed for Android devices.
                            Each software application is hereinafter referred to
                            as the “App”, “our App”.
The title of each App may vary in countries other than
                        the U.S. and is subject to change without specific
                        notice.
When we refer to personal data (or personal information)
                        we mean any information of any kind relating to a
                        natural person who can be identified, directly or
                        indirectly, in particular by reference to such data.
It is a natural person who can be identified directly or
                        indirectly, in particular by reference to an
                        identification number or to one or more factors specific
                        to his or her physical, physiological, mental, economic,
                        cultural or social status.
Our Privacy policy applies to all users, and others who
                        access the App (“Users”).
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING PRIVACY POLICY, FOR
                        INFORMATION REGARDING THE WAYS YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
                        MAY BE PROCESSED, CAREFULLY. WHEN YOU USE THE APP YOU
                        ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTOOD, AND AGREE TO
                        BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS.
IF YOU ARE A CALIFORNIA RESIDENT PLEASE READ THE
                        FOLLOWING IMPORTANT NOTICE
Under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA)
                        California residents shall have the right to request:
the categories of personal information that is
                            processed;
the categories of sources from which personal
                            information is obtained;
the purpose for processing of user personal data;
the list and categories of third parties with whom
                            we may share your personal information;
the specific pieces of personal information that we
                            might have obtained about a particular user provided
                            that the data given in the request is reliable
                            enough and allows to identify the user.
Please use the navigation links through this Privacy
                        policy:
PERSONAL INFORMATION
All about the categories of information, its sources and
                        purposes of
processing
.
Please mind that according to CCPA personal information
                        does not include de-identified or aggregated consumer
                        information.
SHARING
How your information can be
shared
.
Please note that all third parties that are engaged in
                        processing user data are service providers that use such
                        information on the basis of agreement and pursuant to
                        business purpose.
OPT-OUT OPTIONS
If you don’t want us to process your personal
                        information any more please contact us at
support@bpmobile.com
or using the contact form available in each App. In most
                        cases there is no way to maintain the App’s further
                        operating without functional data therefore you will be
                        advised to remove the App from your device.
If you don’t want us to share device advertising
                        identifiers with service providers or if you want to
                        manage, control when and which apps on your device have
                        access to your device location data, please check your
                        device settings to opt out as
described below
.
REQUESTS
To submit a verifiable consumer request for access,
                        portability or deletion of personal data please contact
                        us at
support@bpmobile.com
or using the contact form available in each App. Please
                        include in the text of your appeal the wording "Your
                        rights to maintain confidentiality in the state of
                        California”.
When submitting a verifiable request, you should be
                        ready to:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to
                            reasonably verify you are the person about whom we
                            collected personal information or an authorized
                            representative, which may include: name, address,
                            city, state, and zip code and email address. We may
                            use this information to surface a series of security
                            questions to you to verify your identity. If you are
                            making a request through an authorized agent acting
                            on your behalf, such authorized agent must provide
                            written authorization confirming or a power of
                            attorney, signed by you.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that
                            allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and
                            respond to it.
We will not be able to respond to your request or
                        provide you with personal information if we cannot: (i)
                        verify your identity or authority to make the request;
                        or (ii) confirm that the personal information relates to
                        you. We may ask you for additional information or
                        documents to verify your identity. We may also carry out
                        checks, including with third party identity verification
                        services, to verify your identity before taking any
                        action with your personal information. This is regarded
                        as a safeguard measure to prevent disclosure of your
                        personal information under a fake or scum request.
We ensure that personal information provided in a
                        verifiable consumer request will be used only to verify
                        the requestor’s identity or authority to make the
                        request and not for any other purpose. We will keep it
                        for the adequate term reasonably needed for the purpose
                        described above and delete after the purpose is
                        fulfilled.
We try to respond to a verifiable consumer request
                        within forty-five (45) days of its receipt. If we
                        require more time, we will inform you of the reason and
                        extension period in writing. Please note that we are
                        only required to respond to two requests per customer
                        each year.
EQUAL RIGHTS
Nothing in the way we deal with your request shall be
                    interpreted as discrimination, which means that we will not
                    set up different pricing or products, or different level or
                    quality of services for you, if you choose to exercise your
                    rights. However, in some circumstances, we may not be able
                    to provide services if you choose to delete your personal
                    information from our records.
SALE OF DATA
We do not sell any of your personal data to third
                        parties.
II. INFORMATION WE PROCESS
There are several categories of information that can be
                        processed.
Functional Information
We ask for and process the following personal
                        information when you use the App. This information is
                        necessary for the adequate
performance of the contract
between you
                        and us. Without such information it is impossible to
                        provide complete functionality of the App and perform
                        the requested services.
Permissions for Camera, Photos and videos,
                                Files.
After you grant us the relevant permission, we may
                            have technical access to your Camera that is
                            required to be able to scan documents via the App
                            and/or to take photos you want to add to your
                            documents. Additionally, if you try to upload any
                            image, photo or file from your Photo Library/Gallery
                            or Files to the App, the relevant technical access
                            of the App to your Photos and videos or Files is
                            required. The technical access you provide to your
                            Photos and videos (either limited or full), Files is
                            necessary for us solely to enable you to upload
                            photos, images, files from your device to the App,
                            use them to create and edit documents in the App,
                            i.e. to operate the App Services and provide you
                            with the App functionality. You can manage, change
                            access permissions to your Camera, Photos and
                            videos, Files at any time via the Settings app on
                            your device.
Personal Information necessary to enable fax
                                functionality.
To be able to send faxes via the App, you’ll be
                            required to provide the following types of data on
                            the Send Fax screen: the information about the fax
                            recipient (country code, recipient phone number),
                            the information about the fax sender (sender name,
                            sender phone number). You’ll also be required to
                            create and/or upload the document(s) you want to
                            fax.
User Files
, i.e. any of the
                            documents, files, images or other data that you
                            upload to the App from Photo Library, Cloud
                            Services, or that you create, scan, edit, fax or
                            otherwise share using the App. Your User Files are
                            not shared with any third party unless you fax, send
                            them by means of the App or unless sharing is
                            technically required to provide you with the App’s
                            functions. In particular, temporal technical
                            processing of and access to some fax transmission
                            content information may be required by our fax
                            management service providers in order to enable
                            secure fax transmission. Our fax management service
                            providers are specified in Section IV of the present
                            Privacy policy.
Authorization data.
You may have an
                            opportunity to create an account and register within
                            the App (either via the “Sign in with Apple” option
                            in the App designed for iOS devices or using your
                            Google Account in the App designed for Android
                            devices). In this case you may use the information
                            related to your Apple ID or your Google Account
                            credentials to sign in to your account within the
                            App. You can delete your account within the App at
                            any time, in this case all your data within the App
                            will be lost and you’ll no longer be able to access
                            such data. Bear in mind that if you have a valid
                            subscription, deletion of account within the App
                            will not cancel it.
Note that all your
Personal Information necessary to enable fax
                            functionality
,
User Files
and
Authorization data
are processed exclusively to the extent necessary to
                        operate the App services and provide you with the App
                        functionality (i.e. to make it possible for you to scan,
                        sign, edit, fax documents using the App, to check the
                        status of your faxes in the App’s “Documents” section).
                        Only you can exercise full control over your
Personal Information necessary to enable fax
                            functionality
,
User Files
and
Authorization data
, as well as over
                        your
Permissions for Camera, Photos and videos,
                            Files
. If you choose to delete your account within the App
                        and/or uninstall/remove/delete the App from your device
                        (even without deletion of your account), you’ll no
                        longer be able to access and/or restore all above listed
                        categories of Functional Information that were
                        previously available to you within the App.
Contact Information
(name, e-mail
                            address, as well as any other content included in
                            the email) which you may fill in by yourself when
                            you contact us via email, support form. We collect,
                            store and process it by our cloud storage provider
                            (Amazon Web Services, Inc.). We use such information
                            to respond effectively to your inquiry, fulfill your
                            requests, send you communications that you request
                            and perform the requested services.
Information That Is Processed Automatically
If you use any App designed for iOS devices, at the
                        first launch of such App you’ll be asked for permission
                        to access your Identifier for Advertisers (IDFA) for
                        tracking purposes via special App Tracking Transparency
                        (ATT) alert demonstrated to you. Then you’ll have an
                        opportunity to turn off or turn on permission to track
                        your activity across other companies’ apps and websites
                        at any time via Privacy & Security settings on your
                        device (
check
of this Privacy
                        policy for more details).
Additionally, when you use any of our Apps, some
                        information about your device and your user behavior may
                        be processed automatically on the grounds of our
                        legitimate interests in improving our App and giving our
                        users the best experience. All this information is
                        generally non-personal, i.e. it does not, on its own,
                        permit direct association with any specific individual,
                        and we may access it only in aggregated form. We use
                        third-party automatic data processing technologies
                        (advertising and/or analytics tools) to analyze all this
                        information sent by your device via the App. Some
                        integrated advertising and/or analytics tools (
check
to see the list of them) launch automated processing of
                        your personal data, including profiling, which means any
                        form of automated processing of personal data used to
                        evaluate certain personal aspects relating to you, in
                        particular to analyze or predict aspects concerning your
                        personal preferences, interests, behavior, location or
                        movements.
The following list describes the categories of data that
                        may be processed automatically and shared with
                        third-party advertising and/or analytics tools as
                        described above:
Device Details. When you use a mobile device to
                                access our App, some details about your device
                                are reported, including “device identifiers”.
                                Device identifiers are small data files or
                                similar data structures stored on or associated
                                with your mobile device, which uniquely identify
                                your mobile device (but not your personality).
                                Device identifier enables generalized reporting
                                or personalized content and ads by the third
                                parties.
What data can be processed:
Information about the device itself: type of
                                    your device, type of operating system and
                                    its version, model and manufacturer, screen
                                    size, screen density, orientation, audio
                                    volume and battery, device memory usage.
Information about the internet connection:
                                    mobile carrier, network provider, network
                                    type, IP address, timestamp and duration of
                                    sessions, speed, browser.
Location-related information: IP address,
                                    the country code/ region/ state/ city
                                    associated with your SIM card or your
                                    device, language setting, time zone,
                                    neighboring commercial points of interest
                                    (eg. “coffee shop”).
Device identifiers: e.g. user identifiers
                                    (if they are set up by the App’s developer).
Information about the applications
.
                            Name, API key (identifier for application), version,
                            properties of our App can be reported for automated
                            processing and analysis. Some services also record
                            the list of applications and/or processes which are
                            installed or run on your device.
Cookies and similar technologies
.
                            When you use the App, cookies and similar
                            technologies may be used (pixels, web beacons,
                            scripts). A cookie is a text file containing small
                            amounts of information which is downloaded to your
                            device when you access the App. The text file is
                            then sent back to the server each time you use the
                            App. This enables us to operate the App more
                            effectively. For example, we will know how many
                            users access specific areas or features within our
                            App and which links or ads they clicked on. We use
                            this aggregated information to understand and
                            optimize how our App is used, improve our marketing
                            efforts, and provide content and features that are
                            of interest to you. We may ask advertisers or other
                            partners to serve ads or services to the App, which
                            may use cookies or similar technologies.
Log file information
. Log file
                            information is automatically reported each time you
                            make a request to access the App. It can also be
                            provided when the App is installed on your device.
                            When you use our App, analytics tools automatically
                            record certain log file information, including time
                            and date when you start and stop using the App, and
                            how you interact with the App.
Ad-related information
. The
                            following data might be reported about the ads you
                            can view: the date and time a particular ad is
                            served; a record if that ad was “clicked” or if it
                            was shown as a “conversion” event; what the ad offer
                            is about; what type of ad it is (e.g., text, image,
                            or video); which ad placement is involved (where the
                            ad offer is displayed within the App); whether you
                            respond to the ad.
In-app events
. When you use our
                            App, analytics tools automatically record your
                            activity information (tutorial steps, levelling up,
                            payments, in-app purchases, custom events,
                            progression events, method of limiting the
                            processing of user data).
Information provided automatically to advertising or
                        analytics tools does not generally come to our control,
                        therefore we cannot be responsible for processing such
                        information. Please mind that some services are engaged
                        in personal data profiling and may obtain information
                        related to your personality and/or your device by using
                        technologies that do not belong to our scope of
                        responsibility. In case when your user ID is linked to
                        your Facebook account, Facebook may use your device
                        information in association with categorized data that
                        were already recorded in its databases (eg. your age,
                        gender or other demographic indication). We do not
                        control, supervise or stand surety for how the third
                        parties process your personal data, that might be
                        collected by their own means (not through our App). Any
                        information request regarding the disclosure of your
                        personal information should be directed to such third
                        parties (see Section IV).
Payment Information
If you make a purchase related to one of the Apps (for
                        iOS or Android devices), the respective App Store (Apple
                        App Store or Google Play Store) is responsible for
                        billing, processing and charging for all such purchases,
                        handles your payment information and keeps it absolutely
                        safe and secure. This payment information is processed
                        by the corresponding App Store as part of the
                        performance of the contract between you and us. We
                        cannot access or use your credit or debit card
                        information when you make any purchase related to the
                        App via the corresponding App Store. You may access the
                        applicable purchase rules and policies directly from the
                        App Stores.
III. THE PURPOSES OF PROCESSING YOUR PERSONAL DATA
Our mission is to constantly improve our App and provide
                        you with new experiences. As part of this mission, we
                        use your information for the following purposes:
To make our service available
. We
                            use functional information and information that is
                            processed automatically to provide you with all
                            requested services.
To improve, test and monitor the effectiveness
                                of our App
. We use the information that is processed
                            automatically to better understand user behavior and
                            trends, detect potential outages and technical
                            issues, to operate, protect, improve, and optimize
                            our App.
To provide you with interest-based (behavioral)
                                advertising or other targeted content
. We may use the information that is processed
                            automatically for marketing purposes (to show ads
                            that may be of interest to you based on your
                            preferences). We provide personalized content and
                            information to you, which can include online ads or
                            other forms of marketing.
To communicate with you
. We use the
                            information we have to communicate with you through
                            newsletters, i.e. to send you marketing
                            notifications, receive your feedback about our App
                            experience, and let you know about our policies and
                            terms. We also use your information to respond to
                            you when you contact us.
To prevent fraud and spam, to enforce the
                                law
. We really want our App to be free of spam and
                            fraudulent content so that you feel safe and free.
                            We may use your information to prevent, detect, and
                            investigate fraud, security breaches, potentially
                            prohibited or illegal activities, protect our
                            trademarks and enforce our Terms of Use.
If any new purposes for processing your personal data
                        arise we will let you know we start to process
                        information on that other purpose by introducing the
                        corresponding changes to this Privacy policy.
IV. SHARING OF YOUR INFORMATION
We will share your information with third parties only
                        in the ways that are described in this Privacy policy.
                        We adhere to the U.S. Digital Advertising Alliance’s
                        Self-Regulatory Principles for the Mobile Environment.
Please note that while integrating external services we
                        choose third parties that can assure they apply all
                        necessary technical and organizational measures to
                        protect user personal data. However, we cannot guarantee
                        the security of any information transmitted from us to
                        any such third party. We are not responsible for any
                        accidental loss or unauthorized access to your personal
                        data through a fault of third parties.
We will not rent or sell your personal data to any third
                        parties, but we may share your information from tools
                        like log files, device identifiers and location data,
                        with third-party organizations that provide automatic
                        data processing technologies for the App. We do not
                        control or influence these third parties’ tracking
                        technologies or how they may be used.
We may also share certain information such as cookie
                        data with third-party advertising partners. This
                        information allows third-party ad networks, inter alia,
                        to deliver targeted advertisements that they believe
                        will be of most interest to you.
We may engage the following third-party service
                        providers in order to provide us with necessary
                        infrastructure for delivery and improvement of our
                        services:
Entity name
Services performed
Entity location
Link to Privacy Policy
Amazon.com, Inc.
Amazon Web Services, Inc. and affiliated
                                        companies
Cloud storage provider
U.S.A./other countries
(depending
                                        on entity)
https://services.amazon.com/privacy-policy.html
https://aws.amazon.com/privacy/
Data Privacy FAQ:
https://aws.amazon.com/compliance/data-privacy-faq/
Amplitude, Inc.
Analytics service provider
U.S.A.
https://amplitude.com/privacy
AppLovin Corporation
Ad management/analytics service provider
U.S.A.
https://www.applovin.com/privacy/
AppsFlyerInc.
AppsFlyer Ltd. and its affiliates
Analytics service provider
U.S.A./other countries (depending on
                                        entity)
https://www.appsflyer.com/legal/services-privacy-policy/
Documo Inc. (mFax product)
Fax management service provider
U.S.A.
https://www.documo.com/privacy-policy
Facebook (Meta Platforms, Inc.)
Analytics / ad management service
                                        provider
U.S.A.
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
Firebase Authentication, Firebase
                                        Crashlytics (Google LLC)
User authentication, analytics service
                                        provider
U.S.A.
https://policies.google.com/privacy
https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy
Google Mobile App Conversion Tracking
                                        (Google LLC)
Marketing analytics service provider
U.S.A.
https://policies.google.com/privacy
SRFax (a division of Consensus Cloud
                                        Solutions Canada ULC)
Fax management service provider
Canada
https://www.srfax.com/more/security-privacy/privacy-policy/
Telnyх LLC
Fax management service provider
U.S.A.
https://telnyx.com/privacy-policy
Qonversion Inc.
Analytics service provider
U.S.A.
https://qonversion.io/privacy/
In case you want to learn more about these services and
                        their privacy options (including opt-out) please consult
                        the correspondent websites and privacy policies. We are
                        not responsible for any usage of your personal data by
                        the abovementioned third parties in violation of our
                        instructions.
Our App may contain links to third-party websites /
                        services or you may access the App from a third-party
                        site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices
                        of these third-party sites or services linked to or from
                        our App, including the information or content contained
                        within them.
We may disclose your personal information if it is
                        needed for objective reasons, due to the public interest
                        or in other unforeseen circumstances:
as required by law;
when we believe, in good faith, that disclosure is
                            necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety
                            or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or
                            respond to a government request;
if we are involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale
                            of all or a portion of our assets, you will be
                            notified via email and/or a prominent notice in our
                            App of any change in ownership or your personal
                            information usage, as well as any choices you may
                            have regarding your personal information.
V. INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFER
We work in the cross-border area and provide our App to
                        our Users around the world.
We and third-party organizations that provide automatic
                        data processing technologies for the App or our
                        third-party advertising partners may transfer the
                        automatically processed information across borders and
                        from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or
                        jurisdictions around the world.
If you are located in the European Union or other
                        regions with laws governing data processing that may
                        differ from U.S. law, please note that we may transfer
                        information, including personal information, to a
                        country and jurisdiction that does not have the same
                        data protection laws as in your jurisdiction.
This means that your personal information can be
                        transferred to a third country, a territory or one or
                        more specified sectors within that third country, or to
                        the international organization where data protection and
                        confidentiality regulations may not provide the same
                        level of protection of personal data as your country
                        does.
We try to make sure that the recipient of any personal
                        data provides a proper protection of the personal data
                        received, in accordance with the current legislation on
                        the protection of such information. By using the App,
                        you agree that we may transfer your personal data to any
                        third country, a territory or one or more specified
                        sectors within that third country, or to the
                        international organization.
For the purposes of data storage, we recourse to the
                        services of the hosting organizations. We take your
                        privacy seriously and, therefore, encrypt your personal
                        data - if possible - before sending it to the hosting
                        organizations for the purposes of its storage. Please
                        note that we cooperate only with those hosting
                        organizations that have passed our security and
                        reliability check.
VI. HOW LONG WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We generally retain your personal information for as
                        long as is necessary for performing the functional
                        service of the App and to comply with our legal
                        obligations. If you no longer want us to use your
                        information that we physically access and store, you can
                        request that we erase your personal information and
                        close your account.
However, some data may still be stored for a certain
                        time period (but no longer than the storage purpose
                        requires) if information is necessary to comply with
                        legal obligation (taxation, accounting, audit) or in
                        order to maintain safety and data backup settings,
                        prevent fraud or other malicious acts.
VII. EXERCISING YOUR RIGHTS
Applicable data protection laws give you certain rights
                        regarding your personal information. You have the
                        following options in relation to your personal
                        information that was collected:
Data Access and Portability.
You
                            can request copies of your personal information.
Change or Correct Data.
Where you
                            cannot update data by yourself through your account,
                            you have the right to ask to correct, change, update
                            or rectify your data.
Data Retention and Deletion.
The
                            user data is generally retained for as long as your
                            user profile is in existence or as it is needed to
                            provide the relevant services. However, specific
                            retention times can vary based on context of the
                            processing performed. You have the right to ask to
                            delete all or some of the personal data that is held
                            about you.
Exercising the right to know about data
                                sharing.
You have the right to know whether your data is
                            shared with third parties. Detailed information on
                            this issue is contained in Section IV of the present
                            Privacy policy, however, if you have further
                            questions in this regard, you can contact us at any
                            time.
Restriction of Processing.
Under
                            certain circumstances, you may have the right to
                            limit the ways in which your personal information is
                            used.
To exercise any of the rights described above, you can
                        contact us at
support@bpmobile.com
or using the contact form available in each App.. Please
                        bear in mind that we ensure the above mentioned rights
                        only with respect to the information that we physically
                        access and store.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with your
                        local data protection or a supervisory authority if you
                        reasonably believe that your rights under applicable
                        data protection laws have been breached. Please note
                        that when you exercise your right to lodge a complaint
                        with your local data protection or a supervisory
                        authority, you may be required to provide additional
                        information and support your complaint with sufficient
                        objective evidence. By lodging a complaint you agree to
                        provide sufficient explanation as to what you believe
                        impaired your rights. Additionally, in some cases prior
                        to lodging a complaint with your local data protection
                        or a supervisory authority, you may be required to send
                        your initial claim directly to us and ask for
                        clarifications if necessary.
When your personal information is processed
                        automatically you may object to such processing in some
                        circumstances. Where your personal information is
                        processed for direct marketing purposes, you may ask to
                        cease processing your data for these direct marketing
                        purposes. In order to exercise your right please contact
                        the third party services listed in the Section IV of
                        this Privacy policy to learn how you can object to
                        processing your data. Most of them have clear
                        instructions on their privacy pages, functional API or
                        other options.
If you are located in the European Union, you may
                        address our representative when you have questions on
                        privacy issues:
Konrad Gutowski, privacy@bpmobile.com
VIII. HOW TO OPT OUT
Opt-out of marketing tracking
You can manage your activity tracking permissions. Inter
                        alia, if you don’t want third-party service providers to
                        use the personalized ads on the basis of your interests
                        please follow the instructions below:
For iOS devices:
go to Settings >
                            Privacy & Security (or “Privacy” in earlier versions
                            of iOS) > Tracking, then tap to turn off or turn on
                            permission to track for a specific app.
You can also control whether apps can ask for
                                permission to track your activity. If you don’t
                                want to be asked for your permission, or do not
                                want apps to access your device’s Advertising
                                Identifier, go to Settings > Privacy & Security
                                (or “Privacy” in earlier versions of iOS) >
                                Tracking and then disable the “Allow Apps to
                                Request to Track” switch. If you turn off "Allow
                                Apps to Request to Track", you won't get prompts
                                from apps that want to track your activity. Each
                                app that asks for permission to track while this
                                setting is turned off will be treated as if you
                                tapped “Ask App Not to Track”. Please find
                                additional information here:
https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT212025
or in the Settings > Privacy & Security (or
                                “Privacy” in earlier versions of iOS) > Tracking
                                section on your device.
If you want to disable Apple’s ad targeting, go
                                to Settings > Privacy & Security (or “Privacy”
                                in earlier versions of iOS) > Apple Advertising,
                                then set the “Personalized Ads” switch to the
                                “off” position. Please find additional
                                information here:
https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT202074
For Android devices:
- For Android devices with Android 12 and lower:
                                go to Settings > Privacy > Ads, then you can
                                choose either to “Reset advertising ID” or to
                                ”Delete advertising ID”.
For Android devices with Android 13 and up: go
                                to Settings > Security & privacy > More privacy
                                settings > Ads, then you can choose either to
                                “Reset advertising ID” or to ”Delete advertising
                                ID”.
If you choose to “Reset advertising ID”, your
                                current ID will be replaced with a new one. Apps
                                can still show you personalized ads, but for a
                                while they may not be as relevant or interesting
                                to you.
If you choose to ”Delete advertising ID”, your
                                advertising ID will be deleted and a new one
                                will not be assigned. You won't see ads based on
                                this advertising ID. Apps can still show you
                                ads, but they may not be as relevant or
                                interesting to you.
The relevant instructions for some older
                                versions of Android and other additional
                                information can be found here:
https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads?hl=en-US
(see subsection “Advertising identifiers for
                                mobile apps”).
You can also visit https://youradchoices.com for the
                        same purpose.
Please mind that when you opt out of certain interest
                        based advertising, you may still continue to receive
                        contextual ads based on other non-personal information,
                        such as ads related to the content of other digital
                        products you are using.
Opt-out of Location Data Processing
You can manage, control when and which apps on your
                        device have access to your device location data. For
                        this purpose see the instructions below.
iOS, iPadOS devices
: you can turn
                            Location Services on or off for all apps on your
                            device via the Settings > Privacy & Security (or
                            “Privacy” in earlier versions of iOS, iPadOS) >
                            Location Services. If you want to turn off or
                            otherwise change access mode to Location Services
                            data for a specific App, then go to the Settings >
                            Privacy & Security (or “Privacy” in earlier versions
                            of iOS, iPadOS) > Location Services > select the
                            applicable app and set the preferred option with
                            respect to “Allow location access” status
                            (“Never”/”Ask Next Time Or When I Share”/”While
                            Using the App”/”Always”/other available option).
                            Please see additional information here:
https://support.apple.com/en-us/102515
Android devices
: to change an app’s
                            access status to your device’s location, open your
                            phone’s Settings > Tap Apps > See all Apps > Tap the
                            app you want to change permission for > Tap
                            Permissions > Location Permission > Select one of
                            the available options. You can find additional
                            information here:
https://support.google.com/android/answer/13982201
IX. SECURITY
The security of your personal information is highly
                        important to us. We follow generally accepted industry
                        standards to protect the personal information submitted
                        to us, both during transmission and once we receive it.
We take reasonable and appropriate measures to protect
                        personal information from loss, misuse and unauthorized
                        access, disclosure, alteration and destruction, taking
                        into account the risks involved in the processing and
                        the nature of the personal information.
We implement appropriate technical and organizational
                        measures, which are designed to implement
                        data-protection principles, such as data minimization,
                        in an effective manner and to integrate the necessary
                        safeguards into the processing. We seek your personal
                        data to be encrypted with proper and strong encryption
                        algorithms, including hashing where possible.
Unfortunately, no method of transmission over the
                        Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100%
                        secure. We do our best to protect your personal data,
                        nevertheless, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
                        In the event that your personal information is
                        compromised as a breach of security, we will promptly
                        notify you in compliance with applicable law.
If you have any questions about the security of our App,
                        you can contact us through the email or contact form
                        displayed below.
X. CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
Our App is not intended for children. Therefore, we do
                        not knowingly or intentionally collect or solicit any
                        personal information from children. For the purposes of
                        this Section X the terms “child” and/or “children” in
                        the context of data processing activities may be
                        interpreted on a case-by-case basis as prescribed by
                        applicable data protection laws. No one who is
                        considered a “child” under applicable data protection
                        laws is allowed to directly provide any personal
                        information to the App.
As a general rule we consider a person under the age of
                        16 to be regarded as “a child” until we have legal
                        grounds to conclude that a person under 16 should be
                        treated as an adult as per provisions of local data
                        protection rules or based on the parent authorization
                        provided to us directly.
Solely the holders of parental responsibility are liable
                        for preventing their children from providing personal
                        information via the App without relevant verifiable
                        parental consent. If we learn that we have collected
                        personal information from a child without verification
                        of parental consent, we will erase that information as
                        quickly as possible. If you reasonably believe that we
                        might have any information from or about a child, or a
                        child has directly provided us with personal information
                        via the App without verifiable parental consent, please
                        contact us.
XI. CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy policy is updated regularly.
Whenever we change this Privacy policy, we will post
                        those changes to this Privacy policy and other places
                        that we consider appropriate. Additional forms of notice
                        of modifications or updates as appropriate under the
                        circumstances may be provided to you.
XII. HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy policy,
                        please feel free to contact us at
support@bpmobile.com
or using the contact form available in each App.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://services.amazon.com/privacy-policy.html:
Privacy policy
Amazon Services Privacy Notice
Amazon Services knows that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly.
Please note that Amazon Services LLC owns and operates this website and is a subsidiary of Amazon.com, Inc. If you have an account on one or more Amazon sites and Amazon cookies corresponding to those sites, information gathered by Amazon Services, as described in this Privacy Notice, may be correlated with any personally identifiable information that Amazon has and may be used by Amazon to improve the services we offer.
As a subsidiary of Amazon.com, Amazon Services follows the same information practices as Amazon.com, and information we collect is subject to the Amazon.com Privacy Notice. By visiting the Amazon Services site, you are accepting the practices described in the
Amazon.com Privacy Notice
.
Sub-policy 1
https://aws.amazon.com/privacy/:
Select your cookie preferences
We use essential cookies and similar tools that are necessary to provide our site and services. We use performance cookies to collect anonymous statistics, so we can understand how customers use our site and make improvements. Essential cookies cannot be deactivated, but you can choose “Customize” or “Decline” to decline performance cookies.
If you agree, AWS and approved third parties will also use cookies to provide useful site features, remember your preferences, and display relevant content, including relevant advertising. To accept or decline all non-essential cookies, choose “Accept” or “Decline.” To make more detailed choices, choose “Customize.”
Accept
Decline
Customize
We use cookies and similar tools (collectively, "cookies") for the following purposes.
Essential
Essential cookies are necessary to provide our site and services and cannot be deactivated. They are usually set in response to your actions on the site, such as setting your privacy preferences, signing in, or filling in forms.
Performance
Performance cookies provide anonymous statistics about how customers navigate our site so we can improve site experience and performance. Approved third parties may perform analytics on our behalf, but they cannot use the data for their own purposes.
Allow performance category
Allowed
Functional
Functional cookies help us provide useful site features, remember your preferences, and display relevant content. Approved third parties may set these cookies to provide certain site features. If you do not allow these cookies, then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Allow functional category
Allowed
Advertising
Advertising cookies may be set through our site by us or our advertising partners and help us deliver relevant marketing content. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less relevant advertising.
Allow advertising category
Allowed
Blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of our sites. You may review and change your choices at any time by selecting Cookie preferences in the footer of this site. We and selected third-parties use cookies or similar technologies as specified in the
AWS Cookie Notice
.
We display ads relevant to your interests on AWS sites and on other properties, including cross-context behavioral advertising. Cross-context behavioral advertising uses data from one site or app to advertise to you on a different company’s site or app.
To not allow AWS cross-context behavioral advertising based on cookies or similar technologies, select “Don't allow” and “Save privacy choices” below, or visit an AWS site with a legally-recognized decline signal enabled, such as the Global Privacy Control. If you delete your cookies or visit this site from a different browser or device, you will need to make your selection again. For more information about cookies and how we use them, please read our
AWS Cookie Notice
.
Cross-context behavioral ads
Allow
Don't allow
To not allow all other AWS cross-context behavioral advertising,
complete this form by email
.
For more information about how AWS handles your information, please read the
AWS Privacy Notice
.
We will only store essential cookies at this time, because we were unable to save your cookie preferences.
If you want to change your cookie preferences, try again later using the link in the AWS console footer, or contact support if the problem persists.
Skip to main content
Privacy Notice
Last Updated: February 21, 2025
To see prior version, click
here
.
This Privacy Notice describes how we collect and use your personal information in relation to AWS websites, applications, products, services, events, and experiences that reference this Privacy Notice (together, “AWS Offerings”).
This Privacy Notice does not apply to the “content” processed, stored, or hosted by our customers using AWS Offerings in connection with an AWS account. See the agreement governing your access to your AWS account and the
AWS Data Privacy FAQ
for more information about how we handle content and how our customers can control their content through AWS Offerings. This Privacy Notice also does not apply to any products, services, websites, or content that are offered by third parties or have their own privacy notice.
Personal Information We Collect
How We Use Personal Information
Cookies
How We Share Personal Information
Location of Personal Information
How We Secure Information
Access and Choice
Children’s Personal Information
Third Party Sites and Services
Retention of Personal Information
Contacts, Notices, and Revisions
EU-US Data Privacy Framework, UK Extension, and Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework
Additional Information for Certain Jurisdictions
Examples of Information Collected
Personal Information We Collect
We collect your personal information in the course of providing AWS Offerings to you.
Here are the types of information we gather:
Information You Give Us:
We collect any information you provide in relation to AWS Offerings. Click
here
to see examples of information you give us.
Automatic Information:
We automatically collect certain types of information when you interact with AWS Offerings. Click
here
to see examples of information we collect automatically.
Information from Other Sources:
We might collect information about you from other sources, including service providers, partners, and publicly available sources. Click
here
to see examples of information we collect from other sources.
How We Use Personal Information
We use your personal information to operate, provide, and improve AWS Offerings. Our purposes for using personal information include:
Provide AWS Offerings:
We use your personal information to provide and deliver AWS Offerings and process transactions related to AWS Offerings, including registrations, subscriptions, purchases, and payments.
Measure, Support, and Improve AWS Offerings:
We use your personal information to measure use of, analyze performance of, fix errors in, provide support for, improve, and develop AWS Offerings.
Recommendations and Personalization:
We use your personal information to recommend AWS Offerings that might be of interest to you, identify your preferences, and personalize your experience with AWS Offerings.
Comply with Legal Obligations:
In certain cases, we have a legal obligation to collect, use, or retain your personal information. For example, we collect bank account information from AWS Marketplace sellers for identity verification.
Communicate with You:
We use your personal information to communicate with you in relation to AWS Offerings via different channels (e.g., by phone, email, chat) and to respond to your requests.
Marketing:
We use your personal information to market and promote AWS Offerings.
Fraud and Abuse Prevention and Credit Risks:
We use your personal information to prevent and detect fraud and abuse in order to protect the security of our customers, AWS, and others. We may also use scoring methods to assess and manage credit risks.
Purposes for Which We Seek Your Consent:
We may also ask for your consent to use your personal information for a specific purpose that we communicate to you.
Cookies
To enable our systems to recognize your browser or device and to provide, market, and improve AWS Offerings, we and approved third parties use cookies and other identifiers. For more information about cookies and how we use them, please read our
Cookie Notice
.
How We Share Personal Information
Information about our customers is an important part of our business and we are not in the business of selling our customers’ personal information to others. We share personal information only as described below and with Amazon.com, Inc. and the affiliates that Amazon.com, Inc. controls that are either subject to this Privacy Notice or follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Notice.
Transactions Involving Third Parties:
We make available to you services, software, and content provided by third parties for use on or through AWS Offerings. You can tell when a third party is involved in your transactions, and we share information related to those transactions with that third party. For example, you can order services, software, and content from sellers using the AWS Marketplace and we provide those sellers information to facilitate your subscription, purchases, or support.
Third-Party Service Providers:
We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include: delivering AWS hardware, sending communications, processing payments, assessing credit and compliance risks, analyzing data, providing marketing and sales assistance (including advertising and event management), conducting customer relationship management, and providing training. These third-party service providers have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes. Further, they must process that information in accordance with this Privacy Notice and as permitted by applicable data protection law.
Business Transfers:
As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy businesses or services. In such transactions, personal information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Notice (unless, of course, the individual consents otherwise). Also, in the unlikely event that AWS or substantially all of its assets are acquired, your information will of course be one of the transferred assets.
Protection of Us and Others:
We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce or apply our terms and other agreements, or protect the rights, property, or security of AWS, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud prevention and detection and credit risk reduction.
At Your Option:
Other than as set out above, you will receive notice when personal information about you might be shared with third parties, and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information.
Location of Personal Information
Amazon Web Services, Inc. is located in the United States, and our affiliated companies are located throughout the world. Depending on the scope of your interactions with AWS Offerings, your personal information may be stored in or accessed from multiple countries, including the United States. Whenever we transfer personal information to other jurisdictions, we will ensure that the information is transferred in accordance with this Privacy Notice and as permitted by applicable data protection laws.
How We Secure Information
At AWS, security is our highest priority. We design our systems with your security and privacy in mind.
We maintain a wide variety of compliance programs that validate our security controls. Click
here
to learn more about our compliance programs.
We protect the security of your information during transmission to or from AWS websites, applications, products, or services by using encryption protocols and software.
We follow the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) when handling credit card data.
We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards in connection with the collection, storage, and disclosure of personal information. Our security procedures mean that we may request proof of identity before we disclose personal information to you.
Access and Choice
You can view, update, and delete certain information about your account and your interactions with AWS Offerings. Click
here
for a list of examples of information that you can access. If you cannot access or update your information yourself, you can always contact us for assistance.
You have choices about the collection and use of your personal information. Many AWS Offerings include settings that provide you with options as to how your information is being used. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of certain AWS Offerings.
Account Information:
If you want to add, update, or delete information related to your account, please go to the
AWS Management Console
. When you update or delete any information, we usually keep a copy of the prior version for our records.
Communications:
If you do not want to receive promotional messages from us, please unsubscribe or adjust your communication preferences in the
AWS Management Console
or the
AWS Email Preference Center
. If you do not want to receive in-app notifications from us, please adjust your notification settings in the app or your device.
Cookies Preferences:
You can change your cookie preferences on AWS sites at any time by clicking Cookie Preferences in the footer of the AWS site. You can also manage cookies through your browser settings.
The "Help" feature on most browsers and devices will tell you how to remove cookies from your device, how to prevent your browser or device from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether.
Sellers and Amazon Partners:
Sellers and Amazon Partner Network members can add, update, or delete information in the
AWS Marketplace
and
APN Partner Central
, respectively.
Children’s Personal Information
We don’t provide AWS Offerings for purchase by children. If you’re under 18, you may use AWS Offerings only with the involvement of a parent or guardian.
Third Party Sites and Services
AWS Offerings may embed content provided by others or include links to other websites and applications. These companies may collect information about you when you interact with their content or services. We are not responsible for the practices of these companies. Please consult their privacy policies to learn about their data practices.
Retention of Personal Information
We keep your personal information to enable your continued use of AWS Offerings, for as long as it is required in order to fulfill the relevant purposes described in this Privacy Notice, as may be required by law (including for tax and accounting purposes), or as otherwise communicated to you. How long we retain specific personal information varies depending on the purpose for its use, and we will delete your personal information in accordance with applicable law.
Contacts, Notices, and Revisions
If you have any concerns about privacy at AWS, please
contact us
with a thorough description, and we will try to resolve the issue for you.
For any prospective or current customers of Amazon Web Services, Inc., our mailing address is: Amazon Web Services, Inc., 410 Terry Avenue North, Seattle, WA 98109-5210, ATTN: AWS Legal
Contact details for specific jurisdictions including the European Economic Area, the UK and Switzerland, can be found in “Additional Information for Certain Jurisdictions” below.
If you interact with AWS Offerings on behalf of or through your organization, then your personal information may also be subject to your organization’s privacy practices, and you should direct privacy inquiries to your organization.
Our business changes constantly, and our Privacy Notice may also change. You should check our website frequently to see recent changes. You can see the date on which the latest version of this Privacy Notice was posted. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all personal information we have about you and your account. We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of personal information collected in the past without informing affected customers and giving them a choice.
EU-US Data Privacy Framework, UK Extension, and Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework
Amazon Web Services, Inc. participates in the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, the UK Extension to the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, and the Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework. Click
here
to learn more.
Additional Information for Certain Jurisdictions
We provide additional information about our controllers and data protection officers (as applicable), the privacy, collection, and use of personal information of prospective and current customers of AWS Offerings located in certain jurisdictions.
Brazil
Controller of Personal Information
. When Amazon AWS Serviços Brasil Ltda. is the provider of an AWS Offering, Amazon AWS Serviços Brasil Ltda., A. Presidente Juscelino Kubitschek, 2.041, Torre E - 18th and 19th Floors, Vila Nova Conceicao, Sao Paulo, is the data controller of personal information collected or processed through the AWS Offering. The data protection officer for Amazon AWS Serviços Brasil Ltda. can be contacted at aws-brazil-privacy@amazon.com.
Processing
. We process your personal information on one or more of the following legal bases:
as necessary to enter into a contract with you or a legal entity you represent, to perform our contractual obligations, to provide AWS Offerings, to respond to requests from you, or to provide customer support;
where we have a legitimate interest, as described in this Privacy Notice (see How We Use Personal Information above);
as necessary to comply with relevant law and legal obligations, including to respond to lawful requests and orders; or
with your consent.
Your Rights
. Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
ask whether we hold personal information about you and request copies of such personal information and information about how it is processed;
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements;
request us to restrict the processing of personal information where the processing is inappropriate;
object to the processing of personal information;
request portability of personal information that you have provided to us (which does not include information derived from the collected information), where the processing of such personal information is based on consent or a contract with you and is carried out by automated means; and
request information about the possibility of refusing consent and the consequences of doing so.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
or at the address under Controller of Personal Information above.
You can also file a complaint with Brazil’s National Data Protection Authority (ANPD) through its official channels.
When you consent to our processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time, and we will stop any further processing of your data for that purpose.
Transfers outside of Brazil
. When we transfer your personal information outside Brazil, we do so in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Notice and applicable data protection law.
Canada
Your Rights
. Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
ask whether we hold personal information about you and request copies of such personal information and information about how it is processed;
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements; and
lodge a complaint with us regarding our practices related to your personal information.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS customer, please
contact us
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
or by mail at 120 Bremner Blvd, 26th Floor, Toronto, Ontario, M5J 0A8, Canada, ATTN: AWS Canada Legal. Further, the Amazon Web Services Canada, Inc. Privacy Officer can be contacted at
aws-canada-privacy@amazon.com
or by mail at the address noted above.
When you consent to our processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time, and we will stop any further processing of your data for that purpose.
Costa Rica
Your Rights
. With respect to data collected and processed by Amazon Web Services Costa Rica (“AWS Costa Rica”), you have the rights of access, rectification, erasure, restriction, or complaint. When you consent to AWS Costa Rica processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time and AWS Costa Rica will stop any further processing of your data for that purpose.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS customer, please
contact us
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us at Zona Franca America, Edificio C7. 600 norte de Plaza Real Cariari, sobre la paralela a la Autopista General Cañas. San Francisco de Heredia, Costa Rica.
European Economic Area, UK, and Switzerland
Controller of Personal Information.
When Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL is the provider of an AWS Offering, Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL, 38 Avenue John F. Kennedy, L-1855, Luxembourg, is the data controller of personal information collected or processed through the AWS Offering.
Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL is also the authorized representative of Amazon Web Services, Inc. in the EEA.
Processing.
We process your personal information on one or more of the following legal bases:
as necessary to enter into a contract with you or a legal entity you represent, to perform our contractual obligations, to provide AWS Offerings, to respond to requests from you, or to provide customer support;
where we have a legitimate interest, as described in this Privacy Notice (see How We Use Personal Information above);
as necessary to comply with relevant law and legal obligations, including to respond to lawful requests and orders; or
with your consent.
Information We Retain After Your Account is Closed.
If you decide to terminate your agreement and close your AWS account, we will retain your content for a period of up to 90 days after account closure, during which you may still access part of the AWS Management Console in order to retrieve your billing documents and to contact customer support. During this period, you may also decide to reopen your AWS account. At the end of this period, we will delete any content remaining in your account.
After account closure, we may need to keep certain information for an additional period of time for legal and legitimate business purposes. For example, we may retain personal information such as your contact information (e.g., name, email address, physical address) and any invoices that AWS has sent to you (e.g., record of purchases, applicable discounts, and tax information) for tax and accounting purposes. If applicable, AWS may also retain records of communications with you, as well as relevant logs (e.g., a log of your account closure) for dispute resolution purposes. We further may keep records for preventing fraud and ensuring security, for example in case of misuse of our services or violation of our terms.
Your Rights
. Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
ask whether we hold personal information about you and request copies of such personal information and information about how it is processed;
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements;
request us to restrict the processing of personal information where the processing is inappropriate;
object to the processing of personal information; and
request portability of personal information that you have provided to us (which does not include information derived from the collected information), where the processing of such personal information is based on consent or a contract with you and is carried out by automated means.
Questions and Contacts.
If you wish to do any of these things or have a data-protection related question, and you are an AWS customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
.
The data protection officer for Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL can be contacted at aws-EU-privacy@amazon.com.
You can also lodge a complaint with our principal supervisory authority, the
Commission Nationale pour la Protection des Données in Luxembourg
, or with a local authority.
When you consent to our processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time, and we will stop any further processing of your data for that purpose.
Cookies.
Please refer to our
Cookie Notice
.
Transfers outside of the EEA.
When we transfer your personal information outside the EEA we do so in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Notice and applicable data protection law.
India
For any prospective or current customers of Amazon Web Services India Private Limited (formerly known as Amazon Internet Services Private Limited), our mailing address is: Amazon Web Services India Private Limited, Block E, 14th Floor, Unit Nos. 1401 to 1421, International Trade Tower, Nehru Place, New Delhi, Delhi 110019, India, ATTN: AWS India Legal.
Japan
Controller of Personal Information
Any personal information provided to or gathered by Amazon Web Services Japan G.K. is controlled primarily by Amazon Web Services Japan G.K., 3-1-1 Kamiosaki, Shinagawa-ku, Tokyo 141-0021 JAPAN.
Any personal information collected by Amazon Web Services, Inc. is controlled primarily by Amazon Web Services, Inc.
Use of Personal Information
We jointly use your personal information for such purposes as described in this Privacy Notice with domestic and foreign affiliates that Amazon.com, Inc. controls, including Amazon Web Services, Inc., Amazon Web Services Japan G.K., Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL, and other global entities that either are subject to this Privacy Notice or follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Notice. Jointly used personal information includes personal information described under “Personal Information We Collect” and “Example of Information Collected” above. Amazon Web Services, Inc. is the business operator primarily responsible for managing jointly used personal information.
We share personal information with third parties only to the extent described under “How We Share Personal Information” above and in accordance with the Act on Protection of Personal Information.
When we share your personal information with third parties outside of Japan, such as sellers of products on AWS Marketplace and sponsors of AWS events, we require the recipients to adopt personal information security measures to protect your personal information.
Please see
here
for information on the countries where third parties may be located, and the applicable data privacy laws and data protection systems in these countries.
Your Rights
You may have the right to request access to or delete your personal information in accordance with applicable law. If you wish to submit a data subject access request, please
contact us
(for AWS customers) or contact us at our mailing address, Amazon Web Services Japan G.K., 3-1-1 Kamiosaki, Shinagawa-ku, Tokyo 141-0021 JAPAN, ATTN: AWS Japan Legal (for current or prospective customers of Amazon Web Services Japan G.K. and non-customers in Japan).
Malaysia
A Bahasa Malaysia translation of this Privacy Notice can be found
here
.
Nigeria
Controller of Personal Information.
With respect to personal information provided to Amazon Web Services Nigeria Limited, located at 3-5 Sinari Daranijo Street, Off Ajose Adeogun, Victoria Island, Lagos, Nigeria (“AWS Nigeria”), AWS Nigeria is the data controller.
Your Rights.
Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
ask whether we hold personal information about you and request copies of such personal information and information about how it is processed;
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements;
request us to restrict the processing of personal information where the processing is inappropriate;
object to the processing of personal information;
request portability of personal information that you have provided to us (which does not include information derived from the collected information), where the processing of such personal information is based on consent or a contract with you and is carried out by automated means; and
request information about the possibility of refusing consent and the consequences of doing so.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS Nigeria customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
.
You can also file a complaint with Nigeria’s National Information Technology Development Agency through its official channels.
When you consent to our processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time, and we will stop any further processing of your data for that purpose.
Peru
Controller of Personal Information.
With respect to personal information provided to Amazon Web Services Peru S.R.L., located at Av. Jorge Basadre 349 San Isidro, Lima (“AWS Peru”), AWS Peru is the data controller and the personal data bank holder of the following data banks: customers, prospective customers, and vendors.
Personal Information.
Depending on how you engage with AWS Peru, we may process one or more of the following kinds of personal information: name, identity card number, Tax ID, contact information (such as address, telephone, email address), profession, banking and credit card details, and physical or electronic signature. For more information about the personal information that we collect, click
here
.
Your Rights.
Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
ask whether we hold personal information about you and request copies of such personal information and information about how it is processed;
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements;
request us to restrict the processing of personal information where the processing is inappropriate;
object to the processing of personal information; and
exercise any other rights afforded by the Peruvian Personal Data Protection Regulations.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS Peru customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
or at the address under Controller of Personal Information above.
You can also file a complaint before the Peruvian National Data Protection Authority through its official channels.
Data Processors and Transfers to Third Parties.
We may share your personal information as described in this Privacy Notice and as permitted by the Peruvian Personal Data Protection Regulations, including to Amazon Web Services Inc., located at 410 Terry Avenue North, Seattle, WA 98109-5210, United States of America, for the purposes of providing services and engaging in marketing, business development, and sales efforts with respect to cloud services that Amazon Web Services, Inc. sells globally; and enabling the provision of data hosting, storage, and processing by Amazon Web Services, Inc. as AWS Peru’s data processor.
Philippines
With respect to personal information provided to Amazon Web Services Philippines, Inc. (“AWS Philippines”), you may contact the Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) and Data Compliance Officer for Privacy (“COP”)
here
if you are an AWS Philippines customer. If you are not an AWS customer, you may contact the DPO and COP at 21st floor Arthaland Century Pacific Tower, 5th Avenue 1634 Bonifacio Global City, Taguig, Philippines.
South Africa
Controller of Personal Information.
With respect to personal information provided to Amazon Web Services South Africa Proprietary Limited, located at 29 Gogosoa Street, Observatory, Cape Town, South Africa, 7925 (“AWS South Africa”), AWS South Africa is the responsible party.
Your Rights.
Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements;
object, at any time to the processing of your personal information for purposes of direct marketing other than direct marketing by means of unsolicited electronic communications from AWS which is prohibited unless you give consent to receive such direct marketing;
object, at any time (at which point we will cease processing of your personal information), to the processing of your personal information if you feel the processing of that personal information is not necessary for protection of your legitimate interest/s; proper performance of a public law duty by a public body; or pursuance of the legitimate interests of AWS or of a third party to whom the information is supplied; and
to submit a complaint to the Information Regulator of South Africa regarding interference with the protection of your personal information.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS South Africa customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
or at the address under Controller of Personal Information above.
The Information Regulator Contact Details. The Information Regulator of South Africa is located at: JD House, 27 Stiemens Street, Braamfontein, Johannesburg, 2001. P.O. Box 31533, Braamfontein, Johannesburg, 2017. You may direct general enquiries by email to:
enquiries@inforegulator.org.za
. You may direct complaints by email to:
POPIAComplaints@inforegulator.org.za
.
South Korea
AWS does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 14 without the consent of the child's parent or guardian.
How We Share Personal Information
AWS may share personal information as described in this Privacy Notice, including with affiliates of Amazon Web Services, Inc.
AWS has contracts in place with the following third party service provider(s) (delegatees) to perform functions on behalf of AWS in Korea, and they may have access to your personal information as needed to perform their functions described below:
The details of delegation for event management can be found on the relevant event page.
AWS may share your personal information with the following third party service provider(s) outside of Korea as described below:
If you do not agree with the above-stated overseas transfers, please stop using AWS Services and close your AWS Account.
Deletion of Personal Information
AWS will delete your personal information (including after closure of your AWS account) as described in this Privacy Notice. When deleting personal information, AWS will take standard commercially reasonable measures to make the personal information practically irrecoverable or irreproducible. The specific manner of deletion will depend on the information being deleted, how the information was collected and stored, and your interactions with us. Electronic documents or files containing personal information will be deleted using a technical method that makes recovery or retrieval of such information practically impossible or renders the data no longer personally identifiable. Non-electronic documents or files containing personal information will be shredded, incinerated, or both.
Retention of Personal Information
AWS Korea keeps your personal information to enable your continued use of AWS Offerings, for as long as it is required in order to fulfill the relevant purposes described in this Privacy Notice, as may be required by law (including for tax and accounting purposes as may be required by the Framework Act on National Taxes of Republic of Korea or other laws), or as otherwise communicated to you. How long we retain specific personal information varies depending on the purpose for its use, and we will delete your personal information in accordance with applicable law.
If you have any privacy questions or requests please contact:
AWS Korea Privacy
Email: aws-korea-privacy@amazon.com
Korean translation of this Privacy Notice can be found
here
.
Turkey
Controller of Personal Information.
When AWS Turkey Pazarlama Teknoloji ve Danışmanlık Hizmetleri Limited Şirketi is the provider of an AWS Offering, AWS Turkey Pazarlama Teknoloji ve Danışmanlık Hizmetleri Limited Şirketi, located at Esentepe Mahallesi Bahar Sk. Özdilek/River Plaza/Wyndham Grand Hotel Apt. No: 13/52 Şişli/İstanbul, Turkey, is the data controller of personal information collected or processed through the AWS Offering.
United States
These additional disclosures are required by certain state privacy laws to the extent they apply to your use of AWS Offerings, and serve as a Notice at Collection under the California Privacy Rights Act.
Categories of personal information collected
. The personal information that we may collect, or may have collected from consumers in the preceding twelve months, fall into the following categories established by the California Privacy Rights Act and other state privacy laws, depending on how you engage with the AWS Offerings:
Identifiers, such as your name, alias, address, phone numbers, or IP address, your AWS account log-in information, or a government-issued identifier (such as a state-issued ID number, which may be required to verify your identity when completing certain AWS certification courses, or an ID you provide for identity verification, which in some cases may reflect citizenship or immigration status);
personal information as described in subdivision (e) of Section 1798.80 of the California Civil Code, such as a credit card number or other payment information;
characteristics of protected classifications under California or US federal law, such as age, race, or gender or gender identity, for example if we conduct user surveys or analysis;
commercial information, such as purchase activity;
internet or other electronic network activity information, including content interaction information, such as content downloads, streams, and playback details;
information used to prevent and detect fraud or other unauthorized activity, including informing customers if such activity were to affect them;
biometric information, such as your voice or appearance, for example if you choose to participate in a demonstration of a speech or image recognition service;
geolocation data, which may in some cases constitute precise geolocation information, such as the location of your device or computer, for example if you enable location services to enhance your experience through event applications we offer;
audio, visual, electronic or other similar information, including when you communicate with us by phone or otherwise;
professional or employment-related information, for example data you may provide about your business;
inference data, such as information about your preferences; and
education information, such as information about enrollment status, fields of study, or degrees, honors, and awards received.
We collect this information from you, automatically through your interaction with the AWS Offerings, or from third parties. For more information about the personal information we collect, click
here
. We collect this information for the business and commercial purposes described in the “How We Use Personal Information” section above.
Categories of personal information disclosed for a business purpose
. The personal information that we may have disclosed about consumers for a business purpose in the preceding twelve months fall into the following categories established by the California Privacy Rights Act and other state privacy laws, depending on how you engage with the AWS Offerings:
Identifiers, such as your name, address, or phone numbers, for example if we use a third-party carrier to deliver AWS hardware, or government identifier or certain types of ID you provide for identity verification, which may in some cases reflect your citizenship or immigration status, for example if we use a third-party service to verify your identity;
personal information as described in subdivision (e) of Section 1798.80 of the California Civil Code, such as a credit card number or other payment information, for example if we use a third-party payment processor;
information that may reveal your age, gender or gender identity, race, or other protected classifications under California or US federal law, for example if we conduct user surveys or analysis using a third-party service provider;
commercial information, such as the details of a product or service you purchased if a third-party service provider assists in providing that product or service to you;
internet or other electronic network activity information, such as if we use a third-party service provider to help us gather reports for analyzing the health of our devices and services;
information relating to our prevention and detection of unauthorized activity, such as attempted fraud;
biometric information, for example if you choose to participate in a demonstration of certain AWS services facilitated by a third-party service provider;
geolocation data, which may constitute precise geolocation data, for example if we enable transportation services from a third party in connection with an AWS event;
audio, visual, electronic or other similar information, for example if a third-party service provider reviews recordings of customer support phone calls for quality assurance purposes;
professional or employment-related information, for example if we provide information to a third-party service provider for verification or registration as part of the AWS Offerings;
education information, for example if we facilitate employment or internship recruitment activities for participants in the AWS Educate program; and
inference data, for example if we use a third-party service provider to store information about your preferences.
For more information about the personal information we may disclose for a business purpose, click
here
.
Your Data Rights
. You may have certain data rights under state privacy laws, including to request information about the collection of your personal information by us, to access your personal information in a portable format, and to correct or delete your personal information. If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, or you are an authorized agent under applicable state law, please contact us
here
or at the address under
Contacts, Notices, and Revisions
above. Additionally, you may have the right to appeal the denial of any of these rights by submitting a form that will be provided to you if we deny a data request. Depending on your data choices, certain services may be limited or unavailable.
To ensure the security of your AWS account, we will generally ask you to verify your request using the contact information you have already provided. If you are an authorized agent making a request on behalf of a consumer pursuant to applicable state law, we may ask you to provide information verifying you have proper authority to make the request on behalf of the consumer or we may ask the consumer to verify their identity with us directly.
No sale or sharing of personal information
. We do not sell or share any personal information of consumers, as those terms are defined under the California Privacy Rights Act.
De-identified Data Disclosure.
AWS may use de-identified data in some instances. AWS either maintains such data without attempting to re-identify it or treats such data as personal data subject to applicable law.
California Privacy Rights Act Sensitive Personal Information Disclosure
. The categories of data that we collect and disclose for a business purpose include “sensitive personal information” as defined under the California Privacy Rights Act. We do not use or disclose sensitive personal information for any purpose not expressly permitted by the California Privacy Rights Act.
California Privacy Rights Act Retention Disclosure
. To enable your continued use of AWS Services, we keep your personal information for as long as it is required in order to fulfill the relevant purposes described in this AWS Privacy Notice, as permitted or as may be required by law, or as otherwise communicated to you.
California Privacy Rights Act Non-Discrimination Statement
. We will not discriminate against any consumer for exercising their rights under the California Privacy Rights Act.
Colorado Privacy Act and Oregon Privacy Act Profiling Disclosure
. We do not engage in profiling of consumers in furtherance of automated decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects, as those terms are defined under the Colorado Privacy Act or the Oregon Privacy Act.
Examples of Information Collected
Information You Give Us
You provide information to us when you:
search for, subscribe to, or purchase AWS Offerings;
create or administer your AWS account (and you might have more than one account if you have used more than one email address when using AWS Offerings);
configure your settings for, provide data access permissions for, or otherwise interact with AWS Offerings;
register for or attend an AWS event;
purchase or use content, products, or services from third-party providers through the AWS Marketplace (or other similar venues operated or provided by us);
offer your content, products, or services on or through AWS Offerings or the AWS Marketplace (or other similar venues operated or provided by us);
communicate with us by phone, email, or otherwise;
complete a questionnaire, a support ticket, or other information request forms;
post on AWS websites or participate in community features; and
employ notification services.
Depending on your use of AWS Offerings, you might supply us with such information as:
your name, email address, physical address, phone number, and other similar contact information;
payment information, including credit card and bank account information;
information about your location;
information about your organization and your contacts, such as colleagues or people within your organization;
usernames, aliases, roles, and other authentication and security credential information;
content of feedback, testimonials, inquiries, support tickets, and any phone conversations, chat sessions and emails with or to us;
your image (still, video, and in some cases 3-D), voice, and other identifiers that are personal to you when you attend an AWS event or use certain AWS Offerings;
information regarding identity, including government-issued identification information;
corporate and financial information; and
VAT numbers and other tax identifiers.
Automatic Information
We collect information automatically when you:
visit, interact with, or use AWS Offerings (including when you use your computer or other device to interact with AWS Offerings);
download content from us;
open emails or click on links in emails from us; and
interact or communicate with us (such as when you attend an AWS event or when you request customer support).
Examples of the information we automatically collect include:
network and connection information, such as the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer or other device to the Internet and information about your Internet service provider;
computer and device information, such as device, application, or browser type and version, browser plug-in type and version, operating system, or time zone setting;
the location of your device or computer;
authentication and security credential information;
content interaction information, such as content downloads, streams, and playback details, including duration and number of simultaneous streams and downloads;
AWS Offerings metrics, such as offering usage, occurrences of technical errors, diagnostic reports, your settings preferences, backup information, API calls, and other logs;
the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through, and from our website (including date and time) and AWS Offerings, content you viewed or searched for, page response times, download errors, and page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs);
email addresses and phone numbers used to contact us; and
identifiers and information contained in cookies (see our
Cookie Notice
).
Information from Other Sources
Examples of information we receive from other sources include:
marketing, sales generation, and recruitment information, including your name, email address, physical address, phone number, and other similar contact information;
subscription, purchase, support, or other information about your interactions with products and services offered by us, our affiliates (such as AWS training courses), or third parties (such as products offered through the AWS Marketplace) in relation to AWS Offerings;
search results and links, including paid listings (such as Sponsored Links); and
credit history information from credit bureaus.
Information You Can Access
Examples of information you can access through AWS Offerings include:
your name, email address, physical address, phone number, and other similar contact information;
usernames, aliases, roles, and other authentication and security credential information;
your subscription, purchase, usage, billing, and payment history;
payment settings, such as payment instrument information and billing preferences;
tax information;
email communication and notification settings; and
if you participate in the AWS Marketplace or Amazon Partner Network (or other similar venues operated or provided by us), your account, your status, subscriptions, and other information.
Customers can access the information above through AWS Offerings, such as the
AWS Management Console
(including the
My Account
,
Billing Dashboard
,
Bills
,
Payment Methods
,
Payment History
,
Preferences
and
Tax Settings
pages), the
AWS Email Preference Center
,
AWS Marketplace
, and
APN Partner Central
.
AWS support for Internet Explorer ends on 07/31/2022. Supported browsers are Chrome, Firefox, Edge, and Safari.
Learn more »
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
Login
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
View profile
Log out
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
View profile
Log out
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
Login
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
View profile
Log out
Sub-policy 2
https://aws.amazon.com/compliance/data-privacy-faq/:
Select your cookie preferences
We use essential cookies and similar tools that are necessary to provide our site and services. We use performance cookies to collect anonymous statistics, so we can understand how customers use our site and make improvements. Essential cookies cannot be deactivated, but you can choose “Customize” or “Decline” to decline performance cookies.
If you agree, AWS and approved third parties will also use cookies to provide useful site features, remember your preferences, and display relevant content, including relevant advertising. To accept or decline all non-essential cookies, choose “Accept” or “Decline.” To make more detailed choices, choose “Customize.”
Accept
Decline
Customize
We use cookies and similar tools (collectively, "cookies") for the following purposes.
Essential
Essential cookies are necessary to provide our site and services and cannot be deactivated. They are usually set in response to your actions on the site, such as setting your privacy preferences, signing in, or filling in forms.
Performance
Performance cookies provide anonymous statistics about how customers navigate our site so we can improve site experience and performance. Approved third parties may perform analytics on our behalf, but they cannot use the data for their own purposes.
Allow performance category
Allowed
Functional
Functional cookies help us provide useful site features, remember your preferences, and display relevant content. Approved third parties may set these cookies to provide certain site features. If you do not allow these cookies, then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Allow functional category
Allowed
Advertising
Advertising cookies may be set through our site by us or our advertising partners and help us deliver relevant marketing content. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less relevant advertising.
Allow advertising category
Allowed
Blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of our sites. You may review and change your choices at any time by selecting Cookie preferences in the footer of this site. We and selected third-parties use cookies or similar technologies as specified in the
AWS Cookie Notice
.
We display ads relevant to your interests on AWS sites and on other properties, including cross-context behavioral advertising. Cross-context behavioral advertising uses data from one site or app to advertise to you on a different company’s site or app.
To not allow AWS cross-context behavioral advertising based on cookies or similar technologies, select “Don't allow” and “Save privacy choices” below, or visit an AWS site with a legally-recognized decline signal enabled, such as the Global Privacy Control. If you delete your cookies or visit this site from a different browser or device, you will need to make your selection again. For more information about cookies and how we use them, please read our
AWS Cookie Notice
.
Cross-context behavioral ads
Allow
Don't allow
To not allow all other AWS cross-context behavioral advertising,
complete this form by email
.
For more information about how AWS handles your information, please read the
AWS Privacy Notice
.
We will only store essential cookies at this time, because we were unable to save your cookie preferences.
If you want to change your cookie preferences, try again later using the link in the AWS console footer, or contact support if the problem persists.
Skip to main content
Security, Identity, and Compliance
›
Compliance
›
Data Privacy
Data Privacy FAQs
Commitments
FAQs
Resources
Commitments
At AWS, customer trust is our top priority.
Maintaining customer trust is an ongoing commitment. AWS continually monitors the evolving privacy regulatory and legislative landscape to identify changes and determine what tools our customers might need to meet their compliance goals. We strive to inform you of the privacy and data security policies, practices, and technologies we’ve put in place.
Our commitments include:
Access:
As a customer, you maintain full control of your content that you upload to the AWS services under your AWS account, and responsibility for configuring access to AWS services and resources. We provide an advanced set of access, encryption, and logging features to help you do this effectively (e.g.,
AWS Identity and Access Management
,
AWS Organizations
and
AWS CloudTrail
). We also provide APIs for you to configure access control permissions for any of the services you develop or deploy in an AWS environment. We do not access or use your content for any purpose without your agreement. We do not use your content or derive information from it for marketing or advertising purposes.
Storage:
You choose the AWS Region(s) in which your content is stored. You can replicate and back up your content in more than one AWS Region. We will not move or replicate your content outside of your chosen AWS Region(s) without your agreement.
Security:
You choose how your content is secured. We offer you industry-leading encryption features to protect your content in transit and at rest, and we provide you with the option to manage your own encryption keys. These data protection features include:
Data encryption capabilities available in over 100 AWS services
.
Flexible key management options using AWS Key Management Service (KMS)
, allowing customers to choose whether to have AWS manage their encryption keys or keep complete control over their keys.
Security assurance program, using best practices for security and data protection to help you operate securely within AWS, and to make the best use of our security control environment. These security protections and control processes are independently validated by
multiple third-party independent assessments
.
Disclosure of customer content
: We will not disclose customer content (see How does AWS classify customer information? below) unless we're required to do so to comply with the law or a valid and binding order of a government body. If a governmental body sends AWS a demand for your customer content, we will attempt to redirect the governmental body to request that data directly from you. If compelled to disclose your customer content to a government body, we will give you reasonable notice of the demand to allow you to seek a protective order or other appropriate remedy unless AWS is legally prohibited from doing so.
FAQs
What is customer content?
We define customer content as software (including machine images), data, text, audio, video, or images that a customer or any end user transfers to us for processing, storage, or hosting by AWS services in connection with a customer's account, and any computational results that a customer or their end user derives from the foregoing through their use of AWS services. For example, customer content includes content that a customer or their end user stores in Amazon Simple Storage Service (S3). Customer content does not include account information, which we describe below. Customer content also does not include information included in resource identifiers, metadata tags, access controls, rules, usage policies, permissions, and similar items related to the management of AWS resources. AWS recommends that you do not include personally identifying, confidential, or sensitive information in these items. The terms of the
AWS Customer Agreement
and the
AWS Service Terms
apply to your customer content.
What is account information?
We define account information as information about a customer that a customer provides to us in connection with the creation or administration of a customer account. For example, account information includes names, usernames, phone numbers, email addresses, and billing information associated with a customer account. The information practices described in the
AWS Privacy Notice
apply to account information.
Who owns customer content?
As a customer, you own your customer content, and you select which AWS services can process, store, and host your customer content. We do not access or use your customer content for any purpose without your agreement. We do not use customer content or derive information from it for marketing or advertising.
Who controls customer content?
As a customer, you control your content:
You determine the geographic region where your customer content will be stored and the type of storage.
You choose the secured state of your customer content. We offer you industry-leading encryption features to protect your content in transit and at rest, and we provide you with the option to manage your own encryption keys.
You manage access to your customer content, and access to AWS services and resources through users, groups, permissions, and credentials that you control.
How do you use my account information?
The
AWS Privacy Notice
describes how we collect and use account information.
How does AWS use information included in resource identifiers and other items related to the management of AWS resources?
AWS uses that information to provide the AWS services, and to protect and improve the customer experience. For example, AWS uses resource identifiers to help customers generate cost and usage reports, which can be used to break down AWS spend by cost center, and IAM permissions to determine whether a specific user can purchase reserved instances. When customers contact AWS for technical assistance, AWS may also analyze resource identifiers and permissions to help resolve their issues.
What happens when AWS receives a legal request for customer content?
We are vigilant about our customers' privacy. We will not disclose customer content unless we're required to do so to comply with the law or a valid and binding order of a governmental body. If a governmental body sends AWS a demand for customer content, we will attempt to redirect the governmental body to request that data directly from the customer. Governmental and regulatory bodies need to follow the applicable legal process to obtain valid and binding orders. We review all orders and object to overbroad or otherwise inappropriate ones. If compelled to disclose customer content to a government body, we will give customers reasonable notice of the demand to allow the customer to seek a protective order or other appropriate remedy unless AWS is legally prohibited from doing so. It is also important to point out that our customers can encrypt their customer content, and we provide customers with the option to manage their own encryption keys.
We know that transparency matters to our customers, so we regularly publish a report about the types and volume of information requests we receive on the
Amazon Information Requests
webpage.
Where is customer content stored?
The
AWS Global Infrastructure
gives you the flexibility to choose where and how you want to run your workloads using the same network, control plane, APIs, and AWS services. If you would like to run your applications globally you can choose from any of the AWS Regions and Availability Zones. As a customer, you choose the AWS Region(s) in which your customer content is stored, allowing you to deploy AWS services in the location(s) of your choice, in accordance with your specific geographic requirements. For example, if an AWS customer in Australia wants to store their data only in Australia, they can choose to deploy their AWS services exclusively in the Asia Pacific (Sydney) AWS Region. If you want to discover other flexible storage options see the
AWS Regions
webpage.
You can also replicate and back up your customer content in more than one AWS Region. We will not move or replicate your content outside of your chosen AWS Region(s), except as necessary to provide the services you initiated, or as necessary to comply with the law or a binding order of a governmental body. However, it is important to note that some AWS services may not be available in all AWS Regions. For more information about which services are available in which AWS Regions, see the
AWS Regional Services
webpage.
What is my role in securing my content?
When evaluating the security of a cloud solution, it is important for you to understand and distinguish between the security of the cloud, and your security in the cloud. Security of the cloud encompasses the security measures that AWS implements and operates. We are responsible for security of the cloud. Security in the cloud encompasses the security measures that you implement and operate, related to the AWS services you use. You are responsible for your security in the cloud. For more information, see the
AWS Shared Responsibility
webpage.
What step does AWS take to protect my privacy?
At AWS, our highest priority is securing our customers’ data, and we implement rigorous contractual, technical, and organizational measures to protect data confidentiality, integrity, and availability regardless of which AWS Region a customer has selected.
AWS complies with ISO 27018, a code of practice that focuses on protection of personal data in the cloud. It extends ISO information security standard 27001 to cover the regulatory requirements for the protection of personally identifiable information (PII) or personal data for the public cloud computing environment and specifies implementation guidance based on ISO 27002 controls that is applicable to PII processed by public cloud service providers. For more information, or to view the AWS ISO 27018 Certification, see the
AWS ISO 27018 Compliance
webpage.
Additionally, AWS publishes a SOC 2 Type II Privacy report, based on the SOC 2 Privacy Trust Criteria developed by the American Institute of CPAs (AICPA), which establishes criteria for evaluating controls related to how personal data is collected, used, retained, disclosed, and disposed to meet the entity’s objectives. The AWS SOC 2 Type II Privacy report provides third-party attestation of our systems and the suitability of the design of our privacy controls. The scope of the privacy report includes information about how we handle the content that you upload to AWS and how it is protected in all of the services and locations that are in scope for the latest
AWS SOC reports
. The SOC 2 Type II Privacy report can be downloaded through
AWS Artifact
in the
AWS Management Console
.
Who should I contact if I have questions regarding AWS and data protection?
We recommend that customers with questions regarding AWS and data protection contact their AWS account manager. If customers have signed up for Enterprise Support, they can also reach out to their Technical Account Manager (TAM) for support. AWS account managers and TAMs work with Solutions Architects to help customers meet their compliance needs. AWS can’t provide legal advice to customers, and we recommend that customers consult their legal counsel if they have legal questions regarding data protection.
We also have teams of Enterprise Support Representatives, Professional Services Consultants, and other staff to help with privacy questions. You can contact us with questions
here
.
Resources
Data Privacy Center
Privacy Features of AWS Services
Amazon Information Requests
AWS Privacy Notice
Catch up on re:Invent
|  Watch the latest keynotes on-demand. Explore Videos Now »
Have Questions? Connect with an AWS Business Representative
Contact Us
Exploring compliance roles?
Apply today »
Want AWS Compliance updates?
Follow us on Twitter »
AWS support for Internet Explorer ends on 07/31/2022. Supported browsers are Chrome, Firefox, Edge, and Safari.
Learn more »
Close
Cryptographic Computing
Culture of Security
Open Source Security
Post-Quantum Cryptography
Provable Security
Ransomware Protection
Zero Trust
Close
Cloud Audit Academy
Compliance Overview
Compliance Programs
Services in Scope
Shared Responsibility Model
Close
Data Protection
Data Privacy Center
Digital Sovereignty
Close
AWS Marketplace
Digital Sovereignty Competency
MSSP
MSSP Competency
Partner Resources
Security Competency
Close
Confidential Computing
Customer Success Stories
Security Best Practices
Security Bulletins
Security Content
Security Learning
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
Login
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
View profile
Log out
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
Login
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
View profile
Log out
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
View profile
Log out
Sub-policy 3
https://amplitude.com/privacy:
Privacy Notice
Table of Contents
1. Introduction
2. What This Privacy Notice Covers
3. Personal Data We Collect And How We Use The Personal Data
4. When Amplitude Discloses Personal Data
5. Customer End User Data
6. International Transfer
7. Our Commitment To Data Security
8. Your Choices About How We Use And Disclose Information We Collect From You
9. Other Information About Our Privacy Practices
10. Updates And Changes To The Privacy Notice
11. Disputes
12. California Privacy Rights
13. Contact Us
14. Cookies
15. Previous Privacy Version
Last Updated: September 26, 2023
1. Introduction
Amplitude, Inc. ("
Amplitude
," "
we
," or "
us
") is a cloud-based product-analytics platform that helps customers build better products. Amplitude respects the privacy of individuals and is committed to protecting the information of visitors to the website ("
Visitors
") and individuals or entities that register to use the Amplitude products and services ("
Customers
"). This Privacy Notice describes Amplitude’s practices for collecting, storing, using, disclosing, and otherwise processing information in relation to Visitors of the website, amplitude.com, including our Community Forum and Amplitude Academy ("
Website
"), Amplitude’s marketing activities, and Customers accessing and using our products and services (collectively, "
Product
").
Please read the following carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information collected through the Website, through your use of the Product, and through our marketing activities. If you do not agree with the below policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Website or register to use our Product, or to unsubscribe from our marketing.
2. What This Privacy Notice Covers
This Privacy Notice covers how we treat Personal Data that we gather about you in the course of our business, including when you access or use our Website or Product and through our or our partner’s events and marketing activities. Specifically, Amplitude is the controller of your Personal Data as described in this Privacy Notice, when it collects personal information from: (i) Visitors to Amplitude’s publicly available Website; (ii) Customers and their employees or other authorized users of their Amplitude instance when registering to use and using the Product; and (iii) when we receive personal information from or about you through our sales and marketing activities or events.
Throughout this Privacy Notice, "Personal Data" means any information that identifies or relates to a particular individual and also includes information referred to as "personally identifiable information" or "personal information" under applicable data privacy laws, rules or regulations.
For clarity, this Privacy Notice does not apply to Customer End User Data (as defined below) submitted by our customers to the Product. In those circumstances, Amplitude is processing Customer End User Data on behalf of that customer and that customer is responsible for the collection and use of your data. In addition, this Privacy Notice does not apply to the mobile applications, websites or services offered by our Customers or other third-parties. You should refer to that customer’s or third party’s privacy notice and direct any inquiries to them.
3. Personal Data We Collect And How We Use The Personal Data
3.1
PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT
The Personal Data you provide to us directly
You provide your Personal Data to us when you voluntarily fill in forms on our Website such as when you request a demo or to contact sales. This Personal Data may include: first and last name, company name, job title, work email address, country and/or state, phone number and the content of your request.
You may also share Personal Data with us through our Website when you register for an event or online webinar or training; sign up to receive our newsletter; subscribe to our blog; register to contribute and participate in our Community Forum or use Amplitude Academy; download a white paper or playbook; or complete a survey. This Personal Data may include: first and last name, company name, job title, work email address, country and/or state, phone number and the content of your request.
In order to access and use the Product, you are required to register for an account with us. When you register for an account, you may provide Personal Data to us, including first and last name, company name, job title, work email address, country and/or state, phone number, and username and password.
You may also provide Amplitude with your personal information at a marketing event or through marketing activities. This Personal Data may include: first and last name, company name, job title, work email address, work address, phone number and the content of your request.
If you attend an in-person or virtual event or agree to be recorded in a telephone or video meeting, we may record some or all of that event or meeting. For events, we may also document the event by taking photos or interviewing you at the event. We use this information for business and marketing purposes and training purposes.
You may choose to participate in an Amplitude program that allows you to pay fees with a credit or debit card, in which case you may provide your credit card or other payment details information directly to our third party payment processor. As explained below, Amplitude does not store this information.
The Personal Data we collect from third party sources
Amplitude may obtain Personal Data about you from third parties, including, but not limited to, marketing event organizers, partners, resellers, and public databases and websites.
Service providers
. For example, we may use third party providers of business contact information. The Personal Data provided to Amplitude by these Service providers about you may include your first and last name, company name, job title, business mailing addresses, business email addresses and business phone numbers, and LinkedIn URLs for purposes of delivering relevant Product updates and information, email content, advertisements and events.
Advertising partners.
We receive information about you from some of our service providers who assist us with marketing or promotional services, related to how you interact with our Website, event promotions, advertisements or communications. Amplitude requires that any third party providing us with Personal Data contact information has obtained the information lawfully and has the appropriate consent to share the information with Amplitude.
Google’s API Services.
Amplitude integrates Google’s Application Programming Interface (API) Services to allow users the option of logging into our platform with their Google credentials. If you choose to login to the Amplitude platform with Google’s API services, Google may share with us your email, name, and your unique Google ID so we can identify and authenticate you as a user. We do not share your data with any other parties, other than as may be necessary to provide our services to you. Amplitude’s use of information received from Google’s APIs will adhere to the
Google API Services User Data Policy
.
Targeted Online Advertisements:
We use third party service providers to help us understand our marketing efforts and to reach potential customers across the web. These third parties may use targeting and advertising cookies to track your online activity and across different channels, including our websites, email, and other websites and applications, to understand your interests, to display an advertisement for Amplitude, or email you with a marketing communication for Amplitude.
This Privacy Notice does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, cookies in third party ads. You should check the privacy policies of advertisers and/or ad services to learn more about their use of cookies and your information.
Information We Collect Automatically:
As you navigate through and interact with our Website or Product, we may use cookies, which are small files placed on your computer or mobile device, and web beacons, which are small electronic files located on pages of the Website or in email communications, to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions and events, and patterns. You can learn more about cookies and how we use them
here
.
We also use cookies to access information when you sign in, store your preferences, interact with certain functionality in the Product, to keep you logged in, and to store a limited amount of behavioral data.
The data automatically collected from cookies and web beacons may include information from your Web browser (such as browser type and browser language) and details of your visits to our Website, including traffic data, logs about your login history, identity confirmation, page views, length of visit and website navigation paths as well as information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address and connecting software. We collect this data in order to help us provide, support and improve our Website, the Product and the user experience with our Website and Product, and for network and information security purposes. You can learn more about cookies and how we use them
here
.
Additionally, Amplitude may use cookies and similar technologies to collect information about our Customers' interactions with the Product in a manner that allows us to reproduce and fix issues and to identify areas of improvement for our Product. Customers can opt out of the use of this software during their use of the Product by contacting us at privacy@amplitude.com.
The information we collect automatically may also include statistical and performance information arising from our Customers’ use of our Product and Visitors to our Website. This type of data will only be used by us in an aggregated and anonymized manner.
3.2
THE WAY AMPLITUDE USES YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We use Personal Data that we collect about you or that you provide to us as is necessary to run our business and to carry out day-to-day business activities. How we use the Personal Data we collect depends in part on how you choose to communicate with us, how you use our Website and/or Product and interact with us, and any preferences you have communicated to us. In general, we use the Personal Data in order to respond to a request from you, to carry out our legal obligations, to fulfill a contract with you, to provide the Product or other services to you, to make improvements to the Product, to protect your vital interests, to provide you with notices and for other purposes with your consent as described below.
We use the Personal Data you provide to us when you fill in forms on our Website to respond to your request, provide requested information, and to contact you about that request. Our legal basis for processing this personal information is our legitimate interest in communicating with you and fulfilling your requests.
We may use your Personal Data to provide the Product to you, including to make improvements to the Product and understand your preferences to personalize your experience, as well as for non-marketing or administrative purposes (such as notifying you of major changes to the Website, the Product or for customer service purposes). Our legal basis for processing this Personal Data is in the performance of our contract to provide the Product or other services to you.
We also use the Personal Data you provide to us for the purpose of operating our Website and Product; to detect bugs, report errors and to maintain the quality and safety of our Website and Product; and for ensuring the security and integrity of our Website and Product. Our legal basis for processing this personal information is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of and security of our Website and Product.
For Personal Data that we collect through tracking technologies about your interaction with our Website and Product, we use this information for analyzing the use of the Website and Product in order to improve the quality and design, user experience, and performance of our Website and Product. Our legal basis for processing this type of data is our legitimate interests, namely, to provide you with a better user experience.
For Personal Data we collect through targeted or online advertising cookies, we use this information to display and measure engagement with advertisements across different devices and sites and to serve you with marketing materials.
We may use the Personal Data you provide to us at marketing events, when you register for an online webinar or download a whitepaper for the purpose of offering, marketing and selling products and services to you or to communicate with you about an event. Our legal basis for processing this Personal Data is consent, which you can withdraw at any time.
We may also use any of your Personal Data identified in this Privacy Notice for the purposes of: (i) enforcing our agreements and policies, including Terms of Service or Main Service Agreement, (ii) protecting or defending Amplitude’s legal rights; (iv) protecting your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person; or (v) complying with a legal obligation.
We may use your Personal Data for any other business purpose stated when collecting your Personal Data or as otherwise set forth in applicable data privacy laws.
We will not collect additional categories of Personal Data or use the Personal Data we collect for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.
As noted in the list above, we may communicate with you if you’ve provided us the means to do so. For example, if you’ve given us your email address, we may send you promotional email offers or email you about your use of the Product or Website. Also, we may receive a confirmation when you open an email from us, which helps us improve our Website and Product. If you do not want to receive communications from us, you can unsubscribe from marketing communications or email us with your preferences at privacy@amplitude.com or ccpa@amplitude.com.
3.3 LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING PERSONAL DATA FOR EEA, UK, AND SWISS VISITORS AND CUSTOMERS
If you are an individual in the European Economic Area (“
EEA
”), United Kingdom, Switzerland, or another relevant jurisdiction, we collect and process Personal Data about you only where we have a legal basis or bases for doing so under applicable laws. The legal bases depend on how you use the Website and/or Product, the Product your organization has purchased or uses, how you choose to interact and communicate with Amplitude’s Website and Product, and whether you attend Amplitude events. However, we will collect Personal Data only where we have your consent to do so, where we need the Personal Data to perform a contract with you, or where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect Personal Data from you and we will endeavor to make that clear at collection.
4. When Amplitude Discloses Personal Data
We may disclose Personal Data that we collect or you provide to us as described below.
We may disclose Personal Data that we collect or you provide to us to our subsidiaries and affiliates.
We may share your Personal Data collected from you as described in this Privacy Notice with third-party service providers who need to access the Personal Data in order to perform services on behalf of Amplitude, such as processing or storing such information, securing our Website or Product, or providing analytics services on our behalf. The third-party service providers are limited to using the Personal Data solely to provide the services to us and are bound by contractual obligations to keep Personal Data confidential and secure and to use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them.
If you are part of an Amplitude program that allows you to pay fees with a credit card or debit card and you choose to pay such fees with a credit card or debit card, your credit card or debit card information is provided directly to our third-party payment processor, Stripe, to process the payments. The payment information is transmitted directly via an encrypted connection to Stripe. Stripe uses, processes and stores your Personal Data and payment information in accordance with Stripe’s privacy policy available at stripe.com/us/privacy. Amplitude does not collect or store your payment information. Stripe maintains that it is PCI compliant and you can learn more about Stripe’s security measures available at stripe.com/help/security.
We may share your Personal Data if we believe disclosure is necessary to comply with applicable laws, regulations, respond to a court order, subpoena or a government request (such as a search warrant). If a government request or other legal process requires Amplitude to disclose your personal data, then Amplitude will use reasonable efforts to provide you with prior notification of the disclosure unless Amplitude is prohibited by law from doing so.
Amplitude also reserves the right to disclose your Personal Data that Amplitude believes, in good faith, is appropriate or necessary to: (i) enforce our agreements and policies, including for billing and collection purposes, (ii) protect the security or integrity of the Website or Product; or (iii) protect or defend Amplitude’s legal rights.
In the event that Amplitude is acquired by or merged with a third party entity, we reserve the right, in any of these circumstances, to transfer or assign your Personal Data as part of such merger, acquisition, sale, or other change of control. In the unlikely event of our bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership, or assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the application of laws or equitable principles affecting creditors rights generally, we may not be able to control how your personal information is treated, transferred, or used.
Amplitude may disclose anonymized and/or aggregated information about Visitors to the Website or our Customers’ use of the Product that does not identify any individual.
Amplitude makes available our Community Forum and other resources or materials where you may post user generated content. The information you choose to post is publicly available and may be read and collected by others that visit these sections of the Website. Except for the details in your profile (e.g., username), the categories of data disclosed in these circumstances will depend on what information you choose to provide.
Amplitude may disclose Personal Data to third-party business partners at your direction, if you access or request contact from the third-party business partners through the Product or Website or at a marketing event.
Amplitude may disclose Personal Data that we collect or you provide to us for any purpose disclosed by us when we collect the information or with your consent, such as advertising or marketing providers.
5. Customer End User Data
This Privacy Notice does not apply to Customer End Users, Customer End User Data or Customer Applications.
With respect to the Personal Data collected by our Customers and submitted to the Amplitude platform, Amplitude is a processor and only processes such Personal Data in accordance with the instructions of our Customers. Our Customers may integrate into their mobile applications, websites or other services (collectively, "
Customer Applications
") certain aspects of our Product in order to understand how their own users ("
Customer End Users
") engage with the Customer Applications ("
Customer End User Data
").
Our Customers, not Amplitude, choose the type of Customer End User Data collected by Customer Applications, and submitted and processed through our Customers’ use of the Products. We process the Customer End User Data only according to the instructions of Customers and our legal obligations with respect to the Customer End User Data is set forth in the agreement between us and our Customers. The collection of Customer End User Data through Customer Applications is governed by our Customers’ privacy policies, and if you are a Customer End User then you should review the Customer’s privacy policy to learn more about the Customer’s data handling practices.
While Amplitude recognizes that an individual has the right to access, delete and amend the data collected about that individual, Amplitude only has a relationship with our Customers and does not interact with the Customer End Users. As such, if you are a Customer End User and you would like to access, amend or delete your data, you need to contact the Customer directly with your request which Customer may process. Amplitude will respond within a reasonable period of time to any such request or assistance requested by our Customer.
Amplitude only retains the Customer End User Data we process on behalf of our Customers for as long as necessary to provide the Product to our Customers or as required to comply with legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce any agreement.
6. International Transfer
By interacting with the Website or using the Product or otherwise providing information to Amplitude, you understand that your Personal Data may be transferred to the United States or another country other than your country of residence and you consent to such transfer. In order to ensure that your Personal Data receives an adequate level of protection and security, Amplitude has implemented appropriate safeguards for cross-border transfers of Personal Data, as required by applicable data protection laws. These safeguards may include using the European Commission-approved standard contractual clauses to protect the transfer of your Personal Data to Amplitude’s corporate affiliates or service providers, if required by applicable law.
Amplitude complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“Swiss-U.S. DPF”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Amplitude has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. DPF Principles with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Amplitude has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles (together, the “DPF Principles”), the DPF Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (“DPF”) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
For the actions of third party agents Amplitude engages to process data on our behalf, Amplitude remains responsible and liable under the DPF Principles if a third party agent processes the Personal Data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless Amplitude proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
7. Our Commitment To Data Security
Amplitude uses commercially reasonable physical, managerial, and technical safeguards designed to secure your Personal Data from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. These measures include, for example, physical access controls, encryption, firewalls, and detection and monitoring. Our personnel who may have access to your Personal Data are required to keep that information confidential and trained on their security and privacy obligations.
You, however, are also responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and other information used by you to access the Website or use the Product. While Amplitude does its best to protect your Personal Data, any transmission of your Personal Data is done at your own risk and Amplitude cannot guarantee that such Personal Data may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards. Except as expressly required by law, we are not responsible for the theft, destruction, loss or inadvertent disclosure of your Personal Data or information. If Amplitude learns of a security systems breach, then we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps. Amplitude may post a notice on the Website or in Product if a security breach occurs. Depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing.
8. Your Choices About How We Use And Disclose Information We Collect From You
We strive to provide you with choices regarding your Personal Data and we understand that you have the right to access, correct, delete, object to and restrict our use of your Personal Data. We also understand that you have the right to obtain a copy of your Personal Data from us and to withdraw your consent to the processing of your Personal Data by us. Please note that the rights set forth in this Section 8, unless otherwise noted, apply globally to all Visitors and Customers, whether or not you are a California resident or a resident of the EEA, United Kingdom, or Switzerland. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your Personal Data:
You may choose not to provide Personal Data through our Website or when you register for the Product, in which case Amplitude may not be able to provide certain services to you or respond to your requests.
You can access, review, correct and/or change your Personal Data by logging into your account on the Website or Product and visiting your account profile page. You may also send us an email at privacy@amplitude.com or ccpa@amplitude.com to request access to, correct or delete any Personal Data that you have provided to us. In some cases, we may not be able to delete your Personal Data except by also deleting your user account.
If you do not wish to have your email address or other contact information used by us to promote our own products or services, you can opt-out by checking the relevant box located on the form on which we collect your Personal Data, by updating your user or subscription preferences in your account profile(s), or by sending us an email stating your request to privacy@amplitude.com. If we have sent you a promotional email, you may unsubscribe to receive future emails via the unsubscribe link in that email or adjust your user preferences in your account profile as noted above. The opt out specified above does not apply to information provided to us as a result of a purchase, product service experience or other transactions. You cannot unsubscribe from non-promotional and transactional communications.
You may also request a copy of your Personal Data that you have provided to us directly by sending an email to privacy@amplitude.com or ccpa@amplitude.com. We will provide you a copy of your Personal Data in a commonly used electronic form.
If we collected and processed your Personal Data with your consent, where required by law, you can withdraw your consent at any time by emailing privacy@amplitude.com or ccpa@amplitude.com.
Depending on your country or state of residence, including if you are a California resident, you have the right to opt out of the sale of Personal Data, certain sharing of Personal Data with third party ad partners, and the right to limit the use or disclosure of sensitive personal information. We do not sell your Personal Data or use or disclose sensitive personal information for purposes other than those permitted by the CCPA. We may share Personal Data with third party ad partners, such as through cookies or by providing lists of email addresses for potential customers so we can reach them across the web with relevant ads. If you wish to opt out of sharing, you may adjust your preferences in the Cookie Settings.
If you wish to opt out of this sharing of your Personal Data with cookies on this domain, please update your Cookie Settings.
Please note to exercise the rights set forth above we may ask you to: (1) provide sufficient information to allow us to verify that you are the person about whom we have collected Personal Data, and (2) describe the request in sufficient detail to allow us to understand, evaluate, and respond to it. Each request that meets both of these criteria will be considered a "Valid Request." We may not respond to requests that do not meet these criteria. We will only use Personal Data provided in a Valid Request to verify you and complete your request. You do not need an account to submit a Valid Request.
We will work to respond to your Valid Request within 30 days of receipt. We will not charge you a fee for making a Valid Request unless your Valid Request(s) is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that your Valid Request warrants a fee, we will notify you of the fee and explain that decision before completing your request.
You may submit a Valid Request, or appeal our response to a valid request, by emailing us at privacy@amplitude.com or ccpa@amplitude.com with the appropriate information and detail.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights under the GDPR, CCPA or other applicable data privacy laws or regulations. We will not deny you our goods or services, charge you different prices or rates, or provide you a lower quality of goods and services if you exercise your rights under the GDPR, CCPA or other applicable data privacy laws or regulations.
9. Other Information About Our Privacy Practices
9.1
Our Retention Practices
Personal Data that Amplitude collects and processes as a controller for the purposes identified in this Privacy Notice are not kept by Amplitude for longer than is necessary for the specific purpose identified in this Privacy Notice, unless required to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your Personal Data to comply with applicable laws or regulations), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies. When we no longer have a legitimate business need to retain your Personal Data, we will either delete or anonymize it.
9.2
Children’s Privacy
Amplitude’s Website and Product are not directed at children. We do not knowingly collect or solicit Personal Data directly from individuals that are under the age of 13. If you are under 13, please do not provide or send us any Personal Data or attempt to register for or otherwise use the Product. If we learn that a child under 13 has directly provided us with their Personal Data through the Website or Product, or that we have collected information for a child under 13 through our marketing activities, then we will delete that information. If you believe a child under 13 has registered for an account on the Website or Product, or is receiving marketing materials from Amplitude, please contact us at privacy@amplitude.com.
9.3
Automated Decision-Making
Amplitude does not use any Personal Data provided by you for the purpose of automated decision-making or profiling.
9.4
Other Websites; Links
Our Website, Product or marketing materials may contain links to other third party websites or applications (such as Facebook, LinkedIn or Twitter). This Privacy Notice does not apply to any third party websites, including through any application that may link to or be accessible from or on the Website or Product, and Amplitude is not responsible for the privacy policies and the content of the third party websites or applications.
10. Updates And Changes To The Privacy Notice
Please note that we reserve the right, at any time, to add to, change, update, or modify this Privacy Notice, to reflect changes in our practices, technologies, additional factors, and to be consistent with applicable data protection and privacy laws or other legal requirements. The modified Privacy Notice will be posted on this website along with the effective date. If, in our reasonable discretion, the changes are material, we will provide you with additional notice (such as adding a notice on our Website, in the Product, or sending you an email notification). Changes to this Privacy Notice are effective when they are posted on this page.
11. Disputes
As part of our commitment to the DPF Principles, if you are a resident of the European Union, UK, or Switzerland and you have a privacy or data use concern, please contact Amplitude directly at privacy@amplitude.com and Amplitude will use its best efforts to address your concern within 45 days of receipt of your complaint. For an unresolved privacy or data use concern that Amplitude has not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S. based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution
.
For any DPF disputes that cannot be resolved by the methods above, you may be able to invoke a binding arbitration process under certain conditions. To find out more about the DPF's binding arbitration scheme, please see Annex I of the DPF Principles, here:
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/Participation-Requirements-Data-Privacy-Framework-DPF-Principles-dpf
.
The Federal Trade Commission has investigation and enforcement authority over Amplitude’s compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF
12. California Privacy Rights
Under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 and its amendments (“CCPA”), California residents have certain rights to disclosures about how we collect, use, retain and disclose your Personal Data. This section addresses those requirements. For a description of all of our data collection, use and disclosure practices, please read this Privacy Notice in its entirety.
Personal Data Collection and Disclosure
Amplitude does not sell Personal Data as we understand the term “sell” to be defined by the CCPA. We share Personal Data, as we understand the term “share” to be defined by the CCPA, as set forth below.
The categories of Personal Data we may collect from you, from third parties, and from your interactions with us, and categories of third party recipients to whom we disclose such Personal Data for business purposes are set forth below. For additional detail about the Personal Data we collect and use and with whom we share this Personal Data and for what purpose, please review Sections 3 and 4 above.
Identifiers (such as name, email address, work address, and phone number)
Service providers; third parties
Commercial information (such as account records and transaction data)
Service providers; third parties
Internet or other network or device activity (such as browsing history or Website or Product usage)
Service providers
Geolocation data (such as country, city, or approximate location inferred from your IP address)
Service providers
Professional or employment-related data
Service providers; third parties
The following categories of Personal Data have been shared in the preceding 12 months with third party advertising partners and advertising technology providers so that we can reach you with advertisements for our products and services and make them more relevant to you:
Identifiers and contact information
Analytics or other electronic network activity.
Amplitude does not use or disclose sensitive personal information for purposes other than those permitted purposes under the CCPA. Amplitude does not have actual knowledge that it sells or shares Personal Data of individuals under the age of 16.
We retain Personal Data as described in Section 9.1 above.
California law gives California residents the right to make certain requests with regard to their Personal Data. Please see Section 8 for a description of your choices and how you may make a request.
13. Contact Us
If you have any comments, concerns or questions about this Privacy Notice or our privacy practices in general, please send an email to
privacy@amplitude.com
,
ccpa@amplitude.com
, or send mail to:
Amplitude, Inc.
Attn: Privacy
201 Third Street, Suite 200
San Francisco, CA 94103
EFFECTIVE DATE
This Privacy Notice was last updated on September 26, 2023.
14. Cookies
Amplitude uses cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns. Below we describe what cookies and web beacons are, why we use cookies and web beacons, the types of cookies and web beacons that we use, as well as what you can do in order to manage and delete cookies and web beacons.
What are cookies and web beacons?
Cookies are small text files that websites often store on computer hard drives or mobile devices of visitors to their websites. A cookie contains a unique number, which is used to recognize your computer or mobile device when you return to our Website. Cookies can remain on your computer or mobile device for different periods of time. The cookies can be either "persistent" cookies or "session" cookies. Persistent cookies are stored by a web browser and remain valid until a set expiration date. Session cookies only exist while your internet browser is open and are automatically deleted once you close your browser.
Web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) are small electronic files contained on pages of websites that permit companies to count users who have visited certain webpages on a website and are used for other related website statistics (e.g., recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
What does Amplitude
use cookies and web beacons for?
Amplitude uses a variety of cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies for different purposes. Specifically, Amplitude uses cookies and web beacons to enhance the experience of our visitors to our Website (for example, by remembering your preferences and letting you navigate between pages efficiently) and to better understand how the Website and Product are used. Cookies may tell us, for example, whether you have visited the Website before or whether you are a new visitor.
What types of cookies and web beacons are used by Amplitude?
Amplitude uses both first-party and third-party cookies and web beacons. First-party cookies and web beacons are cookies and web beacons that are served directly by Amplitude to your computer or mobile device. Third-party cookies and web beacons are served by a third-party service provider on behalf of Amplitude. Third-party cookies are most commonly used for advertising and analytics purposes.
There are four categories of cookies and web beacons used by Amplitude. Specifically, Amplitude uses essential, performance, functionality and advertising cookies and web beacons.
Essential cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies are necessary for the operation of the Website and Product. These tracking technologies enable you to move around on the Website and use the Website’s features. You may not opt-out of these types of cookies because they are required to operate the Website and Product.
Performance cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies collect information about how you have used the Website and Product. We use performance cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies to improve the user experience with our Website and Product.
Functionality cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies allow us to remember how you are logged into our Website, when you logged in or out and the actions you have taken while you have been logged into the Website.
Advertising cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies are used by our third-party service providers to deliver advertising to you on other third-party websites as well as help measure the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns. We also use these types of cookies to analyze Website visits and ad conversions from third-party websites.
The table below lists the types of cookies and third party service providers currently used by Amplitude but may not include all cookies or third party service providers. In addition, the below list of cookies and third party service providers is subject to change at any time.
Performance
Amplitude
We use our own products and services to analyze the user behavior within our website and our own products and services.
For more information about our privacy practices, see
https://amplitude.com/privacy
Performance
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics to analyze the use of our website.
For more information about Google’s privacy practices, see
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Functional
Intercom
We use Intercom to power chat functionality.
For more information about Intercom’s privacy practices, see
https://www.intercom.com/legal/privacy
Advertising
Marketo
We use Marketo for marketing automation services.
For more information about Marketo’s cookie policy, see
https://documents.marketo.com/legal/cookies/
Advertising
Doubleclick
We use Doubleclick to track advertisements and measure website visits and conversions.
For more information about opting out of the ads, see
https://adssettings.google.com/u/0/authenticated
Advertising
LinkedIn
We use LinkedIn to track conversions and website visits from our advertisements displayed on LinkedIn.
For more information about LinkedIn’s privacy practices, please see
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
Advertising
Facebook
We use Facebook to track conversions and website visits from our advertisements displayed on Facebook.
For more information about Facebook’s privacy practices, please see
https://www.facebook.com/help/www/213802165366955
Advertising
AddThis
We use AddThis for their website tools like social sharing buttons.
For more information about AddThis’s privacy practices, please see
https://www.oracle.com/legal/privacy/addthis-privacy-policy.html
Advertising
StackAdapt
We use StackAdapt to track advertisements and measure website visits and conversions.
For more information about StackAdapt’s privacy practices, please see
https://www.stackadapt.com/platform-and-services-privacy-policy
Advertising
Bing
We use Bing to track conversions and website visits from our advertisements displayed on Bing.
For more information about Bing’s privacy practices, please see
https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/privacystatement
Advertising
Reddit
We use Reddit to track conversions and website visits from our advertisements displayed on Reddit.
For more information about Reddit’s privacy practices, please see
https://www.reddit.com/policies/privacy-policy
What are your choices about cookies?
You can decide whether or not to accept cookies through our Cookie Settings link on our Website. Most browsers allow you to configure the browser settings so that cookies from websites cannot be placed on your computer or mobile device. If you choose not to accept cookies, then you may be able to continue browsing our Website but we may not be able to provide you with certain features. If you want to opt out of advertising or performance cookies, then you may do so by reviewing the privacy policies of the third party service providers who serve the advertising and performance cookies identified above. If you would like further information about cookies and how to manage and delete them, please visit
www.allaboutcookies.org
or
www.youronlinechoices.eu
.
You can also delete all cookies that are already on your computer. If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit a site and the Product, Website and functionalities may not work.
What are your choices about cookies and interest-based advertisements?
Through the Digital Advertising Alliance and Network Advertising Initiative, several media and marketing associations have developed an industry self-regulatory program to give consumers a better understanding of, and greater control over, ads that are customized based on a consumer’s online behavior across different websites and properties. To make choices about internet-based ads from participating third parties, including to opt-out of receiving behaviorally targeted advertisements from participating organizations or to learn more about opting out of advertising cookies, please visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s or Digital Advertising Alliance’s consumer opt-out pages, which are located at
http://networkadvertising.org/choices/
or
www.aboutads.info/choices
. For those users located in the European Union, you can visit the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance’s user information website a
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
.
15. Previous Privacy Version
August 28, 2023
December 30, 2022
Sub-policy 4
https://www.applovin.com/privacy/:
Products
AppDiscovery
Acquire your ideal users
MAX
Monetize your app
SparkLabs
Create ads that perform
AppLovin Exchange
Reach your audience
Array
Increase value across customer’s lifecycle
Adjust
Measure your marketing
Wurl
Our streaming TV solution
Solutions
Increase ARPDAU
Grow Ad Inventory
Acquire App Users
Increase IAPs
Resources
Success Stories
Blog
Video Library
Guides and Reports
Glossary
Events
Partners
View all resources
More about us
Jobs
NEW
Press
About Us
Sign Up
Sign In
ENG
中文
日本語
한국어
Privacy Policy
Overview
Policies
Privacy Policy
隐私政策
Datenschutzerklärung
プライバシーポリシー
개인정보 보호 정책
Política de Privacidade
Politique de confidentialité
AppLovin Partners
AppLovin Policies for Publishers
AppLovin Policies for Demand Partners
AppLovin Array Privacy Policy
Terms
Terms of Use
使用协议条款
Vereinbarung über die Nutzungsbedingungen
利用規約
이용 약관 계약
Contrato de Termos de Uso
Accord sur les Conditions d’utilisation
DMCA Notice
End User License Agreement — Software
AppLovin Array Terms of Service
APPLOVIN PLATFORM DATA PROCESSING AGREEMENT
AppLovin Demand Partner Data Processing Agreement
Effective Date
: October 30, 2024
You can find the prior version
here
.
AppLovin Corporation (“we,” “us,” “our,” or “AppLovin”) operates a suite of tools for app developers and other businesses to automate and optimize the marketing and monetization of their platforms, products, or services by enabling the placement of different types of advertisements on digital properties including mobile apps, websites, and connected TV devices (collectively, the “Advertising Services” or “Services”).  As explained below, consumers interact with us in a few ways, primarily through advertisements served by AppLovin on behalf of advertisers.
The AppLovin Privacy Policy (this “Privacy Policy”) explains how we collect, use, and share information through our Services and advertising platform, and our corporate website at www.applovin.com (the “Website”), as well as your choices related to that information.
Contents
Our Advertising Services
Our Website
Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
Policy Changes
Contact Us
Our Advertising Services
This section describes the information we collect, use, and share through our Advertising Services.
General Information Collection and Use
If you are a consumer who downloads and uses an application which contains the AppLovin SDK or otherwise interacts with the Services through advertisements served within a digital property, we may collect certain information, including the following:
Device, App, and Browser Data
Device make, model, and operating system;
Device properties related to screen size, orientation, audio, battery, device memory usage, settings, and boot time;
Device settings related to accessibility features, font size, and theme;
Carrier;
Name and properties of mobile application through which a consumer interacts with the Services;
Country, time zone, and locale settings (country and preferred language);
Network connection type and speed;
IP Address;
Internet browser user-agent used to access the Services;
HTTP header information;
Advertising IDs (IDFA/GAID/Amazon FOSAID);
Vendor IDs (IDFV);
App Set IDs; and
Advertising and tracking preferences and restrictions.
Application publishers may choose to share with us additional information including your age or year of birth, gender, email, phone number, and interest segments for purposes of their own direct ad serving.  We do not retain this data or pass it downstream to advertising partners.  Please see the applicable publisher’s privacy policy for more information about their use of first party data.
Advertisers (through the advertiser itself or through a third party service provider on behalf of such advertiser) may also share transactional or “event” data related to a consumer’s interaction with an application, such as information about the actions taken in an application like purchases or application installations.
Information Collection and Use Specific
to
e-Commerce Ads Only
If you are a consumer who interacts with the Services through an e-commerce platform or a merchant website, we may collect certain additional information (that you provided to the e-commerce platform or merchant, through a third party’s API, our SDK, pixel, or other similar technologies), including the following:
User IDs;
Shopping browsing behavior (e.g., views) and search history;
Records of products purchased or considered (e.g., added to cart, check out);
Purchasing histories; and
Information regarding user interactions with advertising partners and their merchant partners’ sites and advertisements.
How We Collect Your Information
This information may be collected automatically across mobile apps and devices or received from third-parties across different technologies over time. We may also combine information we collect with other information we derive through analytical techniques, and we will use that combined information to offer the Services.
How We Use Your Information
We generally use the information we collect to:
Deliver the Services, maintain, and improve them, including our AI-powered advertising technology, and research and develop new ones;
Promote safety, security, and integrity of Services;
Provide measurement, analytics, and reporting; and
Comply with legal and regulatory obligations.
We use AI-powered advertising technology (sometimes referred to as “automated decision-making”) to help us improve our advertising products and Services and serve ads that are relevant and interesting to you. We use it in ways that do not produce legal or similarly significant effects on you (for example, by reordering how advertisements might appear when you visit a digital property such as a mobile app or a website).
Information Sharing
We may share information we collect or derive with third parties in the following contexts:
Service Providers.
We transfer information to service providers, and other partners who support our business, such as providing technical infrastructure services, analyzing how our Services are used, measuring the effectiveness of ads and services, providing customer service, or facilitating payments. These partners must adhere to strict confidentiality obligations in a way that is consistent with this Privacy Policy and the agreements we enter into with them.
Affiliates.
We may share information within the AppLovin family of companies for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Advertising Partners.
We share information with our third-party advertising partners, including advertisers, ad networks, exchanges, demand side platforms, merchants, other advertising partners (who aggregate their own demand sources), and ad optimization and measurement/attribution partners (e.g., mobile measurement partners or “MMPs”) to provide our clients with Advertising Services. This information may be used by such third-party partners to measure how effective ads are, show advertisements to end users for products and services that are more likely to appeal to them (a practice known as interest-based advertising or behavioral advertising), and to undertake web analytics to analyze traffic and other ad activity to improve the advertising experience.
Unless otherwise noted in our partner list, each AppLovin advertising partner is an independent controller of your data. You can view a list of AppLovin advertising partners with whom we share your data
here
, current as of the date listed at the top of that page.
If you do not want to receive interest-based advertisements, please see the
“Manage Your Privacy Choices”
section below. If you are located in the European Union, UK, or Switzerland, you may also see the
“Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals”
section below for more options. If you are an individual resident of the U.S. states that have enacted comprehensive consumer privacy laws, you may also review the “
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
” section below for more options.
Please note that the practices of our third-party advertising partners delivering advertisements through our Services are subject to those partners’ own privacy policies.
Regulatory or Legal Requirements.
We may disclose information to governmental regulatory authorities as required by law, including for tax or accounting purposes, in response to their requests for such information or to assist in investigations. We may also disclose personal information to third parties in connection with claims, disputes, or litigation, when otherwise required by law or court order.
Safety and Terms Enforcement.
We may disclose information if we determine, in our sole discretion, that its disclosure is necessary to protect the health, safety, or rights of you or any other person, protect against fraud, or enforce our legal rights, including contractual commitments made to us by third parties.
Business Transfers.
We may disclose personal information as part of an organizational business transaction, such as a merger, acquisition, joint venture, financing, or sale of organizational assets and may transfer personal information to a third party as one of the business assets in such a transaction. We may also disclose personal information in the event of insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership.
Manage Your Privacy Choices:
To limit collection of information from mobile devices, please visit your device’s settings to set the “Limit Ad Track” or other similar features on your device. Additionally, you may opt-out of interest-based advertising within ads served by AppLovin. For detailed instructions, see
How AppLovin Shows You Ads
. You can also make choices about data collection for certain companies by visiting an industry consumer choice platform such as the NAI (
https://optout.networkadvertising.org/
) or DAA (
https://optout.aboutads.info/
).  You may still receive ads after limiting processing of information for interest-based advertising, but those ads may be less relevant to your interests.
To see or manage the data collected by AppLovin from your device, you may download the AppLovin Privacy Management Application from the Apple or Google Play Stores:
By navigating through the tabs in the AppLovin Privacy Management Application, you can erase the personal information that AppLovin may have collected about you or request a copy of that personal information.
Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect personal information from, or serve advertisements to, children as defined and required by applicable laws. If you believe we have served an advertisement to a child or might have any personal information from or about a child, or if you believe a mobile application in which an AppLovin-served advertisement appeared may be designed for, directed to, or pass personal information knowingly from, children in violation of our policies, please contact us via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Data Security and Retention
We implement reasonable measures to help secure the information we collect through the Services. We retain the data we collect through the Services for up to 2 years. Information is automatically purged from our system if the Services do not receive any updated information for a device in the last 2 years. Note that we will retain information in our systems for as long as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
[END OF ADVERTISING SERVICES-SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
Our Website
This section describes the information we collect, use, and share through our Website.
Cookies and Other Similar Technology
The Website uses cookies, web beacons, or other similar technology to collect information for various purposes, including interest-based advertising. This information may include your IP address, device identifier, browser type, device type, the date and time of your visit, and the areas of the Website you visit. To learn more about and manage the cookies on this Website, please click “Cookie Settings” in our Website footer. You may also be able to limit the use of cookies through your browser settings. Note that certain parts of the Website may not function properly without cookies. Additionally, you may still receive ads after limiting processing of information for interest-based advertising, but those ads may be less relevant to your interests. If you erase your cookies, reset your device identifier, or use different browsers or devices, you may need to make your choices again.
We partner with Google Analytics to learn more about how you use our Website. For more information about how Google Analytics works you can visit
here
. To opt-out of Google Analytics, you can visit
here
and follow the instructions.
Additional Information Collection for Business Account Owners
When you register with AppLovin to use our Services, you may provide us with personal information such as your name, email address, phone number, mailing address, user name, and password. You may also provide us with payment information when you submit or receive a payment, or other information when you complete the online forms available on the Website. We may also acquire information from other trusted sources to update or supplement the information that you voluntarily provide to us or that we collect automatically.
How We Use Your Information
We may use the information we collect or you provide to us through the Website for various purposes, including:
To communicate with you, for example through newsletters or with other information about our products and services;
To operate and improve the Website and our Services;
To customize the Website;
For analytics and research;
For marketing purposes; and
For purposes disclosed at the time of collection.
Information Sharing
We may share information we collect through the Website in the following contexts:
With your consent;
For advertising and marketing purposes;
In response to a subpoena, court order, or other legal process;
To protect our rights and the rights of others;
With our affiliates;
With service providers that help us operate the Website and Services;
As part of a sale, merger, or acquisition, including at bankruptcy; and
For purposes disclosed at the time of collection.
Links to Other Websites
The Website may provide links to other websites or other digital properties that we do not control. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of those digital properties that you may visit.
Updating Information
You can update the personal information you provide to us by correcting, updating, or deleting the information associated with you via your AppLovin account. To add, modify, remove, or request access to the personal information about you that we hold, please see the
“Contact Us”
section below.
Your Marketing Choices
If you no longer wish to receive marketing-related emails from us on a going-forward basis, you may opt out of receiving these emails by clicking “Unsubscribe” at the bottom of any marketing email you receive from us or by emailing us at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Children
Our Website is not intended for use by children as defined and required by applicable law. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children through the Website. If you believe we might have any personal information from or about a child, please contact us via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Data Security and Retention
We have implemented reasonable physical, technical, and administrative security measures for the Website to help protect information we collect and store.
For detailed information regarding retention associated with cookies on the applovin.com domain, please click “Cookie Settings” in our Website footer to learn more.
We retain other information such as customer contact and payment information in our systems for as long as necessary as permitted by law to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
[END OF WEBSITE-SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals
If you are located in the European Union, United Kingdom, or Switzerland, the following additional provisions apply to you.
Data Privacy Framework
AppLovin complies with the EU-U.S Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.
AppLovin has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.  AppLovin has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
If you are an EU, UK, or Swiss individual, where we transfer your personal data to third party servicer providers (see above) who perform services for us or on our behalf, we are responsible for the processing of that data by them and shall remain liable if they process your personal data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Data Privacy Framework, AppLovin is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, AppLovin may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, AppLovin commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact AppLovin at
dataprotection@applovin.com
. AppLovin refers unresolved complaints to TRUSTe, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
for more information or to file a complaint.  These dispute resolution services are provided at no cost to you.
For complaints regarding DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms, you have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration. Further information can be found on the official DPF website.
Lawful Basis for Processing
On certain occasions, we process your personal data when it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party, such as to provide services to you. We may also process your personal data to respond to your inquiries concerning our products and services.
On other occasions, we process your personal data where required by law. We may also process your personal data if necessary to protect your interests or the interests of a third party.
Additionally, we process your personal data when necessary to do so for fraud prevention, improving our network and services, and marketing our services to advertisers and publishers, where these interests are not overridden by your data protection rights.
If the processing of your personal data is necessary, we will generally ensure that consent has been obtained from you if there is no other lawful basis for such processing. You have the right to withdraw your consent to processing of personal data at any time.
If personal data covered by this Privacy Policy is to be used for a new purpose that is materially different from that for which the personal data was originally collected or subsequently authorized, or is to be disclosed to a non-agent third party in a manner not specified in this Privacy Policy, we will provide you with an opportunity to choose whether to have your personal data so used or disclosed. Requests to opt out of such uses or disclosures of personal data should be sent to us as specified in the “Contact” section below. Certain personal data, such as information about medical or health conditions, racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, is considered “Sensitive Information”. AppLovin does not collect or seek to elicit “Sensitive Information”.
For questions about data processing, please contact our Data Protection Officer. Visit the “Contact” section below for contact information.
Your Rights
If you are an individual in the EU, UK, or Switzerland, you are able:
To request access to the personal data we hold about you;
To request that we rectify or erase your personal data;
To request that we restrict or block the processing of your personal data;
Under certain circumstances, to receive personal data about you that we store and transmit to another without hindrance from us, including requesting that we provide your personal data directly to another, i.e., a right to data portability; and
Where we previously obtained your consent, to withdraw consent to processing your personal data.
To exercise these rights, please contact us at the email address set forth in the
“Contact Us”
section below.  Our Data Protection Officer can also be reached at this email address.  Please be aware that we may be unable to afford these rights to you under certain circumstances, such as if we are legally prevented from doing so.
In certain circumstances, you may appoint an authorized agent to exercise any rights that you may have on your behalf.  If you choose to exercise any rights through an authorized agent, you will need to verify your identity directly with us before we can process any requests.  In addition, we will need written documentation demonstrating the authorized agent’s authority to act on your behalf.
Additionally, you have the right to lodge a complaint against us. To do so, contact the supervisory authority in your country of residence.
EU and UK Privacy Representatives
We have appointed
Prighter Group
as our privacy representatives in the EU and UK.  You can contact us through our privacy representatives at the following addresses:
For residents of the EU
:
PrighterGDPR-Rep by Maetzler Rechtsanwalts GmbH & Co KG
c/o AppLovin Corporation
Kriegerstraße 44
30161 Hannover
Germany
For residents of the UK
:
PrighterUK-Rep by Prighter Ltd.
c/o AppLovin Corporation
20 Mortlake Mortlake High Street
London, SW14 8JN
United Kingdom
Additional information regarding our privacy representatives can be found at the following link:
https://prighter.com/q/19826057144
.
[END OF EU/UK/SWISS SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
Additional provisions for individual residents of the U.S. states that have enacted comprehensive consumer privacy laws are included in our
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
, which explains how those residents may exercise their privacy rights.
Policy Changes
We may, in our sole discretion, make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time in order to accommodate new technologies, industry practices, regulatory requirements, or for other purposes. If we make any changes, we will update the “Effective Date” posted at the top of this Privacy Policy. If we make any material changes, we may notify you by email (sent to the email address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on the Website prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically to ensure that you understand how we collect, use, and share information.
Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when the revised Privacy Policy is posted on the Website. By continuing to use the Website or Advertising Services following such changes, you are agreeing to accept the terms of the revised Privacy Policy.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please write to us at:
Data Protection Officer
AppLovin Corporation
1100 Page Mill Road
Palo Alto, CA 94304
You can also contact us or our Data Protection Officer via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Please be sure to include your relevant account information in any correspondence to us.  This will help ensure that we can respond to your inquiry in a timely manner.
If you have a customer care issue, please visit
AppLovin Support
.
Sub-policy 5
https://www.appsflyer.com/legal/services-privacy-policy/:
Platform
Measure
Measurement suite
Measure every action on mobile, web and CTV
ROI measurement
Understand your true mobile marketing ROI
Creative Optimization
Unlock creative performance with the power of AI
Analyze
Marketing analytics
Turn insights on campaign performance into action
Incrementality
Prove the real value of your marketing campaigns
Engage
CX & deep linking
Boost revenue with exceptional customer experience
Audience segmentation
Create meaningful conversations with your customers
Protect
Fraud protection
Protect your marketing budget from mobile ad fraud
Collaborate
Privacy Cloud
Collaborate with your partners in a privacy-centric way
AppsFlyer Data Collaboration Platform
First-party data monetization that fuels retail media growth
Partner marketplace
Connect to over 10,000 tech and media partners
Interactive product tours
iOS 14+ solutions
Data feeds & APIs
Solutions
Team
Marketing
Product
Data & Analytics
R&D
Goal
Regain iOS visibility
Kickstart app growth
Scale user acquisition
Increase engagement & LTV
Maximize ROAS
Industry
Gaming
Shopping
Finance
Food & drink
Health & fitness
Travel
Platform
iOS
Android
PC & console
CTV & OTT
Web
Mobile
Web3
Partnerships
Tech and media partners
Agency partners
Partner Program
Interactive product tours
Customer stories
The AppsFlyer difference
Learn
Resources
Stay informed with industry insights, the latest trends, original content, and all things AppsFlyer
Ecosystem
Blog
Reports & guides
Events & webinars
Tools & templates
Industry benchmarks
Videos
Podcasts
Glossary
Metrics comparison
Customers
Customer stories
Product news
Use cases
Help center
Developer Hub
AppsFlyer Learning
Come to MAMA
Company
Who we are
Find out more about our history, our team, what we stand for, and why we do what we do
About us
Newsroom
CEO blog spot
Trust hub
Careers
Social impact
Contact
From our CEO
The future of our ecosystem and web
On privacy and user experience
Aggregated advanced privacy
Pricing
Login
Sign up free
Contact sales
Legal hub
MSA
Site Terms
Website Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
DPA
Opt Out
Processing Customer Data
Supplier Portal
Subprocessors
Modern Slavery Statement
Documentation
MSA
Site Terms
Website Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
DPA
Opt Out
Processing Customer Data
Supplier Portal
Subprocessors
Modern Slavery Statement
Services Privacy Policy
Last updated August 6, 2021
Introduction
AppsFlyer provides attribution and marketing analytics services (“
Services
“) that enable advertisers and developers (collectively, “
Customer(s)
“) to: (i) measure and analyze the effectiveness of their marketing campaigns by understanding which marketing campaigns contributed to the download/installation of their mobile applications (“
Applications
“) or such other conversion metric (e.g. relaunch of Application); and (ii) measure and analyze certain events and actions within their Application or websites, such as in-app purchases made by End Users (as defined below). The Services also help our Customers identify and protect against fraudulent behavior related to their marketing campaigns.
This Services Privacy Policy describes AppsFlyer’s privacy practices in relation to the information collected from Customers and End Users and received by AppsFlyer when Customers use our Services. This Services Privacy Policy does not apply to information collected through use of AppsFlyer’s publicly accessible website or marketing activities, which is described under our Privacy Policy. To view the Privacy Policy, please
click here
. Furthermore, AppsFlyer and its Customers have entered into an agreement that governs the provision of Services by AppsFlyer and their use by Customers (“
Agreement(s)
“). Such Agreements may contain additional obligations on the parties with respect to the handling of information. Nothing in this Services Privacy Policy derogates from such additional obligations.
For the purpose of this Services Privacy Policy: (i) any reference to “
End User(s)
” means end users who have interacted with, or viewed, Customer’s advertising and marketing materials, or use or have used Customer’s Applications, websites, products and services; and (ii) any reference to “
AppsFlyer
” “
we
” “
us
” or “
our
” shall mean AppsFlyer Ltd. and its affiliates.
End User Data Received and Processed by AppsFlyer
When a Customer uses the Services, the following End User information may be received and processed by AppsFlyer (collectively, “
End User Data
”).
“
Technical Information
”: this refers to technical information related to an End User’s mobile device or computer, such as: browser type, device type and model, CPU, system language, memory, OS version, Wi-Fi status, time stamp and zone, device motion parameters and carrier.
“
Technical Identifiers
”: this refers to various unique identifiers that generally only identify a computer, device, browser or Application. For example, IP address (which may also provide general location information), User agent, IDFA (identifier for advertisers), Android ID (in Android devices); Google Advertiser ID, Customer issued user ID and other similar unique identifiers.
“
Engagement Information
”: this refers to information relating to the Customer’s ad campaigns and End User actions, such as: clicks on Customer ads, ad impressions viewed, audiences or segments to which an ad campaign is attributed, the type of ads and the webpage or Application from which such ads were displayed, the webpages on Customer’s website visited by an End User, the URL from the referring website, downloads and installations of Applications, and other interactions, events and actions Customers choose to measure and analyze within their Application or website (e.g. add to cart, in-app purchases made, clicks, engagement time etc.).
While End User Data does not generally contain any information that directly identifies an individual, such as names, addresses, credit cards or other similarly regulated financial information, health information, or any other type of sensitive personal information (“
PII
“), we acknowledge that under certain jurisdictions the End User Data we do receive when a Customer uses the Services may be deemed personal data and therefore, where applicable, will be treated as such. Within the scope of the engagement between Customers and AppsFlyer, Customers are contractually prohibited from collecting PII, unless otherwise agreed by AppsFlyer. However, Customers have sole control over their properties (including their websites and Application) and configuration of the Services and thus Customers have the technical ability to configure the Services to collect PII. This includes, for example, a Customer using an End User’s email address as a Customer issued user ID Technical Identifier. If a Customer has configured the Services to collect PII then we may receive and process such data.
Registration Information Received and Processed by AppsFlyer
When a Customer registers to use the Services, we may collect certain information related to such Customer (“
Registration Information
” and together with the End User Data, “
Customer Data
”), including Customer name and Customer details, billing information and names and contact details of Customer employees and representatives who are using the Services (e.g. email, phone number and address). When a Customer uses the Services, AppsFlyer may also collect certain log data, such as IP address from which a Customer is connecting to the Services, information related to the device being used to connect to the Services (e.g. browser type, device type, OS version) and the features and functions of the Services used by the Customer (“
Log Data
”).
How Data is Collected
Customer Data may be collected through various methods, including:
When provided voluntarily (e.g. Customer’s Registration Information).
When the Customer integrates AppsFlyer’s SDK’s, API’s, pixels, redirect links, JavaScript tags, cookies or similar data collection technologies into their Applications, websites and/or ads (“
Collection Technologies
”). For explanations on cookies and similar technologies, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
From the various advertising networks and third parties that are used by the Customer in connection with the measurement and analysis of Customer’s marketing campaigns and that have partnered with AppsFlyer (“
Partners
”).
How Data is Used by AppsFlyer
When AppsFlyer receives End User Data from a Customer, it uses such End User Data as follows:
to provide such Customer with the Services they have subscribed for. Such services may include, without limitation, attribution, analytics and ad fraud protection services. Please visit
https://www.appsflyer.com
for more information regarding the Services.
to establish: (i) matches between devices used by an End User; and (ii) to detect fraud (such matched data and fraud data, collectively, the, “
Platform Data
”) in order to ensure more accurate attribution measurement and ad fraud protection for Customers using the Services. Platform Data does not contain PII such as End User names, physical addresses, phone numbers or other similar personal data that can directly identify an individual.
With regards to Registration Information and Log Data, we use such information to authenticate login to the Services, to communicate with the Customer and to process any payments in connection with the Services. Additionally, we may use: (i) Registration Information to inform Customers of any updates to the Services, including new features and functionalities; and (ii) Log Data to understand how Customers are using the Services so that we may efficiently audit, maintain and improve the Services provided to Customers.
AppsFlyer may use information derived from the aggregation of End User Data and/or Log Data with other data for research and analytics purposes and improvement and marketing of the Services (“
Aggregated Data
”). Aggregated Data shall be anonymous and in no way reveal the identity of the Customer or any End User.
Sharing Data
AppsFlyer does not share or disclose Customer Data with any third party, except:
Upon our Customer’s request– (e.g. to Partners);
To our subsidiaries and global branches as necessary to help us support and maintain the Services provided to Customers;
To our service providers who help to support our Services – such as data hosting providers and payment processors; Transfers to subsequent third parties are covered by the service agreements with our Customers. These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us.
When legally required (e.g. court orders or other lawful requests by public authorities), including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements;
To respond to, or prevent, fraud or to protect the safety of AppsFlyer, its Customers, End Users or the public;
As part of any merger or acquisition of AppsFlyer, in which case End User Data may be transferred to the surviving or acquiring entity.
Cross Border Data Transfers
AppsFlyer may need to transfer Customer Data to countries other than the country from which the Data originated. Any such transfer shall be done in compliance with all applicable laws. With regards to the collection, use and retention of personal data transferred from the European Economic Area to the United States, please be assured that AppsFlyer continues to comply with all applicable laws in respect of such transfers and any data transfers to the United States will be governed by the Standard Contractual Clauses as set forth in our DPA with the relevant service provider.
Protecting Data and Retention
AppsFlyer implements appropriate technical and organizational measures designed to protect against unauthorized access, accidental loss, destruction or damage of Customer Data. For more information on our security controls, please see
https://www.appsflyer.com/trust/security/
. If you have questions about the security of your personal information, or if you have reason to believe that the personal information that we hold about you is no longer secure, please contact us immediately as described in this Services Privacy Policy.
AppsFlyer will not retain: (i) End User Data for more than twenty-four months except where otherwise directed by Customers or required or allowed by law; and (ii) Registration Information, Log Data or Platform Data for more time than is needed to serve the legitimate business need for which it was collected.
Relationship, Lawful Basis and End User Choices
Under the laws of certain jurisdictions, when processing End User Data in connection with the provision of Services to a Customer, AppsFlyer is deemed a ‘data processor’ while its Customers are deemed ‘data controllers’.
Therefore, End Users should closely review the Privacy Policies of the Applications and websites they use in order to learn about the privacy practices of our Customers.
Where AppsFlyer may be deemed a data controller under the laws of certain jurisdictions (e.g. in connection with its processing of Log Data or Registration Information), AppsFlyer shall comply with all applicable laws related to its status as a data controller and shall only use the data as described in this Services Privacy Policy. With regards to Registration Information and Log Data, the lawful basis AppsFlyer relies on is its need to perform its obligations under the Agreement between AppsFlyer and Customer and on its legitimate interests to maintain, analyze and improve the Services. The laws of certain jurisdictions may provide End Users with various rights in connection with the processing of End User Data, including:
The right to withdraw any previously provided consent;
The right to access certain information about you that we process;
The right to have us correct or update any Personal Information;
The right to have certain Information erased;
The right to have us temporarily block our processing of certain Information;
The right to have Information exported into common machine-readable format;
The right to object to our processing of Information in cases of direct marketing, or when we rely on legitimate interests as our lawful basis to process your information; and
The right to lodge a complaint with the appropriate data protection authority.
Where AppsFlyer is deemed a data processor, End Users should contact our Customers to pursue any such legal data subject rights. AppsFlyer will cooperate with its Customers to support and comply with any such data subject rights requests.
Where AppsFlyer is deemed a data controller, End Users may exercise their rights by contacting AppsFlyer at:
privacy@appsflyer.com
. We will respond to your requests within a reasonable timeframe. Please note these rights may be limited in certain circumstances as provided by applicable law. In any event, AppsFlyer provides End Users with the ability to opt-out of being measured by the Services by emailing a request to
privacy@appsflyer.com
or by completing the form
here
. You may also send any question regarding your exercise of data subject rights to
privacy@appsflyer.com
.
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
.
Updates and Questions
We may update this Services Privacy Policy from time to time. Any material changes will be notified to the Customer either through the Services, email or as otherwise agreed by the parties in the Agreement. We will also indicate that an update has occurred on the top of this page so Customers and End Users are encouraged to review this Services Privacy Policy from time to time. For any questions relating to this Services Privacy Policy or to contact our data protection officer please send us a mail to:
privacy@appsflyer.com
. You may also send us or our data protection officer regular mail:
AppsFlyer – Attn: Legal Team/Data Protection Officer,
14 Maskit St.
Herzliya, Israel
4673314
For the purposes of Article 27 of the General Data Protection Regulation, the representative within the EU of AppsFlyer is AppsFlyer Germany GmbH Kurfürstendamm 11, c/o WeWork, 10719 Berlin, Germany (contact
privacy@appsflyer.com
; +49-30-3119-9129)
Our Cookies Policy
AppsFlyer respects your privacy as our website user. We use cookies to improve your user experience and for remarketing. Some of this data may be shared with select partners. See our
cookies policy
for more information.
Reject all cookies
Accept all cookies
Customize
Cookie Preference Center
AppsFlyer uses Cookies to provide, maintain, and improve our websites, to optimize our offerings and marketing activities, and to provide our visitors and users with a better experience, for example, in order to maintain your preferences, to better secure our websites, to identify technical issues, and to monitor and improve the overall performance of our websites.
More information
Allow All
Please select which Cookies you approve, you may choose all options.
Always Active
Necessary Cookies are enabled for the assurance and function of a properly run website, and they cannot be disabled. They are usually only set in response to actions permitted by you, such as, enabling functions like navigation and access to secure areas of the website. These Cookies do not store personal information that will be used for other purposes.
Performance Cookies
These Cookies provide us with aggregated (anonymous) insights into website enhancement and performance improvement. These cookies allow us to measure and improve the performance of our Sites. They help us know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the website.
Marketing Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Functional Cookies
These Cookies enable us to provide enhanced functionality and personalization through our Sites and allow for a better user experience. These may be set by us (first-party Cookies) or by third-party providers who work with us (third-party Cookies).
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-policy 6
https://www.documo.com/privacy-policy:
Skip to main content
Skip to footer
Documo's Privacy Policy
Documo’s Privacy Policy details how we responsibly collect, use, and safeguard your data. We prioritize transparency and security to ensure that your information is handled with the utmost care.
Effective Date: October 10, 2024
Documo Inc. (“Documo”, “we” or “us”) is committed to protecting your privacy and safeguarding your personal information. The purpose of this privacy policy is to inform you about how we collect, use and disclose personal information when you interact with our website
https://www.documo.com
(the “Website”) and with our products and services thereon (the “Services”). This privacy policy relates to all our activities, unless we have provided you with a separate privacy policy for a particular product, service or activity.
In this Policy, we use the word “Customer” to refer to anyone who has subscribed to or paid for use of our Services. We use the word “you” to refer to any other individual user of our Services, such as an employee of a Customer, or an individual browsing or using our Website and web-based resources.
Please review this privacy policy carefully. By submitting your personal information to us, by using our Website, or by otherwise accessing or using the Services, you consent to our collecting, using and disclosing your personal information as set out in this privacy policy.
Meaning of Personal Information
‍“Personal information” means information about an identifiable individual. This information may include, but is not limited to, your name, mailing address, e-mail address, telephone number and country of residence.  Personal information does not include information where there is no serious possibility that it can be used to identify an individual, whether on its own or in combination with other information, or personal information that has been anonymized or aggregated such as to be considered anonymized information or no longer personal information under applicable laws.Personal information does not include any business contact information that is solely used to communicate with you in relation to your employment, business or profession, such as your name, position name or title, work address, work telephone number, work fax number or work e-mail address.‍
Notice to End Users
If you are a user of one of our Customers, the Customer controls your information processed within the Services, including your contact information, billing details and other records. Please contact the relevant Customer for any questions about your personal information.
If you interact with any third parties that are also our Customers and have questions about their privacy practices, you should contact them directly.
Your Consent to Collection, Use and Disclosure
The primary basis on which we collect, use and disclose your personal information is with your consent, unless otherwise permitted or required by law. How we obtain your consent will depend on the circumstances, as well as the sensitivity of the information collected. Subject to applicable laws, your consent may be express or implied, depending on the circumstances and the sensitivity of the personal information in question. If you choose to provide personal information to us, we assume that you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information as outlined in this privacy policy.
Typically, we will seek your consent at the time your personal information is collected. Where we want to use your personal information for a purpose not previously identified to you at the time of collection, we will seek your consent prior to our use of such information for this new purpose.
You may withdraw your consent to our collection, use or disclosure of your personal information at any time by contacting us using the contact information within our Website. However, before we implement the withdrawal of consent, we may require proof of your identity. In some cases, withdrawal of your consent may mean that we will no longer be able to provide certain products or services. Please also note that certain data will remain within the Services for us to fulfill its contractual obligations, even after you withdraw your consent.
If you provide personal information about another individual to us, it is your responsibility to obtain the consent of that individual to enable us to collect such information from you, and to use and disclose his or her information as described in this privacy policy.
Our Collection of Personal Information
How we collect Personal Information  ‍
We collect Personal Information from you in the following ways:
Through your use of the Services, whether directly uploaded and created by you, or automatically collected by us as you use the Services.
Through your engagement with our Website, including information submitted by you within a website form or obtained from us through cookies or similar technologies. This information is collectively referred to as “Website Data”.
From other third party sources, such as our partners and service providers. This includes the collection of certain data through data analytics and advertisers who use cookies and similar technologies on our Website.  ‍
Types of Personal Information we collect
‍
We collect the following types of information from you:
Account and Profile Information
: we collect your contact information to facilitate the purchase and use of our Services and to manage our relationship with you. This includes information such as your name, username, e-mail address and other contact information. If you are using the Services through your employer, we may also collect information about your job title and job function. ‍
Usage and Technical Information:
We collect usage information relating to your use of the Services and how you interact with our Website. Such information may include your Internet protocol address, information about your device, browser and operating system, how you are using our Services, and the date and time of your visit.
Payment Information:
We collect certain payment and billing information when you register for the Services. For example, we may collect your credit card details and payment history.
Website Forms
: We collect information that you submit to us on our Website, including your name, e-mail address and other contact information.  ‍
Sensitive Information:
We do not collect any sensitive personal information as that term is defined under applicable privacy laws.
Our Use of Cookies
A “cookie” is a small text file that contains information and is stored on your computer. We use cookies and similar tracking technologies, such as web beacons and pixels, to automatically collect information about your use of our Website and your interaction with our emails. Information we collect may include your IP address (or proxy server), device and application identification numbers, location, browser type, internet service provider and/or mobile carrier, pages and files viewed, searches, operating system and system configuration information, and date/time stamps associated with your usage.
We use this information to facilitate the use of our Website, for our business or analytical purposes (including to assess website traffic and track search criteria), and to personalize web pages according to your choices and interests. We do not use your personal information to engage in interest-based or behavioral advertising of our services across third-party websites or service offerings.
If you do not wish to accept cookies, you can adjust your web browser settings so that you automatically deny the storage of cookies or are informed each time a website requests to store a cookie. Previously stored cookies can also be deleted through your web browser. Please refer to your web browser’s help pages for more information. Some areas or features of our Website rely on cookies and may not work if you delete or decline cookies.
Google Analytics ‍
Our Website utilizes Google Analytics, a service from Google, Inc. (“Google”) that uses cookies. The information collected by the cookies (which includes your IP address) is transferred to Google who stores and processes the information in the United States. Google uses the information to provide us with an analysis of your use of our Website, overall use of and traffic on our Website. You can opt out of Google Analytics by downloading and utilizing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on. By using our Website, you understand and acknowledge our use of Google Analytics.
How We Use Your Personal Information
We may use your personal information and other information that we collect to provide the Services, to comply with our contractual obligations, and to support our legitimate interests in maintaining, improving and advertising the Services. Below are the specific purposes for which we use the information we collect about you.
To provide you with our Services and to support your use of our Services;
To contact you in relation to our Services;
To monitor, maintain, and improve our Services, and to develop new products and services;
To support interaction between our Customers and others, including transmitting, executing, and storing documents.
To respond to inquiries and other requests;
To collect opinions and comments in regard to our Services;
To detect and prevent fraud and other prohibited, illicit or illegal activity, and to protect the rights and interests of you, others, and us;
To provide you with information that we think may interest you, including marketing communications; and
To comply with legal and regulatory requirements, where applicable.
We may use your personal information and other information for purposes for which we have obtained your consent, and for such other purposes as may be permitted or required by applicable law.
How We Share Your Personal Information
Sharing with Third Parties
‍ ‍
We share your personal information with third party service providers who perform some functionality within the Website and Services on our behalf, such as data storage and processing, and analytics. We also share your information with third party service providers who provide products and services that we use to operate our business, such as payment processing, email services, marketing campaigns, surveys and contests.
If we provide your information to service providers for our provision of the Services, then we require that service providers maintain the confidentiality of your personal information and keep your personal information secure. We also require that they only use your personal information for the limited purposes for which it is provided. When our service providers no longer need your personal information for those limited purposes, we require that they dispose of the personal information. In some circumstances, we may permit our service providers to retain anonymized or statistical information that does not identify you. We do not authorize the service providers to disclose your personal information to unauthorized parties or to use your personal information for their direct marketing purposes. If you would like more information about our service providers, please contact us using the contact information on our Website.  ‍
Other Disclosures ‍ ‍
Additionally, we may disclose your information when we believe such disclosure is permitted, necessary or appropriate: (a) under applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to respond to requests from public and government authorities, including public and government authorities outside your country of residence; (d) to enforce the terms of the agreements for our products and services; (e) to protect our operations or those of any of our affiliates or subsidiaries; (f) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or those of our affiliates, you or others; and (g) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain. In addition, we may transfer your personal information and other information to a third party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, brands, affiliates, subsidiaries or other assets.
If we otherwise intend to disclose your personal information to a third party, we will identify that third party and the purpose for the disclosure and obtain your consent.
No Sale or Unauthorized Sharing of Personal Information
We do not sell Personal Information for monetary or other value. In the preceding twelve months, we have not sold any Personal Information of consumers, as those terms are defined under applicable privacy laws. We have shared Personal Information as noted in this section within the preceding 12 months.
Opting Out of Communications
If you no longer want to receive marketing-related emails from us, you may opt out of receiving marketing-related emails by clicking the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of any email you receive from us. You may also opt out by contacting us directly using the contact information on our Website.
We will endeavour to respond to your opt-out request promptly, but we ask that you please allow us a reasonable time to process your request. Please note that if you opt out from receiving marketing-related emails, we may still need to send you communications about your use of our products or services, or other matters.
Retention of Personal Information
We will maintain your personal information for as long as it is needed, or as required by applicable laws, regulations, or government orders. After the relevant amount of time has passed, we will delete your information. The general retention periods for data that we hold are as follows.
Customer Data: We retain Customer Data for as long as an account is active, and for a reasonable time after account termination. We will retain some of your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, to resolve disputes, to enforce our agreements, and to support business operations.
Confidential or Restricted Data: Securely disposed of by shredding or permanent deletion when no longer needed. • Services Improvement and Development: Where we retain information for Service improvement and development, we take steps to make that information non-personal, non-identifiable and anonymous. We only use this information to uncover collective insights about the use of our Services, and not to specifically analyze personal characteristics about you.
Marketing information: If you have elected to receive marketing emails from us, we retain information about your marketing preferences for a reasonable period from the date you last expressed interest in our Services, such as when you last opened an email from us. We retain information derived from cookies and other tracking technologies for a reasonable period from the date such information was created.
Security of Personal Information
We have implemented commercially reasonable physical, organizational, contractual and technological security measures with a view to protecting your personal information from accidental or unlawful destruction, loss or theft, unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification. We implement the following measures:
Encryption: Personal data is encrypted both at rest and during transmission over public networks.
Access Controls: Data is restricted based on the principle of least privilege, ensuring access is limited to authorized personnel.
Compute Devices: Any mobile device containing personal or confidential data must be encrypted and protected by password authentication. Devices will lock after 10 minutes of inactivity.
Backups: All backups are encrypted and securely stored.
Physical Security: Paper records containing confidential data are securely stored and disposed of in line with data handling and destruction procedures.
Despite the measures outlined above, no method of information transmission or information storage is 100% secure or error-free, so we unfortunately cannot guarantee absolute security. In the case of a breach of security safeguards, we will act promptly to mitigate the risks and to inform you where there is a real risk of significant harm, or as otherwise required by law.
You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your identification, passwords and/or any personal information in your possession for the use of our Website and/or the Services. Always be careful and responsible regarding your personal information. We are not responsible for, and cannot control, the use by others of any information which you provide to them, and you should use caution in selecting the personal information you provide to others through our Website or the Services. Similarly, we cannot assume any responsibility for the content of any personal information or other information which you receive from other users through our Website or the Services. We cannot guarantee, or assume any responsibility for verifying, the accuracy of the personal information or other information provided by any third party.
If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for example, if you feel that the security of any information that you provided to us has been compromised), please contact us immediately using the contact information on our Website.
Your Rights Regarding Your Personal Information
Individuals have a number of rights concerning their personal information under global privacy laws. You may make a written request to access, correct or delete any personal information about you that we have collected, used or disclosed, and we will provide you with any such personal information to the extent required by law. You may also challenge the accuracy or completeness of your personal information in our records. If you successfully demonstrate that your personal information in our records is inaccurate or incomplete, we will amend the personal information as required. If you provided personal information to a Customer and believe it is being processed by us on behalf of that Customer, please make any requests or queries regarding that personal data to the Customer directly.
Where applicable, you may be entitled to additional rights, including: (i) the right to withdraw consent to processing; (ii) the right to object to unlawful data processing, under certain conditions; (iii) the right to erasure of personal information about you, under certain conditions; (iv) the right to demand that we restrict processing of your personal information, under certain conditions, if you believe we have exceeded the legitimate basis for processing, processing is no longer necessary, or believe your personal information is inaccurate; (v) the right to data portability of personal information concerning you that you provided us in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format, under certain conditions; (vi) the right to object to decisions being taken by automated means which produce legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affect you, under certain conditions.
Please note that such rights are not absolute. There are instances where applicable law or regulatory requirements allow or require us to refuse to provide some or all the personal data that we hold about you. If we cannot accommodate your request, we will inform you of the reasons why, subject to any legal or regulatory restrictions.
When you exercise your right to deletion of your personal information, we will delete your personal information, subject to some instances where your personal information will be maintained for us to fulfill our obligations under contract or as required.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the relevant data protection or privacy authority, such as the Office of the Privacy Commissioner.
We may require that you provide sufficient identification to fulfill your request to access or correct your personal information. Any such identifying information will be used only for this purpose. We will not charge you any fees to access your personal information in our records without first providing you with an estimate of the approximate fees, if any.  ‍
No Discrimination
. We will not discriminate against any consumer for exercising their rights under applicable privacy laws.
International Transfer and Storage of Information
Personal information may be processed in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage third party service providers to fulfil the purpose for which we collected the personal information. As a result, your personal information may be transferred to countries outside your country of residence, which may have different data protection rules than in your country. While such information is outside of your country, it is subject to the laws of the country in which it is located, and may be subject to disclosure to the governments, courts or law enforcement or regulatory agencies of such other country, pursuant to the laws of such country. Please contact our Privacy Officer if you have any questions about our policies regarding transfers to other countries.
Our practices regarding your personal information will always continue to be governed by this privacy policy and we will continue to comply with all applicable legal requirements.
Third Party Websites and Services
This privacy policy applies only to our products and services. This privacy policy does not extend to any websites or products or services provided by third parties. We do not assume responsibility for the privacy practices of such third parties, and we encourage you to review all third-party privacy policies prior to using third party websites or products or services.
Privacy Policy Updates
This privacy policy is current as of the “updated” date which appears at the top of this page. We may modify this privacy policy from time to time. When changes are made to this privacy policy, they will become immediately effective when published in a revised privacy policy posted on our Website, unless otherwise noted. We may also communicate the changes through our Services or by other means. By submitting your personal information to us, by registering for or using any of the Services we offer, by using our Website, or by voluntarily interacting with us after we publish or communicate a notice about the changes to this privacy policy, you consent to our collecting, using and disclosing your personal information as set out in the revised privacy policy.
Contact Us
All comments, questions, concerns or complaints regarding your personal information or our privacy practices should be sent to our Privacy Officer at the following email address:
privacy@documo.com.
Table of Contents
Meaning of Personal Information
Notice to End Users
Your Consent to Collection, Use and Disclosure
Our Collection of Personal Information
Our Use of Cookies
How We Use Your Personal Information
How We Share Your Personal Information
Opting Out of Communications
Retention of Personal Information
Security of Personal Information
Your Rights Regarding Your Personal Information
International Transfer and Storage of Information
Third Party Websites and Services
Privacy Policy Updates
Contact Us
Pricing
Pages Sent Each Month
*
Pages Received Each Month
*
Total Fax Numbers You Need
*
When are you planning to switch?
*
Please Select
Less than 3 Months
3-6 Months
After 6 Months
Not Sure
What best describes your use case?
*
Please Select
I need to send and receive faxes for my organization
I am interested in Documo's API as an integration partner
I am interested in your white label reseller or agent program
Not sure/other
Email
*
First name
Last name
Where did you hear about us?
Company name
MSCLKID
LIFATID
FBCLIDID
sscid
GCLID
Sub-policy 7
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation:
Facebook
Email or phone
Password
Forgot account?
Create new account
It looks like you were misusing this feature by going too fast. You’ve been temporarily blocked from using it.
Back
English (US)
Gaeilge
Polski
Lietuvių
Português (Brasil)
Русский
Română
Español
Français (France)
Deutsch
Italiano
Meta © 2025
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to help provide and improve content on
Meta Products
. We also use them to provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and to provide and improve Meta Products for people who have an account.
Essential cookies: These cookies are required to use Meta Products and are necessary for our sites to work as intended.
Cookies from other companies: We use these cookies to show you ads off of Meta Products and to provide features like maps and videos on Meta Products. These cookies are optional.
You have control over the optional cookies we use. Learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choices at any time in our
Cookies Policy
.
About cookies
What are cookies?
Learn more
Why do we use cookies?
Learn more
What are Meta Products?
Learn more
Your cookie choices
Learn more
Cookies from other companies
We use cookies from
other companies
in order to show you ads off of our Products, and provide features like maps, payment services and video.
Choose cookies by category
How we use these cookies
If you allow these cookies
If you don't allow these cookies
Other ways you can control your information
Manage your ad experience in Accounts Center
More information about online advertising
Controlling cookies with browser settings
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Sub-policy 8
https://policies.google.com/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 9
https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy:
Skip to main content
Build
More
Run
More
Solutions
Pricing
Docs
More
Community
More
Support
Go to console
Developer Support
Contact Support
Scope of no-cost support
Support Guides
Overview
FAQ
Security checklist
Launch checklist
Firebase-related service accounts
Troubleshoot initialization options
Enable the AdSupport framework
Dynamic Links deprecation
Deprecation FAQ
Export Dynamic Links metadata
Migrate to App Links & Universal Links
Migrate from Parse
Android
iOS+
Cloud Audit Logs
Firebase Management
Cloud Storage for Firebase
Firebase Cloud Messaging
Firebase App Check
Firebase Security Rules
Firebase Realtime Database
Android Device Streaming
Recent Changes and Updates
Release Notes
iOS Release Notes
Android Release Notes
JavaScript Release Notes
Flutter Release Notes
C++ Release Notes
Unity Release Notes
Admin Node.js Release Notes
Admin Java Release Notes
Admin Python Release Notes
Admin Go Release Notes
Admin .NET Release Notes
Security Rules Release Notes
Firebase CLI Release Notes
Policies for changes and versioning
Overview
Introducing and communicating changes
Versioning and maintenance
Legal Information
Terms of Service
Paid Services Terms
Data Processing and Security Terms
Firebase: Standard Contractual Clauses
Service Level Agreement for Hosting and Realtime Database
Cloud Storage for Firebase Service Level Agreement
Firebase App Indexing User Data Policy
Crashlytics and App Distribution Terms
Firebase Subprocessors
Privacy and Security Information
Privacy and Security in Firebase
Designate Data Protection Officers and EU Representatives
Firebase Data Privacy Inquiries
Manage Instance ID data
Clear and export users' data
Storing privacy settings with Firebase
Build
Go to Build
Build Products
App Check
App Hosting
Authentication
Cloud Functions
Cloud Storage
Data Connect
Extensions
Firebase ML
Firestore
Genkit
Hosting
Realtime Database
Vertex AI in Firebase
Generative AI
Run
Go to Run
Run Products
A/B Testing
App Distribution
Cloud Messaging
Crashlytics
Google Analytics
In-App Messaging
Performance Monitoring
Remote Config
Test Lab
Overview
Fundamentals
Build
Run
Reference
Samples
Learn
Events
Stories
Firebase
Support
Send feedback
Privacy and Security in Firebase
Stay organized with collections
Save and categorize content based on your preferences.
This page outlines Firebase's key security and privacy information. Whether
you're looking to kick off a new project with Firebase, or curious about how
Firebase works with your existing project, read on to see how Firebase can help
protect you and your users.
Last modified: February 20, 2025
Data protection
Firebase support for GDPR and CCPA
On May 25th, 2018, the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) replaced the
1995 EU Data Protection Directive. On January 1, 2020, the California Consumer
Privacy Act (CCPA) took effect. On January 1, 2023, the California Privacy
Rights Act (CPRA), which is a data privacy law that amends and expands upon the
CCPA, took effect. Google is committed to helping our customers succeed under
these privacy regulations, whether they are large software companies or
independent developers.
The GDPR imposes obligations on data controllers and data processors, and the
CCPA/CPRA imposes obligations on businesses and their service providers.
Firebase customers typically act as the "data controller" (GDPR) or "business"
(CCPA/CPRA) for any personal data or information about their end-users they
provide to Google in connection with their use of Firebase, and Google generally
operates as a "data processor" (GDPR) or "service provider" (CCPA/CPRA).
This means that data is under the customer's control. Customers are
responsible for obligations like fulfilling an individual's rights with respect
to their personal data or information.
Firebase Data Processing and Security Terms
When customers use Firebase, Google is generally a data processor under GDPR and
processes personal data on their behalf. Similarly, when customers use Firebase,
Google generally operates as a service provider under the CCPA/CPRA handling
personal information on their behalf. Firebase terms include
Data Processing
and Security Terms
detailing these
responsibilities.
Certain Firebase services governed by the
Google Cloud Platform (GCP) Terms of Service
are already covered by associated data processing terms, the
Cloud Data Processing Addendum
.
A complete list of Firebase services currently governed by the GCP Terms of
Service is available in the
Terms of Service for Firebase Services
.
Google Analytics is a separate service that can be used together with Firebase,
and is subject to separate
terms
.
Firebase is certified under major privacy and security standards
ISO and SOC compliance
All Firebase services (aside from App Indexing) have successfully completed the
ISO
27001
and
SOC
1
,
SOC
2
,
and
SOC 3
evaluation
process, and some have also completed the
ISO
27017
and
ISO
27018
certification
process. Compliance reports and certificates for Firebase services governed by
the GCP Terms of Service may be requested via the
Compliance Reports
Manager
.
Service name
ISO 27001
ISO 27017
ISO 27018
SOC 1
SOC 2
SOC 3
Firebase ML
check
check
check
check
Firebase Test Lab
check
check
check
check
check
check
Cloud Firestore
check
check
check
check
check
check
Cloud Functions for Firebase
check
check
check
check
check
check
Cloud Storage for Firebase
check
check
check
check
check
check
Firebase Authentication
check
check
check
check
check
check
Firebase Crashlytics
check
check
check
check
Firebase App Check
check
check
check
check
Firebase App Distribution
check
check
check
check
Firebase In-App Messaging
check
check
check
check
Firebase Cloud Messaging
check
check
check
check
Firebase Performance Monitoring
check
check
check
check
Firebase Hosting
check
check
check
check
Firebase Dynamic Links
check
check
check
check
Firebase Remote Config
check
check
check
check
Firebase Realtime Database
check
check
check
check
Firebase Platform
check
check
check
check
Firebase A/B Testing
check
check
check
check
Gemini in Firebase
check
check
check
check
Vertex AI in Firebase
check
check
check
check
International Data Transfers
As described in our
Data Privacy Framework
certification
,
we comply with the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks (DPF) and the
UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF as set forth by the US Department of Commerce
regarding the collection, use and retention of personal information from the
EEA, Switzerland and the UK, respectively. Google LLC (and its wholly-owned US
subsidiaries unless explicitly excluded) has certified that it adheres to the
DPF Principles. Google remains responsible for any of your personal information
that is shared under the Onward Transfer Principle with third parties for
external processing on our behalf, as described in the
"Sharing your
information" section of our Privacy
Policy
. To learn more about
the DPF, and to view Google's certification, please visit the
DPF
website
.
If you have an inquiry regarding our privacy practices in relation to our DPF
certification, we encourage you to
contact
us
. Google is
subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the US Federal Trade
Commission. You may also refer a complaint to your local data protection
authority and we will work with them to resolve your concern. In certain
circumstances, the DPF provides the right to invoke binding arbitration to
resolve complaints not resolved by other means, as described in
Annex I to the
DPF
Principles
.
Data processing information
Examples of end-user data processed by Firebase
Some Firebase services process your end users' data to provide their service.
The chart below has examples of how various Firebase services use and handle
end-user data that may potentially be identifying. In addition, many Firebase
services offer the ability to request deletion of specific data or control how
data is handled.
Firebase service
End-user data
How data helps provide the service
Cloud Functions for Firebase
IP addresses
How it helps:
Cloud Functions uses IP addresses to
            execute event-handling functions and HTTP functions based on end-user actions.
Retention:
Cloud functions only saves IP addresses temporarily, to
            provide the service.
Firebase Authentication
Passwords
Email addresses
Phone numbers
User agents
IP addresses
How it helps:
Firebase Authentication uses the data to enable end-user
            authentication, and facilitate end-user account management. It also uses user-agent
            strings and IP addresses to provide added security and prevent abuse during sign-up and
            authentication.
Retention:
Firebase Authentication keeps logged IP addresses for a few
            weeks. It retains other authentication information until the Firebase customer initiates
            deletion of the associated user, after which data is removed from live and backup
            systems within 180 days.
Firebase App Check
Attestation material from supported attestation providers
App Check tokens from successful attestations
How it helps:
Firebase App Check uses attestation
            material required by the corresponding attestation provider and
            received from end-user's devices to help establish the integrity of
            the device and/or the app. Attestation materials are sent to the
            corresponding attestation provider for validation based on the
            developer's configuration. App Check tokens obtained from successful
            attestations are sent with every request to supported Firebase
            services to access resources protected by App Check.
Retention:
Attestation material is not retained by
            App Check, but when it is sent to attestation providers, it is
            subject to the terms of those attestation providers. App Check
            tokens returned from successful attestations are valid throughout
            their TTL duration, which cannot be longer than 7 days. For
            developers who use replay protection features, App Check stores the
            App Check tokens used with these features for at most 30 days. Other
            App Check tokens not used with replay protection features are not
            retained by Firebase services.
Firebase App Distribution
Users' names
Email addresses
iOS UDIDs
Secure Android IDs
Firebase
installation IDs
Tester feedback (screenshots and text)
How it helps:
Firebase App Distribution uses the data to distribute
            app builds to testers, monitor tester activity, enable tester features like in-app
            feedback, and associate data with tester devices.
Retention:
Firebase App Distribution retains user information
            until the Firebase customer requests its deletion, after which data is removed from live
            and backup systems within 180 days.
Firebase Cloud Messaging
Firebase
installation IDs
How it helps:
Firebase Cloud Messaging uses
Firebase
installation IDs to determine which devices to deliver messages to.
Retention:
Firebase retains
Firebase
installation IDs
            until the Firebase customer
            makes an API call to delete the ID. After the call, data is removed from live and backup
            systems within 180 days.
Firebase Crashlytics
Crashlytics Installation UUIDs
Firebase installations ID
Crash traces
Breakpad minidump formatted data
(NDK crashes only)
How it helps:
Firebase Crashlytics uses crash stack
            traces to associate crashes with a project, send email alerts to
            project members and display them in the Firebase Console, and help
            Firebase customers debug crashes. It uses Crashlytics Installation
            UUIDs to measure the number of users impacted by a crash and
            minidump data to process NDK crashes. The minidump data is stored
            while the crash session is being processed and then discarded. The
            Firebase installation ID enables upcoming features that will enhance
            crash reporting and crash management services. Refer to
Examples of stored device information
for more detail on the types of user information gathered.
Retention:
Firebase Crashlytics keeps crash stack traces,
            extracted minidump data, and associated identifiers (including
            Crashlytics Installation UUIDs and Firebase installation IDs) for 90 days before
            starting the process of removing it from live and backup systems.
Note:
Firebase Crashlytics stores minidump data only temporarily in order to
            process NDK crashes.
Firebase Dynamic Links
Device specs (iOS)
IP Addresses (iOS)
How it helps:
Dynamic Links uses device specs and IP addresses on iOS to open
            newly-installed apps to a specific page or context.
Retention:
Dynamic Links only stores device specs and IP addresses temporarily, to
            provide the service.
Firebase Hosting
IP addresses
How it helps:
Hosting uses IP addresses of incoming requests to detect
            abuse and provide customers with detailed analysis of usage data.
Retention:
Hosting retains IP data for a few months.
Firebase Performance Monitoring
Firebase
installation IDs
IP addresses
How it helps:
Performance Monitoring
uses
Firebase
installation IDs
            to calculate the number of unique Firebase installations that access network resources,
            to ensure that access patterns are sufficiently anonymous. It also uses
Firebase
installation IDs with
Firebase Remote Config
to manage the rate of performance event reporting. Additionally, it uses IP
            addresses to map performance events to the countries they originate from. For more
            information, see
Data collection
.
Retention:
Performance Monitoring
keeps IP-associated
            events for 30 days, and it keeps installation-associated and de-identified performance
            data for 60 days before starting the process of removing it from live and backup
            systems.
Firebase In-App Messaging
Firebase
installation IDs
How it helps:
Firebase In-App Messaging
uses
Firebase
installation IDs to determine which devices to deliver messages to.
Retention:
Firebase retains
Firebase
installation IDs
            until the Firebase customer
            makes an API call to delete the ID. After the call, data is removed from live and backup
            systems within 180 days.
Firebase Realtime Database
IP addresses
User agents
How it helps:
Realtime Database uses IP addresses and user agents to
            enable the
profiler
            tool
, which helps Firebase customers understand usage trends and platform
            breakdowns.
Retention:
Realtime Database keeps IP addresses and user agent
            information for a few days, unless a customer chooses to save it for longer.
Firebase Remote Config
Firebase
installation IDs
How it helps:
Remote Config
uses
Firebase
installation IDs
            to select configuration
            values to return to end-user devices.
Retention:
Firebase retains
Firebase
installation IDs until the Firebase customer makes an API call to delete the
          ID. After the call, data is removed from live and backup systems within 180 days.
Firebase ML
Uploaded Images
installation auth tokens
How it helps:
The Cloud based APIs store uploaded images temporarily,
            to process and return the analysis to you. Stored images are typically deleted within a
            few hours. See the Cloud Vision
Data Usage FAQ
for more
            information.
installation auth tokens
are used by
Firebase ML
for device authentication when interacting with app
            instances, for example, to distribute developer models to app instances.
Retention:
installation auth tokens remain valid until their
            expiration date. The default token lifetime is one week.
Vertex AI in Firebase
Customer's inputs and outputs data sent and received from the AI model
How it helps:
Vertex AI in Firebase
uses Vertex AI's Generative AI
            API to predict content.
Retention:
During prediction, Google doesn't log Customer Data to
            generate a customer's output or train foundation models. By default, Google caches a
            customer's inputs and outputs for the Gemini models to accelerate responses to
            subsequent prompts from the customer.
See more details at
Generative
              AI and Data Governance | Generative AI on Vertex AI | Google Cloud
.
Examples of information collected by Crashlytics
An RFC-4122 UUID which permits us to deduplicate crashes
The Crashlytics Installation UUID
The Firebase installations ID (FID)
The Firebase session ID, which is a random UUID generated to tag events
      with a session
The timestamp of when the crash occurred
The app's bundle identifier and full version number
The device's operating system name and version number
A boolean indicating whether the device was jailbroken/rooted
The device's model name, CPU architecture, amount of RAM and disk
      space
The uint64 instruction pointer of every frame of every currently running
      thread
If available in the runtime, the plain-text method or function name
      containing each instruction pointer.
If an exception was thrown, the plain-text class name and message value
      of the exception
If a fatal signal was raised, its name and integer code
For each binary image loaded into the application, its name, UUID, byte
      size, and the uint64 base address at which it was loaded into RAM
A boolean indicating whether or not the app was in the background at the
      time it crashed
An integer value indicating the rotation of the screen at the time of
      crash
A boolean indicating whether the device's proximity sensor was
      triggered
The contents of
version-control-info.textproto
(only for Android apps
configured
        to use the version control system (VCS) integration
)
Examples of information collected by Performance Monitoring
The Firebase installations ID (FID)
The Firebase session ID, which is a random UUID generated to tag events
      with a session
General device information, such as model, OS, and orientation
RAM and disk size
CPU usage
Carrier (based on Mobile Country and Network Code)
Radio/Network information (for example, WiFi, LTE, 3G)
Country (based on IP address)
Locale/language
App version
App foreground or background state
App package name
Firebase
installation IDs
Duration times for automated traces
Network URLs (not including URL parameters or payload content)
      and the following corresponding information:
Response codes (for example, 403, 200)
Payload size in bytes
Response times
See a
full list
of the
    automatic traces collected by
Performance Monitoring
.
Note:
For more info on deleting data associated with installations, see
Delete a Firebase installation
.
Guides for enabling opt-in for end-user data processing
Services in the table above need some amount of end-user data to function. As a
result, it's not possible to entirely disable data collection while using those
services.
If you're a customer who would like to offer users a chance to opt-in to a
service, and the data collection that comes with it, in most cases that just
requires adding a dialog or settings toggle before using the service.
Some services, however, start up automatically when included in an app. To give
users a chance to opt-in before using those services, you can choose to disable
auto-initialization for each service, and manually initialize them at run time
instead. To find out how, read the guides below:
Cloud Messaging
:
Prevent Auto-initialization (Android)
or
Prevent Auto-initialization (iOS+)
Crashlytics
:
Enable Opt-in Reporting (iOS+)
or
Enable Opt-in Reporting (Android)
Performance Monitoring
:
Enable Opt-in Monitoring
If you integrate Firebase with Google Analytics, learn how to
configure Analytics data collection
.
Data storage and processing locations
Unless a service or feature offers data location selection, Firebase may process
and store your data anywhere Google or its agents maintain facilities. Potential
facility locations vary by service.
US-only services
The
Firebase Authentication
service is run only from US data centers. As a result,
Firebase Authentication
processes data exclusively in the United States.
Global services
The majority of Firebase services run on global Google infrastructure.
They could process data at any of the
Google Cloud Platform locations
or
Google data center locations
.
For some services, you can make a specific data location selection, which
restricts processing to that location (for more information, see the
service specific terms
of the Google Cloud Platform Terms of Service).
Cloud Firestore
Firebase Crashlytics
Firebase ML
Cloud Functions for Firebase
Firebase Dynamic Links
Firebase Performance Monitoring
Cloud Storage for Firebase
Firebase Hosting
Firebase Remote Config
Firebase App Check
Firebase App Distribution
Firebase In-App Messaging
Firebase Test Lab
Firebase Cloud Messaging
Security information
Data encryption
Firebase services encrypt data in transit using HTTPS and logically isolate
customer data.
In addition, several Firebase services also encrypt their data at rest:
Cloud Firestore
Firebase Authentication
Firebase Performance Monitoring
Cloud Functions for Firebase
Firebase Cloud Messaging
Firebase Realtime Database
Cloud Storage for Firebase
Firebase Crashlytics
Firebase Test Lab
Firebase App Check
Firebase App Distribution
Security practices
To keep personal data safe, Firebase employs extensive security measures to
minimize access:
Firebase restricts access to a select employees who have a business purpose to access personal data.
Firebase logs employee access to systems that contain personal data.
Firebase only permits access to personal data by employees who sign in with Google Sign-In and
2-factor authentication
.
Firebase Service Data
Firebase Service Data is personal information that Google collects and generates
during the provision and administration of the Firebase services
*
,
excluding Customer Data
**
as defined in our customer agreements
covering Firebase services and
Google Cloud Service Data
.
Examples of Firebase Service Data include information about service usage,
resource identifiers like application IDs and package name/bundle IDs, technical
and operational details of usage such as IP addresses, and direct communications
with developers from feedback and support related conversations.
*Services covered include Firebase A/B Testing, Firebase App Distribution,
  Firebase Cloud Messaging, Firebase Crashlytics, Firebase Dynamic Links,
  Firebase Hosting, Firebase In-App Messaging, Firebase ML,
  Firebase Performance Monitoring, Firebase Realtime Database,
  Firebase Remote Config, and Firebase User Segmentation Storage.
**For more information about how we process Customer Data, see our
Firebase Data Processing and Security
  Terms
.
Examples of how Firebase Service Data is processed by Firebase
Google uses Firebase Service Data in accordance with our
privacy policy
and applicable terms.
Firebase Service Data is used, for example, to:
Provide Firebase services you request
Make recommendations to optimize use of Firebase services
Maintain and improve Firebase services
Provide and improve other services you request
Understand your use of Firebase and other Google services
Provide better support to and communicate with you
Protect you, our users, the public and Google
Comply with legal obligations
Firebase Service Data use by non-Firebase Google services
You can control whether your Firebase Service Data may be used by Google to
provide more in depth analysis, insights, and recommendations about
non-Firebase
Google services and improve
non-Firebase
Google services.
You can configure this in your Firebase data privacy settings page.
If this control is disabled, Firebase Service Data will continue to be used
for other purposes, such as those mentioned above, in accordance with our
privacy policy
and applicable terms, including
to make recommendations about and improve
Firebase
services, and to deliver
and improve other services you request, such as Google products you link to your
Firebase project.
Still have questions? Contact us
For any privacy-related questions you have that aren't covered here,
reach out to Firebase Support
. If you're a Firebase developer, include your Firebase App ID. Find your Firebase App ID in the
Your apps
card of your
settings
Project
settings
.
Send feedback
Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 License
, and code samples are licensed under the
Apache 2.0 License
. For details, see the
Google Developers Site Policies
. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.
Last updated 2025-03-04 UTC.
Sub-policy 10
https://www.srfax.com/more/security-privacy/privacy-policy/:
Home
»
More
»
Security & Privacy
»
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
For SRFax Users and Subscriber Websites.
Security & Privacy
Accessibility Policy
Security Overview
Privacy Policy
HIPAA Compliance
PHIPA Compliance
Terms of Service
Regulations
Service Level Agreement
Porting Your Number to SRFax
We want to respect your wishes with regard to the information that we collect about our clients. By this policy, we want to keep you informed on how we use the information that you entrust us with and are committed to protecting your privacy. We pledge that we will never misuse this information. We value your trust very highly, will work to protect the security and privacy of any personal information you provide to us, and will only use it as described herein.
SRFax is also subject to the independent oversight of the BC Information and Privacy Commissioner, an independent officer of the BC Legislature with powers of inspection, audit and complaint handling about your personal information practices. Below are links to the law and the OIPC website:
BC Laws Website
OIPC Website
How Do We Use Your Personal Information?
You can browse our website without disclosing any personal information. When you subscribe using a credit card, we collect your name, your billing address for the card, your email address, the card type, number, and expiration date. The information we collect will be used to enhance your subscription in the following ways:
Deliver information for items / services you purchase online;
Bill your credit card for services;
Confirm your orders;
Respond to your customer service inquiries or requests; and
Personalize faxes and cover sheets
Will You Receive Marketing Emails?
You will only receive emails in response to any questions you may have, or for a request for further information. You may also receive Emails which contain information which may benefit you, such as system enhancements. Any Emails from us will always contain an option for you to be removed from our mailing lists.
Security
We use technology where any personal information provided by you will be encrypted (or coded) through Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol. Only when your information reaches our servers is your information decoded.
Who may have Access to your Personal Information?
Only SRFax will have access to personal customer information. We use your personal information to provide the services and products you request. These services and products include fulfilling customer orders, offering certain products and services in connection with our website, communicating to customers, providing customer service and completing credit card transactions. We will
never
share your personal information with any other third parties unless we have your expressed permission, or under special circumstances, such as when we believe in good faith that the disclosure is required by law.
Who has access to Fax Transmission Content Information?
SRFax acts as a passive conduit for the distribution and receipt of your fax transmissions and therefore will not monitor, edit, or disclose the contents of a Member’s private communications unless required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (1) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on SRFax; (2) protect and defend the rights or property of SRFax; or (3) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of its members or the public. Member should also be aware (and hereby agrees) that certain technical processing of and access to fax and email messages and their content, SRFax may be required to: (a) route the messages; (b) conform to connecting networks’ technical requirements; (c) conform to the limitations of the Service; or (d) conform to other similar requirements. We use industry-standard efforts to safeguard the confidentiality of your transmissions (as well as your personally identifiable information), such as firewalls and SSL technology. These are the same technologies that most websites use to safeguard credit card information and other personal information. All access via the Internet and our website requires SSL authentication.
California-Resident Specific Rights
To the extent you are a ‘consumer’ as defined under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) and SRFax is a ‘business’ as defined under CCPA, the following applies to you:
Subject to the provisions of the CCPA, you have the right to request in the manner provided herein, for the following:
a. Right to request for information about the:
– Specific pieces of Personal Data SRFax has collected about you.
– Categories of sources from which the Personal Data is collected.
– Business or commercial purpose for collecting Personal Data.
b. Right to request for deletion of any Personal Data collected about you by SRFax.
If you seek to exercise the foregoing rights to access or delete Personal Data which constitutes ‘personal information’ as defined in CCPA, please use our
contact form
. We will respond to all requests we receive from you wishing to exercise your data protection rights within a reasonable timeframe and in accordance with applicable data protection laws. By writing to us, you agree to us seeking information from you in order to verify you to be the consumer from whom we have collected the Personal Data from and any other information as reasonably required to enable us to honour your request.
Policy Changes
If any changes occur in this Privacy Policy, they will be posted here for your access. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy whenever you access this website.
Do you have any questions or comments?
If you have any questions or comments concerning our Privacy Policy, please
contact us
.
Security & Privacy
Accessibility Policy
Security Overview
Privacy Policy
HIPAA Compliance
PHIPA Compliance
Terms of Service
Regulations
Service Level Agreement
Porting Your Number to SRFax
We use cookies and other similar technologies to personalize and enhance your experience on our website. Visit our
Privacy Policy
to learn more. You may withdraw your consent at
any time
.
The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.
The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.
The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.
Manage options
Manage services
Manage {vendor_count} vendors
Read more about these purposes
Accept
Deny
View preferences
Save preferences
View preferences
{title}
{title}
{title}
Manage consent
Sub-policy 11
https://telnyx.com/privacy-policy:
Privacy Policy
Last updated effective March 1, 2025
Telnyx is a next-generation communication cloud-based communication platform that provides carrier-grade services on a global, private IP voice network. By unlocking the power of intelligent connectivity, we’re laying the foundation for a future of endless innovation and interconnected technology, where communication flows seamlessly between people, devices and applications across the globe.
At Telnyx, we are committed to honoring the privacy of our customers and visitors to our website. We recognize the importance to you, our website customer or visitor, of maintaining an appropriate level of privacy and security for the personal information we collect from you through this website. We store your data safely and handle it with the utmost care and in accordance with applicable law.
The following privacy policy (the "Privacy Policy") along with that certain data processing addendum (as may be updated from time to time and which is hereby incorporated by reference, the "DPA", available at
https://telnyx.com/legal/data-processing-addendum
) applies and governs personal data collected via our website
https://telnyx.com
, as well as, shared personal data through the services offered by Telnyx to the customers, website visitors and, where applicable, end-users of our services (collectively, "you" or "your"), including our gathering, use and disclosure practices with respect to your information that is collected by us or provided by you on and through this website. By accessing or using our website or services, you acknowledge that you have read and accepted the practices, procedures and terms and conditions of this policy and any other terms of use or policies posted by us.
Please note that this Privacy Policy applies only to the Telnyx website and services and does not cover handling and processing of your personal data used by the websites of our advertisers or of any other third parties to which we link and will also not cover handling of personal data of an employee, contractor, consultant, candidate or intern of Telnyx. All references to “Telnyx”, "we", "us" "our" throughout this policy statement include, unless otherwise stated, all Telnyx affiliate companies, subsidiaries, successors and assigns. By accessing or using Telnyx’s website and services, you consent to the use of your personal data and any other information in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy.
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, the “personal data” or “personal information” means any information that relates to, describes, could be used to identify an individual, directly or indirectly. This does not include anonymous or de-identified data, which does not relate to an identified or identifiable natural person or cannot be linked to or identify an individual.
Policy Revisions
We may, from time to time, change this Privacy Policy with or without notice. If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, you may email us at:
support@telnyx.com
.
Data Protection
Telnyx complies with all data privacy laws and directives, including the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (“GDPR”).
Since you as our customer integrate our products in your software applications, we don’t interact with your end users directly. However, when you, as a customer, do share your end user information with us, we always handle the data in accordance with agreed data processing terms, if any, and data protection regulations, including the GDPR. We don’t use that data for any purposes other than specifically issued by the customer who provides the data, or to the extent required under law.
You’ll encounter the terms “controller” and “processor” in this policy. By “controller”, we mean the company that an individual (“data subject”) provides their personal data to. The controller determines the purpose for the personal data and is responsible for the correct handling of the data subject’s data. By “processor”, we mean the company that provides part of the services to the controller, and needs specific personal data in control of the controller in order to do so. In any such case where we act as a controller, such controller may be Telnyx LLC or Telnyx Ireland Limited, as applicable.
Depending on your relationship with Telnyx, we may both be a controller and/or a processor. When Telnyx processes any personal data or contents of communications provided by you as a customer, we will process such data as a processor. When Telnyx processes communications metadata, Telnyx is a processor in many respects, but may act as a controller in others. When Telnyx processes your personal data that you have provided to us through our portal, website or otherwise, Telnyx may be acting as a controller with respect to portion of such personal data, which may include billing and account data. When Telnyx is acting as a controller or as a processor, it always ensures that the parties we work with adhere to our Privacy Policy and applicable data protection legislation. Additionally, we ensure that another party will not use the data you have entrusted to us for any other purpose than delivering the services you have purchased.
When we collect personal information from you in connection with accessing our website, applications or services within the European Economic Area (EEA) and the United Kingdom (UK), our lawful basis for collecting and using the personal information described above will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it.
We will normally collect personal information from you where we need the personal information to provide services to you or where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect the personal information in question (i.e. traffic monitoring, service usage) or we may process your personal information where we have your consent to do so.
Moreover, if we collect and use your personal information in reliance on our or a third party's legitimate interests and those interests are not already listed below, we will make clear to you those legitimate interest at the relevant time.
What Kinds of Personal Information Does Telnyx Collect?
Telnyx may collect:
Identifiers, your full name, address, email, company name, company website, telephone number, caller ID information, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, proof of address and ID of end users (where there is a regulatory requirement);
Account Payment Information, your credit/debit card number, signature, bank wire transfer information;
Commercial Information, records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies;
Internet or Similar Network Activity, your browsing and search history, information on your interaction with our websites and advertisements, information about the communications delivered via our platform or applications;
Metadata, information about the communications delivered via our platform such as source and destination information, IP address, completion status, time and duration of use;
Geolocation Data, when you use our products or services, such as source and destination information about the communications delivered, real-time location information for emergency service via the Telnyx products or services;
Cookies and other technologies, website cookies and similar technologies to distinguish you from other visitors and compile information about the usage of our websites. For further information, please see “Cookies” section below;
Sensory Data, your interactions with our sales and customer support teams may be recorded for quality assurance, training and analysis purposes (consent will be recorded if required by applicable law). When you use our products or services, it may include text-to-speech transcriptions, DTMF tones, media in your voice calls and text messages;
Personal information of end users in the course of providing voice and messaging communications services. This communications Information may include both the content of calls and messages sent or received via out platform (“Communications Content”) and information about the communications delivered via our platform such as source and destination information, IP address, completion status, time and duration of use, registered address and/or real-time location information for emergency services, and caller ID information (herein known as “Metadata”).
How Do We Collect Your Personal Data ?
We tend to use different methods when collecting your personal data from and about you which  includes:
Direct interactions with you. You may give us information about you by filling in forms, engaging in chat on our website, accessing or utilizing any of our websites, opening an account with us, requesting support, subscribing to our newsletters, requesting information or materials (e.g. whitepapers), registering for events or webinars, visiting our booth at a trade show or other event, participating in surveys or evaluations, accessing or utilizing any of our websites, submitting questions or comments, or by corresponding with us by phone, email, video, or otherwise;
Automated technologies or interactions. As you interact with our websites, we may automatically collect technical data about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns as specified above. See “Cookies” section for additional details;
Third parties or publicly available sources. We may receive information about you if you visit other websites employing our cookies or from third parties including, for example, advertising networks, analytics providers, through publicly available data, such as social media (like LinkedIn, Facebook, and others) and websites;
Indirectly. As a service provider in the course of providing voice and messaging communications services.
For avoidance of any doubt, will not use the personal data we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you a notice. We would like to reassure you that legal basis for collecting and using the personal data described above will depend on the personal data concerned and the specific context in which we collect it, including but not limited to:
(a) performance of a contract;
(b) legitimate interest;
(c) necessary for compliance with a legal obligation; 
(d) consent to collect and process your Personal Data.
Why We Collect Your Information and How We Use It?
Telnyx may use your personal data collected in due course for one or more of the following purposes:
To provide Services to you, activities which may include:
responding to your inquiry about our products and services, including to investigate and address your concerns and monitor and improve our responses;
enable to you as our customer and where applicable to your end users, to send and receive communications via our platform and to bill, collect and remit taxes, fees and surcharges to the appropriate jurisdictions for those services; inform you of additional features, expanded coverage or other products or services offered by us;
allowing you to interact with our systems, including our websites, to create, maintain, customize and secure your account with us, to process your requests, purchases, transactions and payment;
personalizing your website experience and to deliver content and service information relevant to your interests, including targeted offers, marketing communications and ads through our websites, third-party sites and via email; to maintain the safety, security and integrity of our website, services, databases and other technology assets and business;
testing, researching, developing, and analyzying; mitigation of fraud and spam (as applicable per specific product offering), unlawful or abusive activity, or violations of our acceptable use policy; perform quality control; gauge routing effectiveness and deliverability and product development, including developing and improving our websites and products and services. Specifically, with respect to MMS and SMS messaging, we may utilize industry-standard content-analysis software which may utilize electronic, algorithmic inspection of the originating telephone number and/or content of MMS and SMS messages for purposes of spam blocking;
responding to law enforcement requests, as well  as security and safety requirements, this may include: (i) responding to law enforcement requests (e.g. subpoena) and/or as required by applicable law, court order, governmental regulations, or other legal process where we believe in good faith that disclosure protects your safety or the safety of others, and allows us to enforce or protect our and your rights; and (ii) for safety and/or security purposes, we ask visitors to our offices to register and to manage non-disclosure agreements which may be required to sign, to the extent such processing is necessary for our legitimate interest and safety concerns such as protecting our offices and our confidential information against unauthorized access;
disclose personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements;
for legitimate interests, which such basis to collect and use such information for European and UK users includes: (i) when needed in order to provide you with the services and to carry out the core activities related to our provision of the services, (ii) to comply with a legal obligation, (iii) when we have another legitimate interest (which is not overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms), such as for research and development; (iv) to protect our legal rights and interests; and (v) when you give us your consent to do so for a specific purpose.
Who Has Access to Your Personal Data?
Except as set forth in this policy or unless we specifically disclose it to you at the time of collection or subsequently obtain your approval, we will not make any personal data that is gathered on our site available to unaffiliated organizations for commercial purposes unrelated to the business of Telnyx. However, certain federal, state and local laws or government regulations may require us to disclose personal data about you. In these circumstances, we will use reasonable efforts to disclose only the information required by law, subpoena or court order to be disclosed.
Telnyx may share your personal data with some of the following third parties, for business purpose and where is legally necessary:
Telecom operators and other communications and communications-related services providers for proper routing and connectivity;
Third party service and technology providers who perform necessary actions on our behalf, such as payment processors and hosting service providers;
Telnyx affiliates and subsidiaries, successors and assigns;
Where we are legally obligated to do so to protect the confidentiality or security of your personal data or other personal records; and
To our attorneys, accountants and regulators.
We don’t sell information to third parties for advertising, but we do use your personal data to inform our direct marketing efforts, such as through Google Adwords. You can learn more about managing your advertising preferences in our Cookie Policy.
We may also share aggregate anonymized data relating to the transactions on the site and use of our services for marketing, research and other purposes.
Data Subject Rights
Telnyx would like to make sure you are fully aware of all of your data protection rights. Under GDPR provisions (which for the purposes of this Privacy Policy also applies to Swiss and UK individuals), every data subject or user is entitled to the following rights:
The right to be informed – you have the right to request that we inform you of what data is being collected, how it’s used, how long it’s kept and whether it will be shared with third parties.
The right to access – you have the right to request copies of your personal data. We may charge you a small fee for this service.
The right to rectification – you have the right to request that we correct any information you believe is inaccurate. You also have the right to request that we complete the information you believe is incomplete.
The right to erasure – you have the right to request that we erase your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to restrict processing – you have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to object to processing – you have the right to object to our processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to data portability – you have the right to request that we transfer the data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions.
The rights in relation to automated decision making and profiling – you have the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing.
At any time, you can make a request to exercise any above-listed rights. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us at our email:
regulatory@telnyx.com
CCPA Data Protection Rights
The California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) provides California residents with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights.
The right to access
The right to opt out of the sale of personal information
The right to deletion of a consumer’s personal information
The right of data portability
The right not to be discriminated against for exercising rights under the CCPA
If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us at our email:
regulatory@telnyx.com
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf (this includes an authorized agent), may make a verifiable consumer request (“request”) related to your personal information. You may only make a request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. An authorized agent making a request on your behalf must provide us with written authorization providing the agent with the ability to make a CCPA request signed by you. Additionally, you will need to verify your identity directly with us. Please note that this authorized agent requirement is not applicable when the authorized agent has a power of attorney. The request must: (1) provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative; and (2) describes your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
Any disclosures we provide will cover the 12-month period preceding receipt of the request. We will provide a response to a request within forty-five (45) days of its receipt. If we reasonably require an extension of time, we will notify you within the first forty-five (45) day period and such extension will not exceed an additional forty-five (45) days. We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Any personal information provided to us for verification and fraud-prevention purposes will only be used for that purpose and such information will be deleted as soon as practical after processing of your request. We will not sell (as defined under the CCPA) California resident personal information we collect.
Please Note, You will not have to pay a fee to access your Personal Data or to exercise any of your rights listed above. However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request, in our sole opinion, is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we could refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances. Also, to help us to progress your request, we may need to request specific information from you to confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your Personal Data or to exercise any of your above listed rights. This is a security measure to ensure that Personal Data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We will try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month of receipt of the request. Occasionally, it could take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests, in which case, we will notify you and keep you updated on progress made.
If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us at our email:
regulatory@telnyx.com
.
How Long Do We Hold Your Personal Data?
We will only retain your personal data for as long as reasonably necessary to fulfill the purposes we collected it for, including the purposes to provide you with services, of satisfying any legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or reporting requirements. We may retain your personal data for a longer period in the event of a complaint or if we reasonably believe there is a prospect of litigation in respect to our relationship with you.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means and the applicable legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or other requirements. After expiration of the applicable retention periods, your personal data will be deleted or anonymized. If there is any personal data that we are unable, for technical reasons, to delete entirely from our systems, we will put in place appropriate measures to prevent any further use of such personal data. To improve our products and services, we may aggregate and anonymize your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you), in which case we may use such aggregated and anonymized information indefinitely without further notice to you.
Generally
We only ask for personal data when we need it for business purposes or to provide you with relevant information. You generally have the opportunity to agree to the collection, use, disclosure and sharing of the information you’ve provided. That applies whether you’re browsing our website, where you can manage your cookie preferences. For more information on how we use cookies, see our
Cookie Policy
.
Visiting Our Website
Except as otherwise provided in this policy or in other written documentation or policies that may be provided to you regarding the services or website, the only personal data that we collect about visitors to our website is that which is provided to us voluntarily by you. “Personal data” is information that tells us specifically who you are, such as your name, street address, email address, billing address, social security number, credit card number, other service account information, and certain other financial information. In general, you can visit our website without telling us who you are or revealing any personal data about yourself. Our Web servers may use “Cookies” (described below) to collect information about visitors such as your domain name, host from which you access the Internet, the IP address of your computer, and your browser software and operating system. This information may be aggregated to measure such things as the number of visits, average time spent on the site, number of pages viewed, and methods by which our site was found. Telnyx may use such information to evaluate the use of our site and to continuously improve the content and services being provided.
Using Our Web Site Services
When you use our online services by accessing your account information, ordering a service or making a payment on-line, requesting product or service information, or sending us email, we will ask you to provide personal data to us. Except as otherwise provided in this policy, when you supply information about yourself for such specific purposes, we use the information for that purpose and to manage the internal operations and security of our website consistent with the terms of use and policies established from time to time governing this site. As further described herein, such purpose may involve the disclosure of such information to unaffiliated companies or vendors where necessary to and for the limited purpose of processing your request, processing a transaction authorized by you or providing you with products or services.
Customer Proprietary Network Information (“CPNI”)
We also want you to be aware that certain information related to your telecommunications services account with us such as to whom, where and when you make calls is CPNI. CPNI is protected by specific federal laws and regulations and as such we are fully committed to comply with such laws and regulations, both through our website and in all other respects. Without your consent, we will only share or disclose your CPNI (i) to market to you services or products among the categories of services or products you currently subscribe, (ii) to initiate, render, bill and collect our telecommunications services, (ii) to protect you or other carriers from illegal or fraudulent use of, or subscription to, our services or to protect our rights or property, (iii) to provide your call location information in certain specified emergency situations, and (iv) for other legally permissible purposes.
Call Recording
Telnyx operates a telephone system which is capable of recording conversations for the achievement of various proper and lawful purposes, including (i) quality monitoring, (ii) training, (iii) compliance and (iv) safeguarding purposes. Calls, incoming or outgoing, may be recorded, retained and/or collected.
All calls, incoming and/or outgoing to and/or from Telnyx, can be recorded. Under normal circumstances, a call will not be retrieved or monitored unless:
It is necessary to investigate a complaint;
It is part of a management quality check that our standards are being met;
It provides assurance of Telnyx quality standards and policies.
There is a threat to the health and safety of staff and/or visitors and/or customers and/or vendors and/or for the prevention and/or detection of a crime;
It is necessary to check compliance with regulatory procedures;
It will aid Telnyx employees in call handling through use in training and coaching our staff;
It is for safeguarding purposes; or
It is for helping to protect employees from abusive or nuisance calls.
Personal data collected in the course of recording activities will be processed fairly and lawfully in accordance with the relevant legislation, including GDPR. Data collected shall be:
Adequate, relevant and not excessive;
Used for the purpose(s) stated in this policy only and not used for any other purposes;
Accessible only to managerial and/or senior staff such as our CEO, COO, legal department, accountants and specifically authorized IT representatives.
Handled and managed confidentially;
Kept and/or stored securely; and
Not kept for longer than necessary and will be securely destroyed thereafter.
Where possible, we will inform the caller and/or the receiver of the call that the call will be monitored/recorded for quality/training purposes so that they have the opportunity to consent by continuing with the call or hanging up.
By continuing a call and/or accepting the current policy you freely and unconditionally consent that when receiving a call from Telnyx and/or when you are calling Telnyx, the call may be monitored or recorded for the purpose(s) stated in this policy.
International Data Transfer
Telnyx complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF (“UK Extension”), and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“Swiss-U.S. DPF”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.  Telnyx has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (“EU-U.S. DPF Principles”) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.  Telnyx has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (“Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles”, together with the EU-U.S. DPF Principles, the “DPF Principles”) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) Program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Telnyx commits to cooperate and comply respectively with the advice of the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs) and the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension and the Swiss-U.S. DPF.
Your personal data may be transferred and processed outside your jurisdiction (this may include US) and in countries that may not provide for the same level of data protection as your jurisdiction, such as the European Economic Area (“EEA”). As set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce, Telnyx is  officially certified under the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension, and Swiss-U.S. DPF and relies on these  certifications as its primary transfer mechanisms for transfers of personal data from the EU and Switzerland to the U.S. Where neither the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, nor the Swiss-EU DPF apply, and where applicable law requires us to utilize a data transfer mechanism, we rely on adequacy decisions as adopted by the applicable jurisdiction; standard contractual clauses issued by the European Commission or pursuant to established derogations for specific situations.
Moreover, we have employees located outside the European Economic Area ("EEA") that may access certain personal data, only on a need-to-know basis, for the performance of the service we offer you (e.g. account management, technical support, legal compliance). However, all employees are trained in the same way in order to be compliant with the GDPR, regardless of the country they are based in. Therefore, you don’t have to worry, your data will always be in good hands.
We may also share data with third parties outside the EEA whenever it is absolutely necessary to render our services. In all cases, sub-processors will agree to data processing obligation with us and/or relevant European Commission’s Model Clauses.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Telnyx’s compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF.
In connection with the EU-U.S. DPF Principles, an individual has the right, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration as set forth in Annex 1 of the EU-U.S. DPF Principles, provided such individual has invoked such right by delivering notice thereof. Telnyx adheres to the DPF Principles for onward transfers of personal data to third parties and remains liable for damages caused by third parties under the EU-U.S. DPF unless Telnyx did not cause the event giving rise to damage.
Third Party Sub-Processors
Telnyx currently works with third party sub-processors in order to:
A. provide infrastructure and storage services;
B. help us provide customer support and commercial communications and 
C. help us render our services to you as a customer.
For all sub-processors Telnyx performs a privacy and security due diligence to evaluate the sub-processor’s privacy and security standards and executes a data processing agreement.
You may request for the most up to date list of sub-processors we work with and who may have access to certain Personal Data.
Please bear in mind that, in order to render our services, we work with partners whose names may not be disclosed due to confidentiality obligations. However, we make sure that, in cases where they might need to process your data, they do so under the same privacy and security standards as we do.
Know-Your-Customer
In order to provide the Services and/or to comply with applicable law, rule or regulation, we may require you to submit certain identification verification information, including, without limitation, personal identifiable information and biometric information to Telnyx or certain third-parties.
Cookies
Our site may make use of cookies (or a similar technology) to better manage our sites and to assist us in providing you with tailored information and services. A cookie is a tiny element of data that a website can send to your browser, which is stored on your hard drive so that we can do things such as better serve you as you navigate through our site or when you return. You may set your browser to notify you or decline the receipt of a cookie; however, certain features of our sites or services may not function properly or be available if your browser is configured to disable cookies. You can learn more about managing your advertising preferences in our
Cookie Policy
.
E-Mail
Telnyx’s policy is not to read or disclose private e-mail communications that are transmitted using Telnyx services except to respond, if directed to us, or as required to operate the service, as set forth in the terms of use and policies established from time to time governing the service, or for other legally permissible purposes.
Security
Telnyx maintains physical, electronic and procedural safeguards designed to protect the confidentiality of personal data provided by you on and through our website. For example, unique passwords or user identifications are required to access a number of our website services. In addition to requiring the use of a unique password or user identification, all payments processed through our website require certain personal data provided by you to be sent in a “Secure Session” using Secure Socket Layer encryption technology. This technology is designed to encrypt—or scramble—your financial or credit card account information to help prevent unauthorized parties from reading it. We seek to regularly test and update our technology to help protect your personal data. However, such precautions do not guarantee that our website is invulnerable to all security breaches. Telnyx makes no warranty, guarantee, or representation that use of our website is protected from all viruses, security threats or other vulnerabilities and that your information will always be secure. When doing business with others, such as advertisers to whom you can link from our site, you should consider the separate security and privacy policies of those other sites.
Your Use of Passwords or User Identifications
Except as specifically permitted by this privacy policy or other instructions regarding the online services you may not, and will ensure that you do not, lend, give, or otherwise disclose any passwords or user identifications to any unauthorized person, or permit any unauthorized person to use your accounts or related passwords or user identifications. Any loss of control of passwords or user identifications may result in the loss of control over personal data. You will be responsible for any actions taken on your behalf or any person using your passwords or user identifications. If passwords or user identifications have been compromised for any reason, then you should immediately change such password or user identification or notify us so that we may issue a new password or user identification.
Discussion Areas
This site may provide discussion areas so that customers and visitors can communicate freely and share ideas. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when disclosing such information. These discussion areas may be monitored by us or law enforcement officials as appropriate occasionally in order to enhance the safety and respect for all of our customers and visitors, and off-topic, unlawful or otherwise inappropriate content of materials of which we become aware may or may not be removed from the site during the course of such monitoring. However, Telnyx is not responsible for any information posted or remaining on these discussion areas.
Links to Other Sites
For the convenience of our visitors and customers, this website may contain links to other sites. While we generally try to link only to sites that share similar high standards and respect for privacy, we have no responsibility or liability for the content, products or services offered, independent actions, or the privacy and security practices employed by these other independent sites. We encourage you to ask questions and review the applicable privacy policies before disclosing information to third parties on these independent sites.
Updates or Revisions to Personally Identifiable Information
Your use of certain of our online services may permit you to update personal data from our database by accessing our website. If you remove certain information from your account, we will only retain copies of such information as are necessary for us to comply with governmental orders, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, enforce any agreement you have entered into with us and as otherwise reasonably necessary.
If You Do Not Wish to Disclose Your Information
Even though we collect your data to conduct business, your data stays your own. You stay in control of your personal data and can at any time choose what you want us do with it. You can at any time:
Change your cookie settings.
When you visit our website for the first time, you can decide to accept all cookies or accept specific cookies using your browser tools or deny all our cookies. You can always change your preferences in your browser settings.
Withdraw consent to our processing of your data.
If for whatever reason you no longer want us to use your personal data, you’re free to change your mind. We will always comply with your request, unless we're legally required to keep your data. Which basically means that if there is any legal dispute, about for example outstanding invoices, we can keep your information until it’s resolved.
Control and review your data.
You can always
view, amend, delete, and transfer your personal data
. If you want to edit your information, you can do so on our portal where you can find an overview of your personal data. When you choose to delete your personal data, we hold the right to hold onto anonymised and aggregated data. If we do so, nothing will be able to identify you as a person in any way. If we’re required to retain your information for legal reasons, we will let you know in response to your request.
Object to and restrict the processing of data.
When your personal data is being processed to fulfill a legitimate interest to us, such as marketing, you’re able to object and unsubscribe by sending an email to
legal@telnyx.com
. You can always exercise your right to restrict processing, and we’ll make sure to process your data in the way you specify. We will assess each request on a case-by-case basis according to the rules set out by the GDPR. If we override your request, we need to demonstrate that we have compelling grounds to do so, or that there’s a legal claim which allows us to retain personal data. If you don’t agree with how we’ve handled your request, you can file a complaint with the authority related to the member state you live or work in, or the country in which the suspected infringement has taken place.
Additional Notices for Residents of Australia
For customers in Australia wishing to procure prepaid mobile services, Telnyx uses a secure online identification service provided by its subcontractor, Onfido UK Limited and its affiliates (together “Onfido”).
Telnyx and/or Onfido collect and hold certain personal information (including sensitive information) about you when you register on Telnyx’s website and purchase a prepaid mobile number service. The kinds of information may include facial biometrics, identity documents, personal details, images/videos, and device data. The information is collected via direct interactions with you and through the use of the website and services. The purpose of collecting this information is to provide you with access to our portal, verify your identity, and to comply with our regulatory obligations. We may disclose your biometric data and other personal data to overseas recipients. Information held by Onfido relating to you is stored in the United States of America. More information can be located in our Privacy Notice (which is made available at the time of collection).
If you wish to complain about a breach of Australia’s privacy laws (including the
Australian Privacy Principles) or have any other concerns or questions, please
contact us at regulatory@telnyx.com. We will investigate and try to resolve the complaint in a fair and efficient manner. If you are not satisfied with our response, you may contact the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner.
Children’s Privacy
We do not intend for this site to be used by children under the age of 13, nor do we seek to collect information about children under the age of 13. If you are under the age of 13, please do not provide us with information and promptly exit this site. We encourage parents or legal guardians to talk with their children about the potential risks of providing information over the Internet.
ACH Functionality
Solely with respect to those Customers approved by Telnyx for use of the ACH payment functionality within the Portal, the following shall apply: In order to use the payment functionality of our application, you must open a “Dwolla Account” provided by Dwolla, Inc. and you must accept the
Dwolla Terms of Service
and
Privacy Policy
. Any funds held in or transferred through your Dwolla Account are held or transferred by Dwolla’s
Financial Institution Partners
. You must be at least 18 years old to create a Dwolla Account. You authorize us to collect and share with Dwolla your personal information including full name, [date of birth, social security number, physical address,] email address and financial information, and you are responsible for the accuracy and completeness of that data. You understand that you will access and manage your Dwolla Account through our application, and Dwolla account notifications will be sent by us, not Dwolla. We will provide customer support for your Dwolla Account activity, and can be reached at
support@telnyx.com
.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to make corrections or updates to this Privacy Policy at our sole  discretion from time to time. When we do so, we will post the updated Privacy Notice on our website and update the Privacy Policy effective date. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy published on our website.
How to Contact Us
If you have questions about this Privacy Notice, concerns or questions, please contact
legal@telnyx.com
Or write to us via post to:
Telnyx LLC
600 Congress Avenue
14th Floor
Austin, TX 78701
ASK OUR AI ASSISTANT
Sub-policy 12
https://qonversion.io/privacy/:
Qonversion Privacy Policy
Updated September 1, 2023
Your privacy is important to us, and we are committed to protecting your personal data. We want you to feel confident when using the Qonversion service and comfortable with how your data is used.
✓ We are committed to being transparent about the information we collect, how we use it, and how you can control the collection, correction and/or deletion of the information.
✓ We believe that you should have control over the data you transmit to Qonversion. We will never share your data without your permission (unless required by law) and will provide you with a clear means to be able to delete your data from our systems.
✓ We believe that you own and will always own all data you upload to the Qonversion Service. We will never claim ownership rights to any of your data and only ask you to grant us the rights necessary to provide the service.
Qonversion is a Software as a Service platform that can be used by mobile app owners, mobile app developers, or anyone else (“you”, “your”, “customers”) who can be interested in the provided service. By using this service, you agree to allow us to collect and process information as described below. If you have any questions or believe that some data has been transmitted into Qonversion that should not have been, please contact us at
compliance@qonversion.io
✓ Log-in Information: If you create a Qonversion account, you provide your email address, name and create a password that we store so you can access and use the Qonversion service.
✓ Website Use Information: Subject to your opt-out preferences, we use tools (including Google Analytics) to collect information from visitors in order to better understand how they use our website (e.g., browser type, domains, page views). You may opt out of Google Analytics cookies using Opt-Out Features on their website. We use session cookies to keep you logged in while you use features of our web application; these disappear after you close your browser. We also use persistent cookies, which stay in your browser and allow us to recognize you when you return to the site. You can change your internet browser settings to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. If you turn off cookies, parts of the Qonversion service may not work for you.
✓ Team Account Information: If your User Account is linked to a Team Account, the administrator of the Team Account will be able to see your name, user name and other personally identifiable information. Your organization’s privacy policy and terms, not Qonversion’s, will apply to their use and storage of your information.
✓ Purchase Information: If you purchase paid features of the Qonversion service, we collect your name, billing and shipping address, credit card information and any other information necessary to complete the transaction.
End user technical information can be received and processed by us if you are using Qonversion Software Development Kit (“SDK”) or other Qonversion products and services. We collectively refer to such information as the “End User Technical Information”. The End User Technical Information includes:
✓ End user’s mobile device type, operating system and version number
✓ IP address
✓ Advertiser ID
✓ App version
✓ Carrier
✓ Country
✓ Locale
✓ Time zone
✓ Device push token
✓ Qonversion SDK version
✓ Apple receipt file
✓ Google purchase token
✓ End user’s transaction information in your mobile or web app
✓ Time end user’s last used your app
✓ If you choose to enable User Properties information, you might send any additional metadata associated with a user.
USAGE: We may use information that we collect about you, including personal information, to:
✓ Provide the Qonversion service: We will use your information to provide the Qonversion service to you; to manage your account; to respond to your inquiries; and for other customer service and support purposes. We use the payment information you provide to us in order to alert you of past, current, and upcoming charges and to perform internal finance processes, such as looking up the status of a credit card charge. In the event of a credit card dispute, we may also share account information with your bank to verify the legitimacy of a charge.
✓ Understand and improve upon our products: We will perform research and analysis about your use of, or interest in, our products, services, or content, or products, services or content offered by others. We do this to help make the Qonversion Service better and to develop new products.
✓ Qonversion may use information derived from the aggregation of End User Technical Information for research and analytics purposes and improvement and marketing of the Services (“Aggregated Data”). Aggregated Data shall be anonymous and in no way reveal the identity of the customer or any end user.
✓ Communicate with you.
✓ Service-related communications: We may send you service and administrative emails to ensure the Qonversion service is working properly. These messages are considered part of the Qonversion service, and you may not opt out of these messages while you have an active account.
✓ Promotional: Subject to your opt-out preference, we may send you emails about new product features or other news about Qonversion or on topics we think would be relevant to you. You may opt-out of receiving these communications at any time. Please see the Your Rights and Choices section below for more information.
✓ Responding to your requests: We will use your information to respond to your questions, service issues, or comments.
✓ Administrative: We may contact you to inform you about the Qonversion service, changes in the Qonversion service, and other important service-related notices, such as changes to our Privacy Policy or security or fraud notices.
✓ Protecting Rights and Interests: We will use your information to protect our rights and interests, as well as the rights and interests of our users and any other person, as well as to enforce our Privacy Policy or our Terms of Service.
✓ Legal Compliance: We may use your information to comply with applicable legal or regulatory obligations, including informal requests from law enforcement or other governmental authorities.
TRANSFER: We may share your personally identifiable information with third parties for purposes of providing you with Qonversion services. These third parties may use your information to perform services on our behalf and to offer you other products or services that may be of interest to you. Except as described herein, Qonversion will only provide personally identifiable information collected on the website to a third party if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with state and federal laws or respond to a court order, subpoena, or search warrant. We may share aggregated, non-personally identifiable information (such as usage statistics or other information) with third parties at any time and for any reason.
Where we store your information
The information we collect from you will be stored in Microsoft Azure data centres in the UK in the following locations: London. Azure is certified in the international standard SOC 2 Type 2 and ISO. You can find detailed information on Azure’s certification
here
.
LEGAL BASIS: We rely on the following legal grounds to process your personal information:
✓ Consent: We may use your personal information as described in this Policy subject to your consent. To withdraw your consent, please contact us at
compliance@qonversion.io
. You may also refrain from providing or withdrawing your consent for cookies. Please see Your Rights and Choices below for more information on opt-outs.
✓ Performance of a Contract: We may need to collect and use your personal information, as applicable, to perform our contractual obligations to you.
✓ Legitimate Interests: We may use your personal information for our legitimate interests to provide and improve upon the Qonversion Service. We process the information on behalf of our customers who have legitimate interests in operating their businesses. We may use technical information as described in this Policy and use personal information for our marketing purposes consistent with our legitimate interests and any choices that we offer or consents that may be required under applicable law.
YOUR RIGHTS AND CHOICES:
✓ Account: In order to keep your personal information accurate and complete, you can log in to review and update your account information, including contact and billing information, via your account settings page. You may also contact us to request information about the personal data we have collected from you and to request the correction, modification or deletion of such personal information. We will do our best to honour your requests subject to any legal and contractual obligations. If you would like to make a request, cancel your account or request we delete or no longer use your account information to provide you with the Services, please contact us at
compliance@qonversion.io
. Subject to applicable law, we will retain and use your account information only as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements.
✓ Email: If you do not wish to receive promotional emails from us, you may opt-out at any time by following the opt-out link contained in the email itself or by emailing us at
compliance@qonversion.io
. Please note that it may take up to ten (10) days to process your request. Please also note that if you opt out of receiving marketing communications from us, we may continue to send you service-related emails which are not available for opt-out. If you do not wish to receive any service-related emails from us, you have the option to deactivate your account.
✓ Cookies: You may also refrain from providing or withdrawing your consent for cookies. Your browser’s help function should contain instructions on how to set your computer to accept all cookies, notify you when a cookie is issued, or to not receive cookies at any time.
✓ Additional Rights: Subject to local law, you may have additional rights under the laws of your jurisdiction regarding your personal data, such as the right to complain to your local data protection authority.
✓ Qonversion also may inform the unlimited audience about the use of the Qonversion Service by any of our Customers, for example, in portfolio and advertising by using company names, logos, and app icons without acknowledgement or compensation to you.
GDPR
✓ Qonversion has no direct agreement with customers’ end users. Customers are responsible for ensuring that Users’ Personal Information has been collected in accordance with applicable law.
✓ Qonverion’s Customers install a Software Development Kit (“SDK”) on their mobile app(s) and site(s). The SDK facilitates the transfer of User Personal Information to Qonversion so that Qonversion can provide service to the Customers.
✓ Qonversion only receives User Personal Information that Customers have provided us for the business purposes of providing the Services. EU (European Union) individuals have rights in relation to their personal data, which is processed by Qonversion. If you are an EU data subject, you may by emailing us at
compliance@qonversion.io
:
– Request access to the personal data concerned.
– Request that any incorrect personal data about you that we are processing be rectified.
– Request that we erase the personal data concerned.
Withdraw your consent at any time where we are processing personal data relating to you on the basis of your prior consent to that processing, after which we shall stop the processing concerned.
Lodge a formal complaint with the Information Commissioner in Ireland (or your local EU supervisory authority if you live outside the UK) if you have a complaint about any processing of your personal data being conducted by us.
If the requested EU Data is User Personal Information, please include the name of the applicable customer in your request; we will refer the request to that customer to respond directly to you and will support them as needed to respond to your request.
CCPA
✓ Qonversion acts as a Service Provider under the California Consumer Protection Act (“CCPA”). Qonversion follows the Customer(s)’ instructions in processing the User Personal Information for the business purposes of providing the Services. Qonversion follows the Customer(s)’ instructions to delete any User Personal Information requested. Qonversion does not sell its Users’ Personal Information as defined under CCPA. Qonversion upholds Users’ right to non-discrimination as defined under CCPA.
SECURITY: Qonversion takes security very seriously. We use commercially standard methods to transmit your content securely, including HTTPS, SSL, and 128-bit encryption.
Qonversion is hosted in the UK. Qonversion uses the following sub-contractor:
Microsoft Azure (SOC 2 Type II certified and GDPR compliant provider)
Datacenter location: London, United Kingdom.
Children Under 13: The Qonversion service is not directed to children under the age of thirteen (13), and we do not knowingly collect personal information from such children. If you are a parent or guardian of a child under the age of thirteen (13) and you believe your child may have provided us with personal information, please notify us at
compliance@qonversion.io
.
Business Transitions: Upon the sale or transfer of the company and its assets, we will require a purchaser to treat our data under the privacy statement in place at the time of its collection.
Changes to Privacy Policy: Please note that this Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. If we decide to change our privacy policy, then we will post those changes to this Privacy Notice and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We will also keep prior versions of this Privacy Policy in an archive for your review.
Questions, Concerns and Comments: If you have any questions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us:
Qonversion Inc.
1160 Battery Street East
Suites 100
San Francisco
94111
Email:
compliance@qonversion.io