Privacy Policy for Adrenalyn XL™ Calciatori 2024-2025 users
You are reading the policy related to the service: Adrenalyn XL™ Calciatori 2024-2025
A- Type of Personal Data Processed
B- Purposes of the Personal Data Processing
C- Processing of the Personal Data of minors under the minimum age established by law for consent-based processing of Personal Data
D- Lawful Basis for Processing Personal Data, Mandatory/Discretionary Provision of Personal Data and Consequences in case of not providing
E- Personal Data Sharing
F- Personal Data Transfer
G- Personal Data Retention
H- Data Subject Rights
I- Amendments to the "Privacy Policy for Adrenalyn XL™ Calciatori 2024-2025 users"
J- Privacy Policy for parents or guardians of Adrenalyn XL™ users
The following Privacy Policy is written by Panini S.p.A. – headquartered in Modena, Italy, viale Emilio Po 380 – 41126, Tel. +39 059 382111 - Fax +39 059 827431 (hereinafter
“Panini”
)  as Data Controller for processing the personal data collected in, provided directly by you or however received or generated by us as a result of the use of the website Adrenalyn XL™ Calciatori 2024-2025 (
"Website"
or
"Websites"
) and the relevant applications for smartphones and tablets (referred to collectively as
"Application"
and/or
"Applications"
). Please note that this document has also been uploaded to third party platforms, the "Stores", or can be accessed via the latter.
Panini considers your privacy essential. We therefore ask you to read this information (hereinafter “Privacy Policy”) carefully in order to make a freely given, specific, informed and unambiguous choice when you are requested to give your personal data to Panini.
This Privacy Policy is divided into individual sections (
"Section" and/or "Sections"
), each of which deals with a specific topic so that you can read and search for them more quickly and easily. The Website and the App might contain links to other apps or websites. Panini is not liable for their privacy policies or for their content.
In general, all the personal data (
"Personal Data" and/or "Data"
) provided to Panini or collected during the use of Panini's services (collectively the
"Services"
and/or individually the
"Service"
, as better defined in Purpose No. 1 entitled Provision of Services in Section –
“B. Purposes of Personal Data Processing”
of this Privacy Policy, will be processed lawfully and in a transparent manner in accordance with the principles stated in the current legislation on the protection of personal data, such as transparency, fairness, lawfulness, data minimization, purpose limitation, accuracy, storage limitation, integrity and confidentiality.
This Privacy Policy is written on the basis of the transparency principle using simple language to increase the level of understanding of the statements given.
A- Type of Personal Data Processed
Personal Data collected are listed below.
Game user data
Accessing the mobile Application you can decide to use the Application as guest users or create a registered user account. Accessing the application by website an Account is required.
Both for guest users and registered users, Panini will collect statistical information about the game usage such as digital collected cards (including detailed information about date-time the digital cards have been received, IP address during the matches), code activations, user ID, username generated randomly by the system, emblem configuration, granted rewards, country of residence, access portal, mobile device app ID (i.e. for push notification) and technical information about the user device to ensure the functioning of the game and identify if the device is an iOS or an Android device.
This information will be associated with an internal user ID that cannot be directly traced back to a person.
For guest users, this information is not associated with any personal identity unless users choose to convert guest user status to a registered user account. In this case, the game user data collected so far will be associated with the user account created and therefore with a personal identity.
Name, Last name, Contact Details and other Personal Data
When you create an account into the Website or through the Application.  Panini may ask your personal information such as: email, name, last name, gender,username, contact details, month and year of birth, soccer team supported and country of residence. In the same way, you may be asked to indicate other Data such as data coming from your submission of texts, drawings or registration information, on the occasion of participation in competitions, promotions, interactive games (such as those belonging to the Adrenalyn category) and initiatives of any kind.  Further Personal Data may be collected during the management of every relationship with Panini or it may consist of the data you decide to provide Panini via Customer Service (also accessible by telephone), or your use of the Contact area accessible through the Website or the Application.
Some sections of the Website or Application and the nature of the communications you freely decide to send us via the electronic or physical addresses on the Website or App envisage empty text boxes, in which you can give Panini information, which may contain Personal Data. Being free fields, you may choose to communicate (even inadvertently) particular categories of Personal Data, such as those revealing political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, or union membership, as well as genetic data, biomedical data which can permit to uniquely identify a specific person, data related to health or sex life or sexual orientation.
Panini asks you not to reveal any of these types of Data, unless you believe it strictly necessary so that we may follow up the request sent to us. Since, as mentioned, the provision of such information is entirely optional, should you decide to do so, Panini may only process said information with your explicit consent and in compliance with current regulations. Accordingly, Panini stresses the importance of granting your explicit consent for the processing of those special categories of Personal Data, should you decide to share that information with Panini.
Personal Data of Third Parties
As mentioned in the previous paragraph, free text fields in either the Application or Website make it possible to create any type of message, including those that contain Personal Data relating also to other people. In all cases in which you decide to share such Data, you will be considered a self-appointed Data Controller and, as such, you will have to assume all the relevant legal obligations and responsibilities. Therefore, in this regard, you undertake to hold Panini harmless from any dispute, claim, request for compensation for damage from data treatment etc. that could reach Panini from people whose Personal Data have been forwarded by you in violation of the applicable rules on the protection of Personal Data.
If you are below 18 years of age (“Minor” and/or “Minors”) and want direct access to section of the Website and/or App reserved for registered users, you must provide Data regarding your parent or guardian so that person can accept on your behalf the General Conditions of Use of this Service.
If you are below 16 years of age or, under local laws, below the age allowed for the processing of Personal Data based on consent and, in all cases, below 14 years of age (“Privacy Minor” and/or “Privacy Minors”) and want direct access to the sections of the Website and/or App reserved for registered users, you must provide Data regarding your parent or guardian so that person can accept on our behalf the General Condition of User of this Service and will be also asked to read and declare to have understood the current Privacy Policy before validating your request with the Website or App.
In order to process that Data and create the
“Register of Parents/Guardians”
, Panini will apply the specific "
Privacy Policy for parents or guardians of Adrenalyn users
" found at the foot of this page.
Data processed during interaction with social networks
You can also access the on-line game Adrenalyn XL™ by using your personal account on one of the social networks included on the registration form. In this case, the social network will automatically send Panini your Personal Data. You will only have to provide the additional Data required to complete your registration, which has not been provided by the social network,. To know which Data the social network will share with Panini, please read the Privacy Policy provided by the social network you access and refer to the options for sharing Data indicated therein. Additionally, please note that in such cases Panini will provide specific privacy information, the latest version of which is always available
by clicking here
.
IP address spatial coordinates
When you create a profile on the Website or through the Application, we will collect the approximate spatial coordinates (state, city) of your IP address associated, only, with your last log-in. We will keep this information only to the extent strictly necessary and proportionate to ensure the purpose of Security, therefore for the sole purpose of obtaining information necessary to identify anomalies, fraudulent activities and/or abuse in the use and access to the Website and the Application.
Navigation Data and Cookies
(applicable when you use the Website)
The computer systems and software used to run the Website acquire, during their normal operation, some Personal Data whose transmission is implicit in the use of Internet communication protocols. This information is not collected by Panini to be associated with identified data subjects, but by its very nature could, through processing and association with data held by third parties, allow data subjects to be identified. This category of data includes the IP addresses or domain names of the computers used by the users connecting to the Application, the addresses in URI (Uniform Resource Identifier) notation of the requested services, the time of the request, the method used in submitting the request to the server, the size of the file obtained in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the response given by the server (good result, error, etc.) and other parameters related to the operating system and the user's computer.
These data are used for the sole purpose of obtaining anonymous statistical information on the use of the Website, to check its correct functioning and to identify anomalies and/or abuses. Except in cases where the data are used to ascertain responsibility in the event of hypothetical computer crimes against the Website or third parties, these data do not persist for more than seven days.
Information about the use of cookies is available in our Cookie Policy, which we kindly ask you to read by clicking on the “Manage cookies” button or the
both available in the Website footer.
Data of your Device (applicable when you use the App)
By selecting the option "Install" in the App Store, you authorise Panini to access certain Personal Data and other information on your mobile device ("Device"), which is essential for a successful installation (e.g. Device model, version of the operating system, screen resolution, type of network connection, language, etc.)  Sharing this information is essential to install the App and you can stop it by removing the App from your Device.
SDK and tracking technologies (applicable when you use the App)
SDK (Software Development Kit) and similar technologies are information the mobile apps record and/or read on your Device. These technologies usually enable the use of a mobile app to be analysed in order to avoid malfunctions and improve user experience.
Via the App, Panini uses SKD and similar technologies supplied by third parties, depending on the circumstances, as autonomous data controllers compared to Panini (using the Data they collect for their own purposes and according to the terms and conditions they have established) or as Data Processors (using the Personal Data on behalf of Panini).
For further information on how these third parties can use your data, please read their privacy policies:
SDK
Description
Privacy Link
SAP Customer Data Cloud (Gigya)
User registration and login system
https://www.sap.com/italy/about/legal/privacy.html
PlayServices SDK /Auth (only Android)
Subject to having given explicit consent while installing the App, the SDK is used to send you push notifications if you are using an Android device.
https://policies.google.com/privacy
PlayServices SDK / Core (only Android)
The SDK is used to perform and validate In-App-Purchases.
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Firebase SDK / Firebase Cloud Messaging (only Android)
The SDK is used to send you push notifications if you are using an Android device.
https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy
Firebase SDK / Firebase Analytics
To track the statistics for the use of the App.
https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy
Firebase SDK
/
Firebase Dynamic Links
To track the performance of a digital advertising campaign
https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy
ML Kit library
For QR code scanner. It is used to extract the QR code information, no personal data passed to the library.
https://developers.google.com/ml-kit/
Sing in With Apple SDK (only iOS)
To sign in the App using the Apple ID. Instead of filling out forms, verifying email addresses, and choosing new passwords, users can use Sign in with Apple to set up an account and start using the App right away.
https://developer.apple.com/sign-in-with-apple/
B- Purposes of the Personal Data Processing
We will process your Personal Data for the following purposes:
to allow operations strictly connected and contributory to the management of our relations with you, such as respond to queries received via the contact forms or by Panini (electronically and/or in printed form) at any of the addresses specified on the Website or the App; allow you to access private sections of the Website or App; help if you forget your personal account login/password for the Website or App; allow you to take part in interactive games, initiatives, prize competitions and events; send you push notifications about the App; send you (if you are a Minor and your parent/guardian previously granted consent on your behalf for processing linked to the supply of services by the information provider, such as for registration with the Website or the App, or for Marketing and Profiling purposes) a communication informing you, when you reach the minimum age established by law, that you can manage your personal data independently and grant consent for processing linked to the supply of services by the information provider with full autonomy; send you communications about the upcoming deactivation and deletion of your account
(Provision of services)
;
to allow us to fulfill obligations established by laws, regulations and community legislation (e.g. collect Data required to verify parental responsibility for the Minor), or instructions given by authorities empowered by law or by supervisory and control bodies, and to allow us to fulfill our accounting and tax obligations
(Legal obligations)
;
to get the information required to identify anomalies, illegal activity and/or abuse of the use of the Websites and App towards Panini or third parties
(Security)
;
sending you, if you are using or have used a Panini Service or if you are buying or you have bought a product or a service through the Website, direct marketing and promotional communication via e-mail about similar products or services
(Soft Spam)
;
to provide information on our products and/or services, including promotional and commercial activities, market research and marketing or, activities to measure the level of customer satisfaction by sending questionnaires, carrying out surveys or opinion polls. The activity may be carried out by using automated systems without an operator (e.g. e-mail), but also via traditional contact methods (e.g. postal services and telephone) and via the App push notifications with marketing contents, if you use the App
(Marketing
);
to set up user groups by processing the data they have provided, by using the third party profiling cookies - if you accept them - on the Website, by collecting and analyzing the information on the preferences selected and choices made via the Website or the App - if you use it - and via your Device data, so as not to indiscriminately send generalized, commercial and promotional communications to all users and to customize the Services provided via the App, if you use it. This enables us to segment users into groups organized in way that reflects their interests, such as country of origin, language, gender, previous purchases etc. As a consequence, we can send commercial communications - using automated systems without operator action (e.g. e-mail), as well as via traditional contact methods such as the postal service and the telephone, or via App push notifications, if used by you - that are as relevant and least invasive as possible, limiting to the extent possible the situations in which you receive messages that are not of interest to you
(Profiling)
;
to provide, for specific initiatives, the contact Data supplied to create an account or profile on the Website, or obtained via the App, to third parties - individually and specifically indicated each time in the related consent form, when present at the time the Data is supplied - with which Panini has commercial relationships, so that they can send you promotional/marketing communications and commercial information, or carry out market research with regard to their products and services
(Communication to third parties)
.
C- Processing of the Personal Data of minors under the minimum age established by law for consent-based processing of Personal Data
Children aged less than 16 years old or, in accordance with national local laws, below the age set to directly collect the consent to the processing from children but in any case not less than 13 years old (hereinafter "Privacy Minor" or "Privacy Minors"), require the consent of one of their parents or legal guardians to register on the Website or Application to access the sections reserved for registered users.
Since Panini is a company based in Italy, 14 is the minimum age for collecting consent (without this having to be given by a parent or guardian) to process your Personal Data for purposes linked to the Provision of Services (including such company services as registration with the Website and App and access to their respective private sections), the conduct of marketing campaigns, profiling based on the collection of browsing and purchasing data, and the communication of user data to third parties. If, however, the local laws of the EU country in which the Privacy Minor resides establish a higher age threshold for giving consent for processing, the latter will prevail.
Privacy Minors of Age workflow registration is as follows:
The Privacy Minor must filling the registration form on the Website or Application giving all the personal data requested together with the name, surname, degree of kinship, email address of a parent or legal guardian of his.
Registration of the Privacy Minor is on hold until his parent or legal guardian manages the request of the registration. To be able to do this, the parent of the legal guardian must create an account on Panini Parents/Legal Guardians Register by following the link included in the email received by
noreply@paninigroup.com
.
In case the parent or the legal guardian don't use the link within 72 hours from the reception or doesn't give consent to the processing of the personal data requested in the registration form, Privacy Minor will not able to access the sections of the Website or Applications under registration and the data collected in the registration form will be canceled in 24 hours.
After creating an account, the parent or guardian may examine and correct the Data sent by the Privacy Minor, as well as give and manage the consents required to process the Personal Data of the Privacy Minor needed to register with the Website and App and access the respective private sections. In order to take concrete steps to protect the Personal Data of Privacy Minors, Panini does not process any such Data for marketing or profiling purposes, or for communication to third parties.
If the parent or guardian approves the registration request, the Privacy Minor can then access the Websites and Apps at any time, without further notifications to the parent or guardian. The parent or guardian may also be notified about the consent requested to process the Data of the Privacy Minor needed for access to versions of the Websites and Apps dedicated to Adrenalyn Online that require additional processing with respect to previously-authorized versions of them (e.g. for participation in prize competitions).
The Privacy Minor will not able to change the personal data included in the registration form and only the parent or legal guardian are allowed to do it by entering the Panini Parents/Legal Guardians Register or by contacting Panini at the address
webprivacy@panini.it
On the first day of the month in which the Privacy Minor reaches the age established by law for giving independent consent for the processing of his/her Personal Data, Panini will send a communication to the parent or guardian stating that, from the start of the month following receipt of the e-mail, the consents given by the parent or guardian on behalf of the Privacy Minor will no longer be valid and, from the first login to a Panini Service after that date, the last mentioned will be invited to give consent for the processing of his/her Personal Data for marketing and profiling purposes and (in relation to certain initiatives) for communication to third parties (which, as mentioned, Panini does not do in relation to Privacy Minor Data Subjects). An e-mail describing this procedure will also be sent to the Privacy Minor.
Accordingly, on reaching the minimum age envisaged by law, the Privacy Minor may give direct consent for the processing of his/her Personal Data, having become fully autonomous in the management of such Data and the related rights recognized in the applicable legislation, as well as in the expression of his/her preferences and consents. The parent or guardian will therefore cease to manage the Personal Data of the Privacy Minor.
Users minor of 18 are not allowed to purchase goods or services from our Website and Application. To complete the registration process, under 18 years of age users also need the acceptance of the General Conditions of Use by the parent or guardian as described in the General Condition of Use this service.
D- Lawful Basis for Processing Personal Data, Mandatory/Discretionary Provision of Personal Data and Consequences in case of not providing
The lawful basis for processing your Personal Data by Panini, in accordance to the purposes in Section
"B- Purposes for processing Personal Data
, of this Privacy Policy, is as follows:
The provision of Personal Data and the relevant processing for Services Provision & Contractual Obligations.
if you are not a Privacy Minor:
is strictly to execute the service requested and to correctly implement the contractual relationship in place with you, directly or through the acceptance of your parent or guardian in case you are under 18 years of age,  and, therefore, this constitutes an essential condition to enter into a contractual relationship and is also the legal basis for the processing. As a result, if you fail to provide the Personal Data requested, or give incorrect data, Panini will be unable to implement the service and fulfil the contractual relationship and will have the legal right to refuse to implement or to interrupt the implementation of the service
if you are a Privacy Minor:
the provision of services by the information provider, e.g. registration with the Website and/or App, is based on the consent given directly by your parent or legal guardian (according to the
preceding Section C
).
The provision of Personal Data, and the related processing for purposes related to
Legal Compliance
, is necessary for Panini in order to comply with the related legal obligations. When you provide your Personal Data to Panini, we must process them in accordance with applicable laws which may include the storage and communication to the competent authorities for compliance with tax, customs or other obligations.
The provision of Personal Data, and the related processing, for the purposes related to the activity of
Soft Spam
is based on the legitimate interest of Panini to send marketing communications via e-mail regarding products and services similar to those you have already used or purchased. You can stop receiving these communications without any consequence (except you will be unable to receive any further communications of this type from Panini), by using the link (the "Cancel" key) placed at the bottom of each e-mail received for that purpose.
The provision of Personal Data and their processing for purposes related to
Security
are based on (i) the interest of Panini to identify and prevent any illegal behaviour and to determine the responsibilities in the event of computer crimes to the detriment of the Website or Application such as to compromise the availability, authenticity, integrity and confidentiality of the Personal Data stored or transmitted, which, consequently, (ii) on yours in order to detect and follow up the appropriate checks in case of fraudulent access or acts illegal through the profile you created on the Website or through the Application.
The provision of Personal Data and its processing for
marketing
purposes is based on the collection of your explicit consent, which may be given via a specific checkbox and/or the cookie banner displayed on the Website. You are under no obligation to give that consent to Panini and, if you do, you are free to revoke it at any time without any consequences (except that you will no longer receive marketing communications from Panini). You can revoke the consent given for that purpose by following the instructions in Section
H-Data Subjects Rights
section of this Privacy Policy.
The provision of Personal Data and its processing for
profiling
purposes is based on the collection of your explicit consent, which may be given via a specific checkbox and/or the cookie banner displayed on the Website. You are under no obligation to give that consent to Panini and, if you do, you are free to revoke it at any time without any consequences (except that you will no longer benefit from the customization of commercial offers from Panini or, if applicable, your experience using the App). Similarly, browsing on the Website and taking advantage of the various functions will not be compromised in any way, nor will you suffer any adverse consequences. You can revoke the consent given for that purpose by following the instructions in Section
H-Data Subjects Rights
section of this Privacy Policy.
We will use a specific checkbox to collect your explicit consent to provide and permit the relevant processing of your Personal Data for
Communication
purposes to third parties. You are under no obligation to provide Panini with your consent and, if you do so, you are free to withdraw it at any time. The only consequence will be to prevent communication of your personal data to any third parties, specifically named individually from time to time in the relevant consent form when you provide your Data, so they may subsequently send you marketing communications. We wish to specify that this particular consent form is provided and is present only when specific initiatives are running. You can withdraw your consent to the communication of your Data by following the instructions in Section "
H- Your Rights as Data Subject
" in this Privacy Policy.
E- Personal Data Sharing
The Personal Data will be made known to the Panini staff in charge of the development and management of the Website or the Application that is authorized to process them for the purpose of achieving the aforementioned purposes and who are committed to confidentiality or otherwise have received an appropriate legal obligation to confidentiality.
Personal Data may be shared, used and transferred within the companies belonging to the Panini group for accounting and administrative purposes.
Personal Data will be made known to third parties, appointed as Data Processors, as they process Data on behalf of Panini (for example, suppliers with whom it is necessary to interact for the
Service Provision
such as hosting providers, platform providers for sending e-mails or, again, suppliers who perform technical maintenance activities including the maintenance of network equipment and electronic communications networks, suppliers who develop interactive games and competitions).
Personal Data may be shared with third parties with whom Panini has ongoing contractual relationships concerning services functional to the performance of the activity (such as couriers for the delivery of products, audit firms, persons, companies or professional firms that provide assistance and advice on the subject, administrative, legal, tax, financial and credit recovery firms relating to the provision of the Services).
The contact data you give to create an account or profile on the Websites or via the App may be communicated to third parties - individually and specifically indicated each time in the relevant consent form, when present at the time the Data is provided - only if you give your explicit consent via a specific tick box.
Finally, Personal Data will be communicated when requested to the competent taxation offices, or to other public bodies, according to the provisions of the laws in force.
Personal Data is not intended for publication or dissemination.
F- Personal Data Transfer
Given the international presence of Panini, some of your Personal Data may be shared with recipients, described in the previous section, located in countries that are not members of the European Economic Area. Such Data transfers will be the subject of adequate guarantees, including adequacy decisions and Standard Contract Clauses approved by the European Commission, in combination with the adoption of additional legal, technical and organizational measures or other guarantees intended to protect the Personal Data adequately, in accordance with the related European regulations.
More information is available by writing to Panini at the following address:
webprivacy@panini.it
G- Personal Data Retention
The Personal Data processed for the
Provision of Services
will be retained by Panini for the period strictly needed to provide the requested service and execute properly the contractual relationship with you. In all cases, since such Personal Data is processed in order to provide Services to you and execute the contractual relationship, Panini may retain it for a longer period, especially when and to the extent necessary to protect its interests from any liabilities that may arise in relation to the Services.
In all cases, Panini confirms that the retention time for games data, and any orders and purchases made, is 12 months from the date on which the Website is removed from the Internet and the App is removed from the Apple Store and Google Play. At the end of such period, any Data that enables a natural person to be identified (even indirectly) will be rendered anonymous and retained solely in aggregated form for statistical purposes. Panini will maintain the validity of your authentication credentials for access to the Website and App Services for a period of 54 months from your last access (the centralized registration system for Websites and the App used by Panini is common to all e-commerce websites and, therefore, all authentication credentials have the same validity period. Such retention period reflects the frequency of major sporting events, such as the Football World Cup, and the purchasing behavior of our website users). Before that period expires, Panini will send a communication about the upcoming deletion of your account to the contact addresses provided by you. At the end of the retention period, the Data will be deleted or anonymized.
Your requests, and the data contained in them, collected via the Customer Service or Contact area reachable through the Website and the Application will be maintained for one year from the closure of the request in order to allow Panini to handle any additional requests received after closure. At the end of this period the Data that permit the identification, even indirect, of a physical person (such as name, surname, e-mail) will be made anonymous and maintained, only in the form of aggregated data, for statistical purposes.
The Personal Data processed for the purposes of
Legal Compliance
will be retained by Panini for the period envisaged by specific legal obligations or applicable legislation.
Personal Data processed for the purposes of
Security
-will be kept by Panini for the time strictly necessary for the said purposes, namely until the moment when Panini will be required to keep them in the event of legal recourse to transmit these Data to the competent authorities.
Panini will retain the Personal Data processed for Marketing and Profiling purposes until you revoke your consent. Once consent is revoked, Panini will cease to use your Personal Data for those purposes, but may continue to retain it to the extent necessary to protect its interests from any liabilities that may arise from such processing (for example, some of your identification Data may be retained so that Panini can demonstrate that, at any given time, your consent was acquired and/or revoked properly).
In compliance with the limited retention principle, any consents given for marketing purposes will be maintained for a maximum of 54 months from the last access/login. As described above, this is consistent with the logic applied for the retention of authentication credentials giving access to the Services (since the prolonged inactivity of your account will indicate to Panini that you are no longer interested in our products).
Storage times of Personal Data processed for
Communication to third parties
are the same as those indicated above for authentication credentials. The reason behind this is that the information provided, following specific consent, consists only of the contact data provided when you created an account or profile on the Websites or via the App. Nevertheless, it remains understood that if you revoke your consent, Panini will stop communicating that Data to third parties individually and specifically indicated in the relevant consent form.
H- Data Subject Rights
As Data Subject, you have the following rights, which can be exercised at any time with regard to Panini:
to request access to your Personal Data, (and/or a copy of such Personal Data), as well as further information on the current treatment of them;
to request the correction or updating of your Personal Data processed by Panini, where they are incomplete or out of date;
to request the deletion of your Personal Data from the Panini databases, where you deem the processing unnecessary or illegitimate;
to request the limitation of the processing of your Personal Data by Panini, where you believe that your Personal Information is not correct, necessary or is unlawfully processed, or if you had opposed its processing;
to exercise the right to data portability, i.e. to obtain a copy of the Personal Data supplied to Panini that relates to you in a structured format, for common use and readable by an automatic device, or to request transmission to another Data Controller;
to oppose the processing of your Personal Data, using a legal basis relating to your particular situation, which you believe should prevent Panini from processing your Personal Data;
to revoke (in the manner described later) your consent for marketing and profiling activities and for sending communications to third parties and to object to processing for soft spam purposes. The consent given for sending promotional communications consequent to processing for marketing and profiling purposes extends to communications sent using automated systems without an operator (e.g. e-mail), as well as to traditional contact methods, such as the postal service and the telephone. You can always revoke your consent to processing, even separately, e.g. by deciding to receive communications only by post and not via automated systems such as e-mail, or by blocking the use of third-party profiling cookies on Panini Websites to prevent the receipt of such communications;
to oppose the use of cookies when you use the Website: to this regard, please read the appropriate section of Panini's Cookie Policy.
Please note that the Personal Data you have provided to Panini can be modified:
If you are not a Privacy Minor, at any time via the Website section "Modify Data" (also accessible via the App) or by writing to the e-mail address:
webprivacy@panini.it
;
if you are a Privacy Minor, only your parent or guardian can do this at the time of registration on the Website and/or App. Panini specifies that the Minor may not modify his/her own Personal Data (e.g. the data on the registration form). Modification may be implemented only by a parent or legal guardian, by accessing the Panini Register of parents/legal guardians or by sending an e-mail to the address
webprivacy@panini.it
.
You can also stop receiving
Soft Spam
using the appropriate link at the bottom of each e-mail received (via the "Cancel" button).
For
Marketing
purposes, you can at anytime revoke your consent and ask to stop sending commercial information, by modifying your user profile preferences on the Website (also accessible via the App) or by writing to the e-mail address
webprivacy@panini.it
. In the case of communications received through IT tools, you can revoke your consent following the procedure indicated at the bottom of the communication (via the "Unsubscribe" button).
You can revoke your consent to processing for marketing purposes at any time and request that no further commercial information be sent, by modifying your profile preferences on the Website (also accessible via the App) or by writing to the e-mail address
webprivacy@panini.it
. In the case of communications received via e-mail, consent can be revoked by following the procedure indicated at the foot of such communications (via the "Cancel" button).
If you have an Android Device, go to "
Settings
", scroll to the bottom to "Notifications", use "
Show All
" or "Sent recently" to select the App and block notifications via "
Show/Consent Notifications
".
Consent for the purpose
Profiling
can be revoked by changing, at any time, the preferences of the user profile within the Website or by writing to the e-mail address
webprivacy@panini.it
.
If you are using the Website instead and intend to block processing arising from the use of third party profiling cookies, please read the appropriate section of Panini's Cookie Policy.
If the information provided by you is not sufficient to identify you unambiguously and / or with a sufficient degree of certainty, taking into account the specific type of right exercised (such as, in particular, those of access, copy and cancellation), Panini will request further information from you as required by specific regulatory provisions regarding the protection of personal data. In the event that Panini detects the absence or lack of suitable data to identify you and therefore there are reasonable doubts about your identity, Panini may then ask you to provide a copy of an identification document or any additional information deemed useful for your identification. In the event that you provide such a document, personal details such as your first and last name and your address should be clear in order to be able to identify you correctly, while any other information such as your photo or any other personal characteristics not necessary for identification should be removed or obscured before sending. We specify that our use of the information on your identity document is strictly limited to fully accounting for your request: in fact, such Data will be used only to verify your identity and will not be kept for longer than necessary for this purpose.
Panini also informs you that you always have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent Supervisory Authority (for example that of the State in which you have your habitual residence, in Italy the Guarantor for the Protection of Personal Data) if you believe that the processing of your data is contrary to the legislation in the field of personal data protection actually applicable.
I- Privacy Policy for Adrenalyn XL™ Calciatori 2024-2025 users
This Privacy Policy version 1.3 is effective from August 29th, 2024. Panini reserves the right to modify or simply update its content, in part or completely, also due to changes in the applicable legislation. Panini will be able to inform you of these changes as soon as they are introduced and they will be binding as soon as they are published on the Application. Panini invites you to visit this section regularly to get to know the most recent and updated version of the Privacy Policy in order to be always updated on the Personal Data collected and on the use that Panini makes of them.
J- Privacy Policy for parents or guardians of Adrenalyn users
A- Type of Personal Data Processed
B- Purposes of the Personal Data Processing
C- Processing of the Personal Data of minors under the minimum age established by law for consent-based processing of Personal Data
D- Lawful Basis for Processing Personal Data, Mandatory/Discretionary Provision of Personal Data and Consequences in case of not providing
E- Personal Data Sharing
F- Personal Data Transfer
G- Personal Data Retention
H- Data Subject Rights
I- Amendments to the "Privacy Policy for parents or guardians of the users“
Panini S.p.A. has drawn up the following "
Privacy Policy
". With head office in Viale Emilio Po 380, 41126 Modena, Italy, Tel. +39 059 382111 - Fax +39 059 827431 (“
Panini
”) as Data Controller for the personal data collected in the Parents/Legal Guardians Register (“
Register
”) on
https://tutor.paninicloud.com/
(“Website”). You are required to register with the Register in order to grant under 18 years of age (e.g. your son/daughter, the child for whom you are the guardian), for whom you have parental responsibility so as he/she can access the sections of the websites and applications featuring our Adrenalyn XL™ products (hereinafter collectively referred as “Adrenalyn”) subject to regsitration. To clearly understand the purposes for which the data of under 18 years of age users (“Minor” or “Minors”) will be processed, please carefully read the entire Privacy Policy for Adrenalyn XL™ users, found at the foot of this page.
The Privacy Policy for Adrenalyn XL™ users found at the top of this page, as well as the text of the privacy policy for the specific Adrenalyn that the Minor intends to activate. These last texts are available in Section
H - Your Rights as Data Subject
found at the foot of this page.
This Privacy Policy is divided into sections (
"Sections"
and/or
"Section"
), each of which deals with a specific topic to allow you to read and search the topics quicker and more easily. The Website could contain links to other apps or websites. Panini is not liable for their privacy policies or for their relevant contents. Generally speaking, all personal data (
"Personal Data"
and/or
"Data"
) you provide to Panini or concerning the inclusion of your name into the Register, will be processed lawfully and in a transparent manner in accordance with the principles stated in the current legislation on the protection of personal data, such as transparency, fairness, lawfulness, data minimisation, purpose limitation, accuracy, storage limitation, integrity and confidentiality.
This Privacy Policy is written on the basis of the transparency principle using a simple and not too legal language to increase the level of understanding of the statements given.
A- Type of Personal Data Processed
Personal Data collected through the Application are listed below.
Name, Last name, Contact Details and other Personal Data
When you create an account on the website for the integration of your data in the Register (
https://tutor.paninicloud.com/
) Panini may ask your personal information such as: email, name, last name, gender, contact details, month and year of birth, degree of kinship with the child or dependent who has indicated you as parent or legal guardian of his and country of residence. In the same way, you may be asked to indicate other Data by using the Contact area on the Websites or Apps during the management of every relationship with Panini or by the data you decide to provide Panini via the Customer Service (also accessible by telephone).
Some sections of the Website and the nature of the communications you freely decide to send us via the electronic or physical addresses can include free text fields in which it is possible to provide Panini with information that may contain Personal Data. Being free fields, you may choose to communicate (even inadvertently) particular categories of Personal Data, such as those revealing political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, or union membership, as well as genetic data, biomedical data which can permit to uniquely identify a specific person, data related to health or sex life or sexual orientation.
Panini asks you not to disclose any of these types of data, unless you consider it strictly necessary to pursue the request you forward to us. Since the indication of such information is, as said, totally optional, if you choose to do so, Panini could process such data only with your explicit consent and in compliance with the current legislation. Panini, therefore, underlines the importance of expressing your explicit consent to the processing of these particular categories of Personal Data in case you decide to share them with Panini.
Personal Data of Third Parties
As mentioned in the previous paragraph, as the Website envisage empty text boxes in which it is possible to forward any type of message, these could in fact contain Personal Data relating also to other people. In all cases in which you decide to share such Data, you will be considered a self-appointed Data Controller and, as such, you will have to assume all the relevant legal obligations and responsibilities. Therefore, in this regard, you undertake to hold Panini harmless from any dispute, claim, request for compensation for damage from data treatment etc. that could reach Panini from people whose Personal Data have been forwarded by you in violation of the applicable rules on the protection of Personal Data.
As, in such cases, Panini does not collect this information directly from the data subjects (but indirectly from you), you guarantee that this specific treatment can be based on the consent of these data subjects or on another suitable lawful basis that legitimizes the processing of the information in question.
It nevertheless remains understood that, as regards the Data of the Minor that Panini asks you to modify, if necessary, and validate on the Register as his/her parent or guardian, the legal basis for processing the data is based on what legislation provides for on the topic of personal data protection. In fact, the latter states that the Data Controller (in this case Panini) must reasonably verify that the consent to processing, which requires the collection of that data, is actually granted or authorized by the holder of parental responsibility for the Minor (you in this case).
Data processed during interaction with social networks
You can register in the Register using your personal account on one of the social networks included on the registration form. In this case, the social network will automatically send Panini your Personal Data. You will only have to provide the additional Data required to complete your registration, as the social network will not pass this on to Panini. To know which Data the social network will share with Panini, please read the Privacy Policy provided by the social network you access and refer to the options for sharing Data indicated therein. Additionally, please note that in such cases Panini will provide specific privacy information, the latest version of which is always available
by clicking here
.
IP address spatial coordinates
When you create a profile on the Site or through the Application, we will collect the approximate spatial coordinates (state, city) of your IP address associated, only, with your last log-in. We will keep this information only to the extent strictly necessary and proportionate to ensure the purpose of Security, therefore for the sole purpose of obtaining information necessary to identify anomalies, fraudulent activities and/or abuse in the use and access to the Site and the Application.
Navigation Data and Cookies
The computer systems and software used to run the Website acquire, during their normal operation, some Personal Data whose transmission is implicit in the use of Internet communication protocols. This information is not collected by Panini to be associated with identified data subjects, but by its very nature could, through processing and association with data held by third parties, allow data subjects to be identified. This category of data includes the IP addresses or domain names of the computers used by the users connecting to the Website, the addresses in URI (Uniform Resource Identifier) notation of the requested services, the time of the request, the method used in submitting the request to the server, the size of the file obtained in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the response given by the server (good result, error, etc.) and other parameters related to the operating system and the user's computer.
These data are used for the sole purpose of obtaining anonymous statistical information on the use of the Website, to check its correct functioning and to identify anomalies and/or abuses. Except in cases where the data are used to ascertain responsibility in the event of hypothetical computer crimes against the Website or third parties, these data do not persist for more than seven days.
Information about the use of cookies is available in our Cookie Policy, which we kindly ask you to read by clicking on the “Manage cookies” button or the
and/or
(Manage Cookies)
both of which can be found in the Website footer.
B- Purposes of the Personal Data Processing
We will process your Personal Data for the following purposes:
to help if you forget the login/password for your personal account on the Register; allow operations strictly connected and contributory to the management of our relations with you, such as respond to queries received via the contact forms or by Panini (electronically and/or in printed form) at any of the addresses specified on the Website; to enable us to correctly fulfill our contractual obligations to you and vice versa; send you (when the protected Minor reaches the minimum age established by law for managing personal data independently and granting consent for processing linked to the supply of services by the information provider with full autonomy or the minimum age established by the law for accepting independently the Conditions of Use and other obligations of the service or services the Minor is accessing to) a communication to inform you about the above and about the deactivation and subsequent deletion of your profile, if there are no other Minors or Panini Services used by you that need that account
(Provision of Services)
;
to add your name to the Panini Register of Parents/Guardians; to allow you to give consent for the processing of the Data of the Minor for whom you have parental responsibility and/or accept the Condition of Use and other obligatoions, since these needed for registration with and access to the sections of the Adrenalyn websites or apps for which registration is required; to send you requests via e-mail to renew the optional consents needed to process the Data of the Minor for other purposes, e.g. if the Minor intends to use his/her Data to access versions of the Adrenalyn websites and apps for smartphones and tablets for which registration is required, that require additional processing with respect to previously-authorized versions of them (e.g. for participation in prize competitions); to enable Panini to use any available technology to verify that the consent has actually been given by you, as the holder of parental responsibility for the Minor, and perform checks on the truth of the information
(inclusion on the Register of Parents/Guardians and provision of consent on behalf of the Minor)
;
to obtain the information required to identify anomalies, illegal activity and/or abuse of the use of the Website towards Panini or third parties
(Security)
.
C- Personal Data Processing of Children below the Minimum Age established by law to grant consent to the Processing of Data
Children below the age of 16 or, under local laws, below the age established for consent-based processing of their Personal Data and, in all cases, under the age of 14 (as stated earlier, hereinafter "Privacy Minor" and/or "Privacy Minors") must obtain consent from a parent or guardian (you in this case) in order to register with the Adrenalyn websites and apps for smartphones and tablets for which registration is required, and access the sections reserved for registered users.
Since Panini is a company based in Italy, 14 is the minimum age for collecting consent for the processing of Personal Data to: provide services (e.g. register with the websites and apps for smartphones and tablets dedicated to the Adrenalyn ecosystem, and access the respective private sections). If, however, the local laws of the EU country in which the Privacy Minor resides establish a higher age threshold for giving consent for processing, the latter will prevail.
To understand clearly the purposes, please read carefully the entire Privacy Policy for the specific Adrenalyn that the Privacy Minor intends to activate.
These texts are available in
Section
"H- Data Subject Rights"
,
at the bottom of this page.
Please remember you need to register with the Register in order to manage access to the websites and apps for smartphones and tablets dedicated to the Adrenalyn ecosystem by your son/daughter or child for whom you are the guardian.
The Privacy Minor must complete the registration form on the websites and apps for smartphones and tablets dedicated to the Adrenalyn ecosystem to be activated, supplying all the Personal Data requested, including name, surname, family connection and e-mail address of a parent or legal guardian. The Privacy Minor will be asked to confirm the e-mail address provided on the registration form. Once this has been confirmed, your validation process will begin. Validation of the e-mail address provided by the Privacy Minor will not give him/her access to the sections of the Website and App subject to registration.
The registration request made by the Privacy Minor is suspended until it is managed directly by a parent or legal guardian. For this purpose, the parent or legal guardian (you in this case) must create a personal account on the Panini Register of parents/legal guardians by following the link in the e-mail received from the address
noreply@paninigroup.com
.
a. In case the parent or the legal guardian don't use the link within 72 hours from the reception or doesn't give consent to the processing of the personal data requested in the registration form, Privacy Minor will not able to access the sections of the websites and apps dedicated to the Adrenalyn they are activating under registration and the data collected in the registration form will be canceled in 24 hours.
After creating an account, the parent or guardian may examine and correct the Data sent by the Privacy Minor, as well as give and manage the consents required to process the Personal Data of the Privacy Minor needed to register with the websites and apps for smartphones and tablets dedicated to the specific Adrenalyn requested, and access their respective private sections (all being services supplied by the information provider). In order to take concrete steps to protect the Personal Data of Privacy Minors, Panini does not process any such Data for marketing or profiling purposes, or communicate it to third parties (as described at the top of this page in the privacy policy for the users of Adrenalyn XL™).
If the parent or guardian approves the registration request, the Privacy Minor can then access the websites and apps for smartphones and tablets dedicated to the Adrenalyn ecosystem at any time, without further notifications to the parent or guardian. The parent or guardian may also be notified about the consent requested to process the Data of the Privacy Minor needed for access to versions of the Websites and Apps dedicated to Adrenalyn Online that require additional processing with respect to previously-authorized versions of them (e.g. for participation in prize competitions).
The Privacy Minor will not be able to change the personal data included in the registration form and only the parent or legal guardian are allowed to do it by entering the Panini Parents/Legal Guardians Register or by contacting Panini at the address
webprivacy@panini.it
On the first day of the month in which the Privacy Minor reaches the age established by law for giving independent consent for the processing of his/her Personal Data, Panini will send a communication to the parent or guardian stating that, from the start of the month following receipt of the e-mail, the consents given by the parent or guardian on behalf of the Privacy Minor will no longer be valid and, from the first login to a Panini Service after that date, the last mentioned will be invited to give consent for the processing of his/her Personal Data for marketing and profiling purposes and (in relation to certain initiatives) for communication to third parties (which, as mentioned, Panini does not do in relation to Privacy Minors Data Subjects). An e-mail describing this procedure will also be sent to the Privacy Minor.
Accordingly, on reaching the minimum age envisaged by law, the Privacy Minor may give direct consent for the processing of his/her Personal Data, having become fully autonomous in the management of such Data and the related rights recognized in the applicable legislation, as well as in the expression of his/her preferences and consents. The parent or guardian will therefore cease to manage the Personal Data of the Privacy Minor.
Users minor of 18 are not allowed to purchase goods or services from our websites and apps for smartphones and tablet dedicated to Adrenalyn. To complete the registration process, under 18 years of age users also need the acceptance of the General Conditions of Use by the parent or guardian as described in the General Condition of Use the service.
D- Lawful Basis for Processing Personal Data, Mandatory/Discretionary Provision of Personal Data and Consequences in case of not providing
The lawful basis for processing the Personal Data, in accordance with the purposes set in the Section of this Privacy Policy (
B- Purposes of the Data Processing
), is as follows. The provision of Personal Data and the related processing for the purposes related to
Services Provision
, is strictly functional to the performance of the requested service and the correct execution of the contractual relationship with you and therefore they constitute a necessary condition for the establishment of the contractual relationship itself and the lawful basis of the processing. Consequently, failure to provide the Personal Data requested for this purpose, or the inaccuracy of the data provided, will make it impossible for Panini to carry out the service and the contractual relationship and would legitimize Panini to refuse to carry it out.
Panini requires Personal Data to be given for the relevant processing for the purposes of
Registration in the Register of parents/legal guardians
and
consent to be given on behalf of the Minor
in order to be able to comply with its legal obligations, which specifically envisage: (i) that consent on behalf of the Minor is given by the person with parental responsibility; (ii) to use the technology available to verify that in those cases, consent has been given by the person with parental responsibility for the Minor. Until the parent or legal guardian has given all the necessary Data to register on the Register and has given consent on behalf of the Minor, the latter will not be able to register on the websites and apps for smartphones and tablet dedicated to Adrenalyn.
The provision of Personal Data and its processing for
security
-related purposes is based on (i) the interest of Panini in identifying and preventing illegal conduct and determining liability in the event of IT offenses against the Website, Panini or third parties, that compromise the availability, authenticity, completeness, accuracy and confidentiality of the Personal Data retained or transmitted and, therefore on (ii) your interest in identifying and performing appropriate checks on any fraudulent accesses or illegal deeds carried out using the profile that you created on the Website.
E- Personal Data Sharing
The Personal Data will be made known to the Panini staff in charge of the development and management of the Register and Website that is authorized to process them for the purpose of achieving the aforementioned purposes and who are committed to confidentiality or otherwise have received an appropriate legal obligation to confidentiality.
Personal Data may be shared, used and transferred within the companies belonging to the Panini group for accounting and administrative purposes.
Personal Data will be made known to third parties, appointed as Data Processors, as they process Data on behalf of Panini (for example, companies responsible for managing and processing sales orders, suppliers with whom it is necessary to interact for the
Service Provision
such as hosting providers, platform providers for sending e-mails or, again, suppliers who perform technical maintenance activities including the maintenance of network equipment and electronic communications networks).
Personal Data may be shared with third parties with whom Panini has ongoing contractual relationships concerning services functional to the performance of the activity (such as audit firms, persons, companies or professional firms that provide assistance and advice on the subject, administrative, legal, tax, financial relating to the provision of the Services).
Finally, Personal Data will be communicated when requested to the competent taxation offices, or to other public bodies, according to the provisions of the laws in force.
Further information regarding the Data Processors is available by writing to Panini at the following e-mail address:
webprivacy@panini.it
Personal Data is not intended for publication or dissemination.
F- Personal Data Transfer
Given the international presence of Panini, some of your Personal Data may be shared with recipients, described in the previous section, located in countries that are not members of the European Economic Area. Such Data transfers will be the subject of adequate guarantees, including adequacy decisions and Standard Contract Clauses approved by the European Commission, in combination with the adoption of additional legal, technical and organizational measures or other guarantees intended to protect the Personal Data adequately, in accordance with the related European regulations.
More information is available by writing to Panini at the following address:
webprivacy@panini.it
G- Personal Data Retention
The Personal Data processed for the purpose of
Services Provision & Contractual Obligations
will be retained by Panini for the time strictly necessary for the execution of the requested service and for the correct execution of the contractual relationship with you. As this Personal Data is processed to provide you with the Services and allow the execution of the contractual relationship, Panini may keep them for a longer period, in particular for what may be necessary in order to protect the interests of Panini against possible claims arising from the
Services Provision
.
Panini also specifies that the authentication credentials for the Register will be valid for a period of 54 months from the Minor's last access to the websites and apps for smartphones and tablet dedicated to the sepcific activated Adrenalyn (the logic is based on the fact that the storage time of the Minor's credentials to access the websites and applications is 54 months), if at the end of that period the Minor is still underage. Otherwise, the authentication credentials will remain valid until the month after the Minor reaches 18 years of age. At the end of that period, the data will be made anonymous.
Your requests, and the data contained in them, collected via the Customer Service or Contact area on the website will be maintained for one year from the closure of the request in order to allow Panini to handle any additional requests received after closure. At the end of this period the Data that permit the identification, even indirect, of a physical person (such as name, surname, e-mail) will be made anonymous and maintained, only in the form of aggregated data, for statistical purposes.
Personal Data processed for inclusion on the Register of Parents/Guardians and to give consent on behalf of the Minor will be retained for up to 6 months from the date on which your child or ward reaches the 18 years of age. At the end of such period, any Data that enables identification (even indirectly) will be rendered anonymous and retained solely in aggregated form for statistical purposes.
On the first day of the month in which a child for whom you are the guardian reaches the age established by the law for autonomously giving consent to the processing of their Personal Data, Panini will send you a communication informing you that from the beginning of the month following receipt of the e-mail, the consent given by you on behalf of the child will no longer be valid and they will be invited to express consent to the processing of their Personal Data the next time they log in. An e-mail containing an indication of this procedure will also be sent to them.
Panini will store the Personal Data processed for the purpose of Security for the time strictly required for the aforementioned purpose and, therefore, until Panini is obliged to keep it to safeguard itself in court to give that Data to the competent authorities.
H- Data Subject Rights
At any time you are entitled, as Data subject, to:
request access to your Personal Data, (and/or a copy of such Personal Data), as well as further information on the current treatment of them;
request the correction or updating of your Personal Data processed by Panini, where they are incomplete or out of date;
request the deletion of your Personal Data from the Panini databases, where you deem the processing unnecessary or illegitimate;
request the limitation of the processing of your Personal Data by Panini, where you believe that your Personal Information is not correct, necessary or is unlawfully processed, or if you had opposed its processing;
exercise the right to data portability, i.e. to obtain a copy of the Personal Data supplied to Panini that relates to you in a structured format, for common use and readable by an automatic device, or to request transmission to another Data Controller;
oppose the processing of your Personal Data, using a legal basis relating to your particular situation, which you believe should prevent Panini from processing your Personal Data;
Please note that the Personal Data you provided to Panini may be changed at any time, by logging in to the Register with his/her own authentication credentials or by writing to:
webprivacy@panini.it
. You may exercise the above rights by means of the methods indicated above.
If the information provided by you is not sufficient to identify you unambiguously and / or with a sufficient degree of certainty, taking into account the specific type of right exercised (such as, in particular, those of access, copy and cancellation), Panini will request further information from you as required by specific regulatory provisions regarding the protection of personal data. In the event that Panini detects the absence or lack of suitable data to identify you and therefore there are reasonable doubts about your identity, Panini may then ask you to provide a copy of an identification document or any additional information deemed useful for your identification. In the event that you provide such a document, personal details such as your first and last name and your address should be clear in order to be able to identify you correctly, while any other information such as your photo or any other personal characteristics not necessary for identification should be removed or obscured before sending. We specify that our use of the information on your identity document is strictly limited to fully accounting for your request: in fact, such Data will be used only to verify your identity and will not be kept for longer than necessary for this purpose.
Panini also informs you that you always have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent Supervisory Authority (for example that of the State in which you have your habitual residence, in Italy the Guarantor for the Protection of Personal Data) if you believe that the processing of your data is contrary to the legislation in the field of personal data protection actually applicable.
Lastly, to understand clearly the purposes for which the Data of the Minor is processed, please read carefully the entire Privacy Policy for the specific Adrenalyn service that the Minor intends to activate.
Copa America Digital Collection 2024
Adrenalyn XL™ SuperLeague Greece 2025
FIFA World Cup Qatar 2022™ Adrenalyn XL™
Adrenalyn XL™ Liga 2024 -2025
Adrenalyn XL™ Calciatori 2024-25
Adrenalyn XL™ Premier League 2025
Adrenalyn XL™ FOOT 2025
Adrenalyn XL™ Panini FIFA 365 2025
I- Amendments to the "Privacy Policy for Adrenalyn XL™"
This Privacy Policy version 1.3. is effective from August 1st, 2024. Panini reserves the right to modify or simply update its content, in part or completely, also due to changes in the applicable legislation. Panini will be able to inform you of these changes as soon as they are introduced and they will be binding as soon as they are published on the Website. Panini invites you to visit this section regularly to get to know the most recent and updated version of the Privacy Policy in order to be always updated on the Personal Data collected and on the use that Panini makes of them.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.sap.com/italy/about/legal/privacy.html:
Per la corretta visualizzazione della pagina è necessario che Javascript sia abilitato
Vai al contenuto
Contatta SAP Italia
Home
SAP
Informativa sulla privacy SAP
/
SAP
Informativa sulla privacy SAP
Informativa SAP sulla privacy
Data di Inizio Efficacia: 1. gennaio 2025
Visualizzare la versione precedente
Ti diamo il benvenuto!
Proteggere la privacy dell’utente di Internet è cruciale per offrire vere prospettive commerciali a chi opera in rete e fondamentale per permettere il passaggio a una reale economia in rete. Abbiamo creato la presente Informativa Sulla Privacy a riprova del nostro fermo impegno a tutela del diritto alla protezione dei dati e alla privacy di ogni individuo. Essa illustra la modalità in cui l’azienda gestisce le informazioni che possono essere utilizzate per identificare direttamente o indirettamente un utente (i “Dati Personali”).
Rispettando il tempo dell’utente ed al fine di fornire l’accesso più rapido possibile ai relativi passaggi dell’informativa sulla privacy, offriamo il seguente riepilogo.
Riepilogo
L’informativa privacy è finalizzata ad illustrare
quali dati personali vengono trattati
da SAP,
chi
utilizza
i dati personali,
per
quali finalità
, per
quanto tempo,
e illustra
i diritti dell’utente
nel presente contesto.
Chi raccoglie e tratta i dati personali dell’utente?
Tali operazioni sono effettuate da SAP, nella forma del rispettivo soggetto giuridico, SAP SE corrente in Walldorf, Germania o l’altro membro del gruppo legale delle società SAP. L’Informativa sulla Privacy SAP descrive in dettaglio quali attività di trattamento di quale membro del gruppo SAP troveranno applicazione.
SAP elabora informazioni, compresi i dati personali degli utenti di sap.com, utilizzando cookie o tecnologie simili per le finalità indicate nella
Informativa Cookie
. Ulteriori informazioni e la possibilità di esercitare le proprie preferenze sono disponibili facendo clic sul link Preferenze cookie nel piè di pagina di questa pagina.
Quali dati personali vengono raccolti da SAP?
Nello svolgimento della propria attività, SAP può raccogliere diverse tipologie di dati personali relativi a voi, ivi compresi:
dati personali di contatto,
dati personali connessi al rapporto commerciale intrattenuto con SAP da voi o dal vostro datore di lavoro,
dati personali che SAP deve raccogliere in ragione di finalità legate all’osservanza delle norme,
dati di utilizzo personale, registrazione e partecipazione che SAP potrà generare attraverso le sue offerte web e online,
categorie particolari di dati personali,
dati personali connessi all’applicazione
dati personali che SAP potrà ricevere da terze parti,
dati personali di cui SAP ha bisogno per assicurarsi della soddisfazione vostra e del vostro datore di lavoro relativamente ai nostri prodotti, servizi ed offerte.
Per quale(i) finalità SAP tratta i vostri dati personali?
SAP
tratta i dati personali dell’utente al fine di:
coltivare i propri rapporti commerciali con l’utente, il suo datore di lavoro, o i clienti del suo datore di lavoro, ivi compreso l’assicurarsi della sua soddisfazione e il tenerlo aggiornato sugli ultimi annunci di prodotti e servizi,
sviluppare ed offrire i propri prodotti software, cloud e di altra tipologia,
proteggere la qualità e la sicurezza delle proprie strutture, locali, prodotti o servizi,
salvaguardare e, se necessario, difendere i propri interessi legittimi contro attacchi illeciti, affermare i nostri diritti o difendere SAP da pretese giudiziarie,
assicurare l’osservanza con le norme di legge e regolamentare applicabili a SAP,
gestire le pagine internet, le offerte web o altri eventi online di SAP ivi compresa l’analisi del comportamento degli utenti, mettendovi nella condizione di creare un profilo utente, beneficiare di un servizio di identità e promuovere e migliorare costantemente la vostra esperienza utente,
inserirvi nella ricerca quale potenziale talento per SAP,
trasferire gli stessi a destinatari quali altri membri del Gruppo SAP, fornitori di servizio terzi, partner SAP ed altri.
Nel caso in cui l’utente desideri avere maggiori informazioni su ciascuna delle suddette finalità per le quali SAP può raccogliere, trasferire ed utilizzare i suoi dati personali ivi compreso
il periodo
in cui i dati sono custoditi e con particolare riguardo al Regolamento Generale sulla Protezione dei Dati (GDPR),
il fondamento giuridico
sulla base del quale SAP li sta perseguendo, fare riferimento al testo integrale dell’informativa privacy acclusa di seguito.
Quali sono i diritti dell’interessato?
All’utente
è riconosciuto il diritto di richiedere a SAP l’accesso a, la correzione di, e/o la restituzione o la cancellazione dei propri dati personali. Può richiedere a SAP la limitazione dell’accesso ai propri dati personali o di escluderli da ulteriori trattamenti. Può revocare un consenso già accordato o opporsi alle attività di trattamento che SAP potrà decidere di mettere in pratica in un dato caso. Nel caso in cui ritenga che SAP stesse trattando i suoi dati personali in maniera non conforme con la presente informativa privacy o in violazione della normativa sulla protezione dei dati, dispone del diritto di proporre reclamo all’autorità di vigilanza competente. L’Informativa sulla Privacy SAP fornisce una descrizione dettagliata di ciascuno di tali diritti, ivi compresa la modalità in cui l’utente può contattarci per esercitare uno qualunque dei siffatti diritti nei confronti di SAP e delle modalità con cui identificare, qualora si renda necessario, l’autorità di vigilanza competente.
Nella clausola di chiusura di cui innanzi, SAP affronta diverse
problematiche specifiche per stato
che dovranno essere illustrate in un’informativa privacy ai sensi della normativa locale applicabile. I requisiti specifici per stato comprendono, senza limitarsi ad essi, gli obblighi in vigore nella UE e nello SEE, in Australia, Brasile, Canada, Colombia, Arabia Saudita, Malesia, Nuova Zelanda, le Filippine, Singapore, Sudafrica, Cora del Sud, Tailandia e negli Stati Uniti d’America.
Informativa SAP sulla privacy
Qual è il membro del Gruppo SAP responsabile
La presente informativa sulla privacy si applica alla raccolta ed al trattamento dei dati personali:
nel corso dell’esecuzioni delle attività centrali del presente sito e di altre attività commerciali di SAP a livello globale da parte di
SAP SE
, corrente in Dietmar-Hopp-Allee 16 Walldorf 69190, Repubblica Federale di Germania se l’utente si trova in uno degli stati membri dell’UE o dello SSE o in uno stato qualsiasi tra Andorra, Isole Faroe, Guernsey, Isola di Man, Jersey, Svizzera, Regno Unito o da parte di
SAP America Inc.
, 3809 West Chester Pike, Suite 200, Newtown Square, PA 19073, USA qualora sia in qualunque altro stato, ovvero
un membro specifico del gruppo SAP
come potrà essere specificato nelle Disposizioni Nazionali e Regionali Specifiche Accessorie di cui in calce alla presente Informativa Privacy.
Nell’ambito di un rapporto commerciale pre-contrattuale o contrale con l’utente o il suo datore di lavoro da parte di
un membro locale del gruppo SAP
Nell’ambito di un modulo di registrazione allorquando un
membro specifico del Gruppo SAP
sta raccogliendo direttamente dati personali per la finalità di registrazione ad un servizio o evento e viene pertanto presentato quale titolare nella presente pagina di registrazione o sito mediante il riferimento alla presente informativa privacy.
SAP America Inc., SAP SE e un qualsiasi membro del gruppo SAP interessato saranno, a seconda dei casi, indicati in prosieguo con “SAP”.
La presente informativa privacy non si applica alle pagine internet o ai servizi web SAP che presentino la loro specifica Informativa sulla Privacy.
Per quali finalità i Dati Personali dell’utente sono trattati da SAP e per quale fondamento giuridico?
A seconda della normativa applicabile, deve essere presente una ragione per il trattamento dei dati personali, che talvolta viene definito fondamento giuridico. Di seguito sono forniti i dettagli relativi sia alle finalità del trattamento sia al relativo fondamento giuridico.
Osservanza alle obbligazioni di legge da parte di SAP
SAP tratta i dati personali dei soggetti al fine di garantire un livello adeguato di sicurezza tecnica organizzativa relativamente ai prodotti, servizi, eventi online, strutture di SAP. A tal fine, SAP adotterà le misure necessarie a verificare o a mantenere la qualità e la sicurezza di un prodotto o servizio che sia di proprietà di, prodotto da o per conto di, o controllato da SAP. Quanto sopra potrà comprendere l’utilizzo dei dati personali per raggiungere un grado sufficiente di identificazione ed autorizzazione degli utenti designati, il controllo interno di qualità a mezzo di audit, analisi, e ricerca, debugging per l’identificazione e la riparazione degli errori che pregiudichino funzionalità esistenti o desiderate, la sicurezza dell’account e della rete, la replicazione per la prevenzione delle perdite, rilevazione degli incidenti di sicurezza, la protezione contro attività maliziose, ingannevoli, fraudolente o illegali, e la persecuzione delle persone responsabili di siffatte attività. La società potrà inoltre trattare nominativo, likeness ed altri dati relativi a contatti o relativi all’osservanza delle norme contestualmente alla visita di un’affiliata o un laboratorio SAP nel contesto della gestione degli accessi e della sorveglianza video per la protezione della sicurezza delle nostre strutture e risorse. SAP può trattare i dati personali per creare serie di dati anonimizzati che possono essere utilizzati per salvaguardare e proteggere i sistemi SAP, compresi i dati, le apparecchiature, le strutture e le reti.
SAP tratta i Dati Personali (nome, cognome, paese, indirizzo IP) nella misura in cui ciò è necessario per adempiere agli obblighi di legge previsti dalla normativa dello Spazio economico europeo (“SEE”) a cui SAP è soggetta, nonché da leggi e regolamenti extraterritoriali dello SEE (per legittimo interesse di SAP).
SAP e i suoi prodotti, tecnologie e servizi sono soggetti alle leggi sulle esportazioni di vari paesi, comprese quelle dell’Unione Europea e di ciascuno dei suoi Stati Membri e degli Stati Uniti. La normativa sull’esportazione applicabile, le sanzioni commerciali e gli embarghi decisi da tali stati obbligano SAP a precludere l’accesso di organizzazioni, soggetti giuridici ed altre parti compresi negli elenchi dei soggetti a sanzioni a determinati prodotti, tecnologie e servizi emessi dai governi mediante i siti web di SAP o altri canali di consegna (ad esempio gli Elenchi delle Sanzioni dell’Unione Europea, gli elenchi delle sanzioni degli Stati Uniti ivi compreso il Bureau of Industry and Security’s (BIS) Denied Persons Lists (DPL), il Office of Foreign Assets Control’s (OFAC) Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List (SDN-List) ed il US DOCs Bureau of Industry and Security’s Entity Lists e le Sanzioni del Consiglio di Sicurezza delle Nazioni Unite) SAP tratta i dati personali nella misura necessaria all’osservanza di tali obblighi di legge. Nello specifico, SAP tratta i dati personali per eseguire controlli automatizzati dei contenuti degli elenchi delle parti soggette a sanzioni, per ripetere regolarmente tali controlli ogni volta che un elenco dei soggetti a sanzioni viene aggiornato o quando un utente aggiorna le proprie informazioni. In caso di un riscontro potenziale, SAP bloccherà l’accesso ai servizi e sistemi di SAP e contatterà l’utente per confermare la sua identità.
Qualora si renda necessario, SAP utilizzerà i dati personali per prevenire o perseguire le attività criminali quali qualunque forma di crimine cibernetico, l’utilizzo illecito dei nostri prodotto e servizi o i comportamenti fraudolenti, per la difesa dei propri diritti e per proteggere SAP dall’eventualità di controversie giudiziarie.
Per l’osservanza alla normativa sulla protezione dei dati e sulla concorrenza sleale. A seconda dello stato in cui la società del Gruppo SAP opera, e nel caso in cui l'utente ha espressamente dato il proprio consenso o ha richiesto di non ricevere più informazioni commerciali, SAP potrà trattare i dati personali necessari al soddisfacimento delle scelte relative alla ricezione di tali informazioni, e, ove ciò si renda necessario per assicurare l’osservanza, scambiare tali informazioni con gli altri soggetti appartenenti al Gruppo SAP.
Nell’assicurare l’osservanza alle norme, SAP tratta i dati personali se e nella misura in cui ciò è necessario per adempiere agli obblighi di legge previsti dalla normativa dell'Unione Europea o degli Stati membri dell'UE a cui SAP è soggetta, nonché da leggi e regolamenti extraterritoriali dell'UE (interesse legittimo a conformarsi a leggi e regolamenti extraterritoriali).
Gestione dei Servizi SAP da parte di SAP
SAP tratta i dati personali con la finalità di gestire, fornire ai soggetti e a consentire l’utilizzo delle pagine internet, delle offerte web ed altri eventi online di SAP. Ciò può includere, senza limitazioni:
fornire i servizi e le funzionalità web, creare ed amministrare l’account online dell’utente, aggiornare, mettere in sicurezza, identificare i problemi del servizio, fornire supporto, migliorare e sviluppare il servizio web, rispondere e soddisfare le vostre richieste o istruzioni.
trattare le informazioni relative alla visita dell’utente alle offerte web per migliorare l’esperienza utente, identificare la domanda individuale e per personalizzare le modalità in cui vengono fornite le informazioni ricercate. A tal fine, raccogliamo informazioni senza riguardo per il fatto che venga registrato o meno un profilo utente.
condividere alcuni dati personali, tra cui il nome, la società e l’indirizzo e-mail, con gli altri partecipanti all’evento, seminario o webinar, per promuovere interazione tra i partecipanti ed allo scopo di favorire la comunicazione e lo scambio di idee.
gestire e garantire la sicurezza dei nostri servizi web e per prevenire e individuare minacce alla sicurezza, attività fraudolente, illecite o dannose e nella misura ragionevolmente necessaria per garantire l’osservanza dei termini e condizioni dei servizi web, per promuovere iniziative giudiziali o difendersi in giudizio, per prevenire le frodi o altre attività illecite, ivi compresi gli attacchi ai nostri sistemi informatici.
La registrazione e la creazione di un profilo utente per l’utilizzo di determinate offerte web connesse a siti web di SAP, ivi compresi i forum, i blog ed i network (ad es la Community SAP). I profili utente sono funzionali a personalizzare le interazioni tra utenti (ad esempio per mezzo della messaggistica e della funzionalità “seguimi) e consentire a SAP di migliorare la qualità delle comunicazioni e la collaborazione tramite siffatte offerte. Le impostazioni di profilo della relativa offerta web permette all'utente di determinare quali informazioni condividere. Per mezzo del profilo, l'utente può condividere informazioni personali con altri utenti, quali il nome, la fotografia, gli account dei social media, il recapito postale e di posta elettronica o entrambi, il recapito telefonico, gli interessi personali, le competenze e le informazioni di base sulla propria azienda.
Per creare un profilo
utente che potrà essere specifico per una singola offerta web di SAP, ma permette altresì all'utente di accedere ad altre offerte web di SAP o di altri soggetti appartenenti al Gruppo SAP. La scelta di utilizzare una di tali offerte web supplementari spetta a voi. In caso positivo, SAP metterà a disposizione i dati personali a siffatta altra offerta web per garantire l’accesso iniziale. In assenza del consenso dell’utente, SAP non potrà creare detti profili e offrire i servizi per i quali la legge vigente presuppone il consenso espresso.
Nella gestione dei servizi web di SAP, quest’ultima tratta i dati personali nel caso e nella misura in cui,
SAP ha ottenuto il consenso, se richiesto dalla legge, a trattare i dati personali per tale finalità,
necessario, per adempiere alle obbligazioni (pre-) contrattuali assunte nei vostri confronti,
necessario per adempiere alle obbligazioni di legge applicabili a SAP,
necessario per perseguire l’interesse legittimo di SAP all’esercizio e alla gestione efficiente dei servizi web di SAP e alla promozione delle iniziative e alla difesa in giudizio.
Riteniamo che l’interesse di SAP nel perseguimento di tali finalità commerciali sia legittimo e pertanto i diritti personali dell’utente e il suo interesse ad impedire il trattamento non valgono ad annullarlo. In ciascuno di tali casi, prendiamo debitamente in considerazione per il nostro giudizio di bilanciamento: la finalità commerciale ragionevolmente perseguita da SAP nel caso di specie, le categorie, la quantità e la sensibilità dei dati personali che devono essere necessariamente trattati, il livello di protezione dei dati personali del cliente che viene garantito a mezzo delle nostre politiche, linee guida e processi generali di protezione dei dati, e i diritti a disposizione degli utenti in relazione all’attività di trattamento.
Ricerca di relazioni commerciali di SAP
SAP tratta i dati personali per portare avanti i propri rapporti commerciali con clienti, partner ed altri utenti per il soddisfacimento di relazioni commerciali pre-contrattuali e contrattuali. Quanto sopra potrà comprendere il soddisfacimento di richieste, la gestione degli ordini, la consegna di un prodotto o servizio ordinato, o ogni eventuale altra azione utile ad a stabilire, coltivare e mantenere i nostri rapporti commerciali, ivi compreso:
Prodotti e servizi:
Possono comprendere qualunque prodotto software on-premise e cloud, servizi web, app, forum online, webinar ed eventi, newsletter non connesse al marketing, white paper, tutorial, attività di formazione, così come altre offerte come concorsi o lotterie. Nel caso in cui l’utente acquisti o intenda acquistare prodotti o servizi da SAP per conto di un cliente corporate o qualora funga da referente designato dal cliente corporate (un “Referente del cliente”) per gli scopi del rapporto commerciale intrattenuto con SAP, SAP utilizzerà i Dati Personali dell’utente per la suddetta finalità. Più nello specifico, SAP potrà utilizzare i dati personali per confermare l’apertura di un account, gestire l’esecuzione del contratto, inviare le comunicazioni di legge, gli avvisi di pagamento e altre informazioni relative ai prodotti e servizi. SAP potrà rispondere alle relative domande, fornire il supporto necessario ed elaborare i feedback. Nell’ambito dell’utilizzo dei suoi prodotti e servizi da parte dell'utente o del suo datore di lavoro, SAP potrà comunicare a mezzo posta, email, live chat, moduli di contatto, telefono o altri mezzi per rispondere ai quesiti o alle lamentele dell’utente o di un cliente o per indagare su transazioni sospette. In caso di chiamate telefoniche o sessioni di chat, SAP potrà registrate tali chiamate o sessioni chat al fine di migliorare la qualità dei servizi SAP dopo averne dato apposita informazione nel corso di tale chiamata, e ai sensi della normativa applicabile, avere ricevuto il relativo consenso prima dell’avvio della registrazione.
Sviluppo di prodotti e servizi:
Nell'ambito di un rapporto commerciale esistente tra l'utente o il suo datore di lavoro e SAP, SAP può trattare i dati personali dell'utente a fini di ricerca interna, dimostrazione e sviluppo tecnologico e per aiutare SAP a creare, sviluppare, gestire, fornire, migliorare, aggiornare o potenziare i prodotti e i servizi SAP. SAP potrà trattare i dati personali per creare data set anonimi che potranno quindi essere impiegati per il miglioramento dei prodotti e servizi SAP.
Soddisfazione dei clienti:
Nell’ambito di un rapporto commerciale esistente tra l'utente o il suo datore di lavoro e SAP, quest’ultima tratterà i dati personali dell’utente per comprendere il grado di soddisfazione relativo alla funzionalità e la qualità dei propri prodotti e servizi, per fornire informazioni relative agli ultimi annunci di prodotto, aggiornamenti o upgrade di software, eventi, offerte speciali ed altre informazioni relative al software ed i servizi di SAP che abbiano rilevanza ed utilità per il soggetto.
Aggiornare l’utente:
In virtù del rapporto commerciale esistente tra SAP e l'utente e il proprio datore di lavoro, SAP tratta i dati personali per informare i soggetti sugli eventi, prodotti o servizi SAP che siano analoghi o riferiti ai beni e servizi SAP già acquistati o utilizzati dall'utente o dal suo datore di lavoro. SAP informerà l’utente per posta, e-mail, telefono o altri mezzi elettronici di tali notizie se SAP ha raccolto tali informazioni nel contesto del rapporto commerciale o le ha ottenute da una fonte pubblicamente disponibile, nella misura in cui ciò è consentito dalla legge o l’utente abbia acconsentito. L’utente è legittimato ad opporsi in ogni momento all’utilizzo da parte di SAP per tali finalità selezionando l’opzione di recesso in calce ad ogni eventuale comunicazione di contato relativa connessa alle attività di marketing.
Richiesta di feedback, questionari e sondaggi:
Nella misura ammessa dalla normativa applicabile, SAP potrà prendere contatti con i soggetti per ottenere un parere sul miglioramento del materiale, prodotto o servizio fruito. SAP potrà inoltre invitare l'utente a prendere parte a questionari ed indagini di mercato. Questi saranno in generale progettati in modo che i soggetti potranno prendervi parte senza essere costretti a fornire informazioni che li identifichino come partecipanti. Se l’utente dovesse comunque fornire dati personali in risposta ad un questionario o indagine di mercato, SAP li utilizzerà per migliorare i propri prodotti e servizi.
Per restare in contatto:
Per stabilire nuovi rapporti commerciali tra SAP e l’utente o il proprio datore di lavoro, SAP tratta i dati personali per informare su eventi, prodotti o servizi SAP che hanno un collegamento sostanziale o materiale con il ruolo o la funzione dell’utente nella sua organizzazione. Potremo anche prendere contatti per discutere ulteriormente l’interesse nei prodotti e servizi di SAP. SAP contatterà l’utente per posta, e-mail, telefono o altri mezzi elettronici se quest’ultimo ha acconsentito a tale uso, o se SAP ha ottenuto i dati personali da una fonte pubblicamente disponibile, come consentito dalla legge, o per rivolgersi all’utente per ottenere un ulteriore consenso. L’utente è legittimato ad opporsi in ogni momento all’utilizzo da parte di SAP per tali finalità selezionando l’opzione di recesso in calce ad ogni eventuale comunicazione di contato relativa connessa alle attività di marketing.
Personalizzazione dei contenuti
:
SAP tratta le informazioni relative alle interazioni con SAP che si verifichino nelle sue diverse aree commerciali e le sue offerte (l’utilizzo precedente e corrente da parte dell'utente e del suo datore di lavoro dei prodotti o servizi SAP, la partecipazione e l’utilizzo delle offerte web, eventi, white paper prove gratuite o newsletter di SAP) per fornire ai soggetti i prodotti e servizi richiesti e per migliorare le comunicazioni personali dell’azienda con il soggetto. Tali dati possono essere inoltre impiegati per gestire in maniera efficiente le attività di SAP, ivi compreso anche: l’automatizzazione e l’aggregazione dei dati a supporto di varie attività analitiche e statistiche, l’analisi di rendimento e predittiva e lo studio sperimentale dei dati a supporto del percorso di cliente e per il soddisfacimento di tali richieste. Nella misura permessa dalla legge, SAP potrà combinare ed utilizzare tali informazioni in forma aggregata per facilitare la comprensione degli interessi e delle esigenze commerciali del soggetto, per lo sviluppo delle strategie di business insight e di marketing, e per creare, sviluppare, fornire e migliorare le comunicazioni personalizzate. Ciò potrà essere inoltre impiegato da SAP per mostrare contenuti rilevanti sui siti web di SAP o di terze parti.
ID Pubblicitari
:
A condizione che l'utente presti il proprio consenso e nella misura ammessa dalla normativa applicabile, SAP potrà creare un hashed ID utente da fornire a social network operati da terzi o altre offerte web (quali X, LinkedIn, Facebook, Instagram o Google). Tali informazioni vengono quindi accoppiate ai database utenti di terzi per mostrare i contenuti SAP più rilevanti.
Nell'ambito dello svolgimento delle proprie relazioni commerciali, comprese le attività di marketing diretto e di vendita, SAP potrà trattare i dati personali se e nella misura in cui:
il contratto o il rapporto precontrattuale riguarda una società o un'altra persona giuridica e se SAP tratta i dati personali in qualità di contatto con il cliente ed è necessario
per adempiere agli obblighi (pre)contrattuali (interesse legittimo ad eseguire o gestire in modo efficiente le operazioni commerciali di SAP),
per mantenere i rapporti commerciali con l’utente, assicurarsi la sua soddisfazione come utente o rappresentante del cliente, per mappare le strutture interne di gruppo interessate e per raggruppare le attività commerciali relative presso fonti centrali nell’ambito del Gruppo SAP per la loro gestione uniforme e per fornire allo stesso le informazioni relative ad altri prodotti e servizi SAP quali indicati dall’interesse o dalle esigenze dell’utente che possono anche comprendere la combinazione relativa all’utente da diverse fonti (profiling) (interesse legittimo a mantenere ed eseguire processi commerciali intelligenti e sostenibili in una struttura di gruppo ottimizzata per la divisione della forza lavoro e nel perseguimento del miglior interesse dei nostri dipendenti, clienti, partner e soci e a coltivare un rapporto commerciale sostenibile con i clienti e i partner SAP).
Quando forniamo informazioni su altri prodotti e servizi SAP, possiamo inviarle all’indirizzo e-mail dell’utente, a condizione che (i) abbiamo ricevuto l’indirizzo e-mail in relazione all'acquisto dei nostri prodotti o servizi, (ii) l’utente non si sia opposto all'uso del proprio indirizzo e-mail per la pubblicità diretta e (iii) informiamo l’utente in ogni modo, in qualsiasi momento, che può opporsi al nostro uso del suo indirizzo e-mail per scopi di marketing. Possiamo anche inviare tali informazioni con altri mezzi elettronici (ad esempio, telefono, SMS, MMS) nella misura in cui ciò sia consentito dalla legge applicabile o dal consenso esplicito o presunto.
Serviamo o manteniamo i nostri rapporti commerciali con l’utente, assicuriamo la sua soddisfazione come utente o rappresentanti dei clienti, e/o forniamo informazioni su altri prodotti e servizi SAP come indicato dalla richiesta o dall’interesse dell’utente (necessario per l'esecuzione di un contratto e/o interesse legittimo per gestire rapporti commerciali sostenibili con clienti e partner SAP).
Operiamo per stabilire un nuovo rapporto commerciale con l’utente o con il proprio datore di lavoro e abbiamo ricevuto il consenso all'utilizzo dei propri dati personali da parte di SAP per tale scopo di marketing o (i) l’azienda ha ricevuto l’indirizzo email dell’utente da una fonte pubblicamente disponibile, (ii) l’utente non ha espresso la propria opposizione all’utilizzo del proprio indirizzo email per finalità di direct advertising e (iii) l’azienda ha informato l’utente in occasione di ciascun contatto della sua possibilità di opporsi all’utilizzo del proprio indirizzo email per finalità di marketing in ogni momento.
Qualora l’utente conceda a SAP il consenso all'utilizzo dei propri dati personali per fornire ulteriori informazioni su prodotti e servizi SAP (consenso generale al marketing), SAP tratterà i dati personali come indicato nella clausola precedente.
Categorie di Dati Personali trattate da SAP
SAP tratta diverse tipologie di dati personali relativi alle persone con cui interagisce nello svolgimento delle proprie attività e nella gestione delle sue molteplici presenze sul web e su altri canali. A seconda del caso specifico, questo potrà comprendere le seguenti tipologie di dati personali:
Dati del referente aziendale:
SAP tratta le seguenti categorie di dati personali come dati di contatto: nome, cognome, indirizzo email, indirizzo/luogo (stato, provincia, città), numeri telefonici, e i dati storici del rapporto con SAP.
Dati personali relativi al rapporto commerciale con SAP:
Nell’ambito dei rapporti commerciali consolidati, SAP tratta la denominazione del partner commerciale, il settore di appartenenza, la qualifica del soggetto, il suo dipartimento e mansione e i dati storici del rapporto dell’azienda con SAP. Se l’utente fornisce un numero di carta di credito o appoggio bancario per l’ordinazione di prodotti o servizi, SAP raccoglierà dette informazioni per evadere l’ordine dei prodotti o servizi e il relativo pagamento.
Norme sui dati personali:
Qualora previsto dalla normativa di legge o regolamentare, SAP potrà trattare categorie di dati quali la data di nascita, i titoli accademici, le carte di identità o gli estremi di altri documenti, la geolocalizzazione, informazioni rilevanti sul partner commerciale circa ad es., controversie o altri procedimenti giudiziari significativi, e altre informazioni connesse alle norme sul controllo delle esportazioni o doganali.
Dati generati mediante l’utilizzo delle, o la partecipazione da parte dell'utente alle pagine internet, web o offerte online di SAP:
Dati di utilizzo:
SAP tratta determinate informazioni connesse all’utente, ad esempio dati riguardanti il browser, il sistema operativo o l’indirizzo IP contestualmente alla visita delle risorse web di SAP. L’azienda tratta altresì informazioni relative all’utilizzo delle offerte web da parte dell’utente, quali le pagine visitate, il tempo dedicato ad una pagina, la pagina da cui si è giunti alla pagina e i link ai siti dell’azienda che vengono selezionati.
Dati di registrazione:
SAP può trattare i dati di contatto di cui sopra e le altre informazioni che l'utente potrà fornire direttamente a SAP in caso di registrazione ad eventuali eventi o altre offerte web di SAP.
Dati di partecipazione:
All’atto della partecipazione ai webinar, seminari web, eventi o altre offerte web SAP, quest’ultima potrà trattare le interazioni dell'utente con il relativo servizio web al fine di organizzare l’evento ivi comprese le sue sessioni, sondaggi, questionari o altre interazioni tra SAP e/o i suoi partecipanti. A seconda dell’evento e a condizione che ai partecipanti venga inviata una notifica, SAP potrà raccogliere registrazioni audiovisive dell’evento o della sessione.
Categorie particolari di Dati Personali:
In relazione alla registrazione di un evento, SAP potrebbe richiedere delle informazioni sulle preferenze alimentari o sulle possibili disabilità degli ospiti per la loro salute e benessere. L’eventuale raccolta di tali informazioni presuppone in ogni caso il consenso dei partecipanti. Si prega di tenere conto del fatto che in caso di mancato conferimento delle informazioni relative alle preferenze alimentari, SAP potrebbe non essere in condizioni di soddisfare tali richieste al momento dell’evento.
Dati personali ricevuti in occasione di una candidatura per una posizione lavorativa presso SAP:
SAP tratta i dati personali dei candidati ad un posto di lavoro presso SAP ai sensi dell’informativa sulla privacy del
SAP Career Portal.
Dati personali necessari per la soddisfazione del cliente:
Nella misura ammessa dalla legge o a seguito del consenso dell’utente, SAP potrà combinare le informazioni raccolte in via diretta o indiretta con riguardo a specifici utenti per assicurare la completezza e la correttezza dei dati e per aiutarci a meglio personalizzare le interazioni e determinare le informazioni che sia adattano meglio ai rispettivi interessi o esigenze.
Da quali tipologie di dati terze parti SAP ottiene i Dati Personali?
SAP tende in via generale a raccogliere i dati personali direttamente dai soggetti interessati. Se viene richiesto di fornire dati personali a SAP e questi non vengono forniti, SAP potrebbe non essere in grado di fornire il servizio e/o il rapporto commerciale richiesto. Qualora l’interessato presti il proprio consenso oppure la normativa applicabile lo consente, SAP potrà ottenere i dati personali anche da fonti terze. Le fonti esterne possono comprendere:
il datore di lavoro nell’ambito dei propri rapporti commerciali con SAP e/o i membri del Gruppo SAP.
terzi autorizzati dall’utente a condividere i Dati personali del medesimo con SAP.
fonti di terze parti e fonti a disposizione del pubblico come social network di natura commerciale o broker di informazioni.
Quando l’azienda raccoglie dati personali da fonti terze, prevediamo controlli interni finalizzati ad assicurarsi che la fonte terza era legittimata a fornire tale informazione a SAP e che l’azienda potrà impiegarla per tale scopo. SAP tratterà i Dati Personali così ottenuti conformemente a quanto indicato nell’Informativa sulla Privacy e in osservanza delle eventuali limitazioni imposte dal terzo che ha fornito i dati personali a SAP o previste dalla normativa locale.
Periodo di conservazione dei Dati Personali dell’utente da parte di SAP
SAP potrà conservare i dati personali dell’utente per periodi supplementari nella misura necessaria all’osservanza agli obblighi di legge per trattare i dati personali dell’utente oppure nel caso in cui SAP necessiti dei dati personali per promuovere o difendersi in controversie giudiziali. I Dati Personali dell’utente saranno conservati fino al termine del relativo periodo di custodia obbligatoria o fino a composizione della controversia.  SAP custodisce i dati personali solo per il tempo necessario a:
mettere a disposizione dell’utente i prodotti ed i servizi richiesti dallo stesso o dal suo datore di lavoro;
sviluppare prodotti o servizi fino a quando non sarà più necessario o SAP sarà informata che il rapporto dell’utente con il cliente SAP è cambiato;
soddisfare le legittime finalità commerciali di SAP quali ulteriormente descritte nella presente Informativa sulla Privacy salvo opposizione dell’utente all’utilizzo da parte di SAP dei suoi dati personali per tali finalità;
SAP per l’osservanza degli obblighi di legge relativi alla custodia dei dati stabiliti, tra l’altro con elencazione non esaustiva dalla normativa sull’esportazione, finanziaria, fiscale o commerciale;
fino alla revoca da parte dell’utente del consenso già concesso a SAP per trattamento dei propri personali.
A chi vengono comunicati i Dati Personali dell’utente?
Gruppo SAP:
I Membri del Gruppo SAP
possono anche ricevere o avere l’accesso ai dati personali quando essi rendono servizi interni al gruppo a livello centrale e per conto di SAP SE e gli altri soggetti appartenenti al gruppo SAP oppure quando i dati personali sono legittimamente trasferiti agli stessi. In tali casi, detti membri potranno trattare i Dati Personali per le stesse finalità e alle stesse condizioni previste dalla presente Informativa. Per ricevere informazioni su quale membro appartenente al gruppo SAP sia responsabile del rapporto commerciale con l’utente o il suo datore di lavoro è sufficiente prendere contatti all’indirizzo webmaster[@]sap.com.
Fornitori terzi di servizi:
SAP potrà incaricare fornitori terzi di servizi per il trattamento dei dati personali per conto di SAP, ad es., per servizi di consulenza o di altra natura, la fornitura del sito web, il soddisfacimento delle offerte provenienti da SAP o la consegna delle newsletter. A tali fornitori di servizi può essere concesso l’accesso ai dati personali nel corso dell'esecuzione dei propri servizi e fungeranno da destinatari nell’accezione di cui alla normativa sulla protezione dati applicabile, ivi compreso il GDPR.
Partner SAP:
Con il consenso dell’utente o come altrimenti indicato nella richiesta, ivi compresa l’esecuzione dei servizi ordinati, SAP potrà condividere i dati personali con società partner designate per fornire il prodotto o servizio richiesto.
Altri terzi:
SAP potrà trasferire i dati di registrazione dell’utente sulla base del consenso dello stesso o come altrimenti indicato nella richiesta a società elencate nella pagina di registrazione di un seminario, webinar o evento SAP. Tali società possono ricevere i dati di registrazione dell’utente in qualità di co-organizzatore o sponsor dell’evento ed utilizzeranno gli stessi per le finalità connesse alla loro partecipazione all’evento. Forniranno direttamente all’utente tutte le informazioni di legge relative alle loro finalità di trattamento e sulle modalità di esercizio dei diritti dell’utente.
Quali sono i diritti dell’utente relativi alla protezione dei dati e come può esercitarli?
SAP rispetta i diritti riconosciuti all’utente dalla legge per quanto riguarda il trattamento dei suoi dati personali. Nella misura prevista dalla normativa sulla protezione dei dati applicabile, l’utente ha diritto a:
Accedere ai suoi dati personali
da noi custoditi o di ottenere il loro aggiornamento.
Ottenere una copia dei dati personali
forniti a SAP, nel caso in cui SAP utilizzi i dati personali dell’utente sulla base del suo consenso o per adempiere ad un contratto con l’utente. La richiesta dovrà essere rivolta all’indirizzo e-mail webmaster[@]sap.com, indicando i relativi dati e le attività di trattamento, il formato in cui ricevere tali dati e specificando se i Dati Personali debbano essere inviati all’indirizzo dell’utente o ad altro destinatario. Dopo un attento esame della richiesta, SAP valuterà il modo migliore per soddisfare la richiesta.
Cancellare i propri dati personali
da noi custoditi. Si avverte tuttavia l’utente che SAP procederà all’eliminazione dei Dati Personali solo se non sussistono obblighi legali di conservazione o diritti prevalenti alla conservazione in capo a SAP. Qualora l’utente che chieda a SAP di eliminare i propri Dati Personali non può continuare a utilizzare i servizi SAP che presuppongono la disponibilità di tali Dati Personali.
Opporsi all’ulteriore trattamento dei propri dati personali da parte di SAP
se e nella misura in cui SAP tratti i dati personali dell’utente sulla base del proprio interesse legittimo. Nel caso in cui l’utente si opponga al trattamento da parte di SAP dei suoi dati personali, SAP cesserà di utilizzare dette informazioni tranne nell’ipotesi in cui sussista un suo interesse legittimo all’utilizzo di tali dati e siffatto interesse prevalga sull’opposizione, ovvero nel caso in cui SAP abbia bisogno delle informazioni per esercitare o difendere un suo diritto in sede giudiziaria.
Opporsi al direct marketing o all’applicazione della profilazione in relazione al direct marketing.
Allorquando l’utente si oppone al trattamento dei dati personali da parte di SAP per finalità di direct marketing, SAP dovrà cessare immediatamente il trattamento dei dati personali per siffatte finalità.
Revocare il consenso
, in ogni caso in cui SAP tratti i dati personali dell’utente sulla base del suo consenso, l’utente potrà revocare il proprio consenso in ogni momento disdicendo l’abbonamento o notificando la risoluzione. In caso di revoca, SAP non tratterà ulteriormente i dati personali soggetti a tale consenso salvo obbligo o permesso di legge (ad es. nel caso in cui i dati personali dell’utente sono necessari a SAP per la difesa in controversie legali). Se SAP è tenuta o autorizzata per legge a conservare i Dati Personali dell’utente, essi verranno conservati per i soli tempi previsti dalla normativa e saranno esclusi dai futuri trattamenti oppure per adempiere all’altra finalità. La revoca non ha valenza retroattiva sui trattamenti pregressi dei Dati Personali da parte di SAP. Inoltre, se l’offerta SAP utilizzata dall’utente presuppone il consenso dell’utente, a decorrere dalla revoca SAP non sarà (più) in grado di fornire lo specifico servizio, offerta o evento.
Non essere soggetto ad una decisione che si basi esclusivamente su mezzi automatizzati
, nel caso in cui la decisone produca effetti giuridici che interessano l’utente o che abbiano una rilevanza significativa in maniera simile.
Le richieste da parte di SAP volte ad una limitazione del trattamento dei Dati Personali dell’utente
nelle seguenti circostanze:
l’utente segnala a SAP l’erroneità dei propri Dati Personali,
dando a SAP il tempo necessario per verificarne l’accuratezza;
viene meno la base di legittimità per il trattamento dei Dati Personali dell’utente
e questi chiede di limitare l’ulteriore trattamento dei propri dati;
l’utente chiede a SAP di continuare a conservare i propri Dati Personali
allo scopo di promuovere o rispondere a pretese legali di terzi anche se non più necessari a SAP;
In caso di opposizione da pate dell’utente al trattamento da parte di SAP dei propri Dati Personali
per legittimo interesse di SAP (come precisato innanzi), purché permetta a SAP di determinare o meno la sussistenza di un interesse prevalente o obbligo legale al trattamento dei Dati Personali dell’utente.
Promuovere una doglianza
innanzi all’autorità di controllo competente nel caso in cui l’utente non sia soddisfatto delle modalità in cui SAP tratta i suoi dati personali. L'autorità di vigilanza competente può essere consultata nella sezione specifica del paese di seguito riportata.
A seconda della normativa locale applicabile in materia di protezione dei dati, i diritti dell'utente possono essere soggetti a deviazioni, limitazioni o eccezioni, come indicato di seguito nella sezione specifica del paese. Ricordiamo che SAP rispetta i diritti riconosciuti all’utente dalla normativa in materia di trattamento dei suoi dati personali nella misura prevista dalle leggi vigenti in materia di protezione dei dati.
Come esercitare i diritti previsti dalla normativa per la protezione dei dati.
L’utente che voglia far valere un suo diritto dovrà notificare la relativa richiesta a webmaster@sap.com. SAP procederà ad una ragionevole verifica dell’identità dell’utente prima di far avanzare una qualsiasi richiesta di esercizio di un diritto previsto dalla normativa a tutela dei dati personali.  Ove possibile, SAP incrocerà i Dati Personali forniti dall’utente all’atto della richiesta di tutela della privacy con le informazioni già in suo possesso. Ai fini di verifica potranno essere incrociati due o più punti dati forniti alla presentazione della richiesta con due o più punti dati già aggiornati in SAP.
SAP non risponderà a richieste manifestamente infondate, esagerate, fraudolente, presentate da terzi privi di delega o procura o altrimenti non previste dalla legge locale.
Processo decisionale automatizzato
Le decisioni automatizzate sono definite come decisioni sulle persone che si basano esclusivamente sull'elaborazione automatizzata dei Dati personali e che producono effetti legali che riguardano in modo significativo le persone coinvolte (“Processo decisionale automatizzato”).
SAP esegue il Processo Decisionale Automatizzato solo sulla base della necessità di eseguire o stipulare un contratto, del consenso esplicito dell’utente o se una legge consente in modo specifico il trattamento per il processo decisionale automatizzato.
I seguenti elementi contribuiscono al Processo Decisionale Automatizzato di SAP:
Categorie di dati utilizzati nel processo di profilazione o decisionale
Perché queste categorie sono considerate rilevanti
Come viene costruito qualsiasi profilo utilizzato nel processo decisionale automatizzato, comprese le statistiche utilizzate nell'analisi
Perché questo profilo è rilevante per il processo decisionale automatizzato
Come viene utilizzato per una decisione riguardante l'interessato
Il fatto che è in atto un processo decisionale automatizzato e che l'interessato può ottenere un intervento umano se non è soddisfatto del risultato.
Un minorenne può utilizzare i servizi di SAP?
In genere, i siti Web e i servizi online SAP non si rivolgono ad un’utenza di età inferiore ai 16 anni o altrimenti minorenne secondo la legge dello specifico paese. La registrazione e l’utilizzo del sito Web e dei servizi online è precluso ai minori di 16 anni.
Altre disposizioni nazionali e regionali
Se SAP è soggetto a requisiti di privacy nell'UE/SEE o in un paese con leggi nazionali equivalenti al GDPR:
Chi è il DPO del Titolare del Trattamento?
Il DPO del Gruppo SAP è disponibile in ogni momento all’indirizzo privacy[@]sap.com.
Qual è l’autorità garante competente?
I dati di contatto della sua specifica autorità di controllo della protezione dei dati sono reperibili sul
sito web del European Data Protection Board
. L’autorità garante competente per SAP ha sede in Germania, ed è la Landesbeauftragter für den Datenschutz und die Informationsfreiheit Baden-Württemberg con indirizzo: Lautenschlagerstraße 20, 70173 Stoccarda/Germania.
Giustificazione addotta da SAP per i trasferimenti internazionali di dati
Essendo un gruppo di società a livello globale, SAP dispone di affiliate di gruppo e utilizza fornitori di servizio terzi aventi sede anche in stati al di fuori dello Spazio Economico Europeo (lo “SEE”). SAP può trasferire i dati personali dell’utente verso stati posti al di fuori dello SEE nell’ambito delle attività commerciali internazionali di SAP. Nel caso in cui l’azienda trasferisca dati personali da uno stato della UE o dello SEE verso uno stato al di fuori dello SEE e per il quale la Commissione UE non ha ancora adottato una decisione di adeguatezza, SAP adotterà le clausole contrattuali tipo previste dalla UE, così da garantire per via contrattuale un livello di protezione dei Dati Personali paragonabile a quello offerto nello SEE. La copia delle clausole contrattuali tipo (espunta delle informazioni commerciali e non pertinenti) può essere richiesta all’indirizzo privacy[@]sap.com. Può anche ottenere maggiori informazioni e le loro prospettive sulle questioni di protezione dei dati a livello internazionale sul sito
European della Commissione Europea International Dimension of Data Protection.
Nel caso in cui SAP sia soggetta ai requisiti di privacy dell’Australia
I dati personali dell’utente sono conservati prevalentemente all'interno del SEE o negli Stati Uniti, tuttavia i suoi dati personali possono essere elaborati a livello globale.
Nel caso in cui SAP sia soggetta all’osservanza della Legge brasiliana sulla protezione dei dati (“LGPD”)
SAP ha nominato un responsabile della protezione dati per il Brasile. Le domande, richieste e lamentele scritte rivolte al nostro Responsabile per la Protezione dei Dati potranno essere indirizzate a:
Email: privacy[@]sap.com
Indirizzo: Avenida das Nações Unidas 14171 - Marble Tower – 7th Floor - São Paulo-SP, Brazil 04794-000
Se SAP è soggetta ai requisiti di privacy in Australia
I dati personali dell’utente possono essere trattati a livello globale. Se i dati personali vengono trattati al di là dei confini nazionali, SAP si attiene alle leggi sul trasferimento dei dati personali tra i vari paesi per garantire la protezione dei dati personali dell’utente. Tuttavia, le leggi di tali paesi potrebbero prevedere l’accesso da parte delle forze dell'ordine locali.
Nel caso in cui SAP sia soggetta all’osservanza dei requisiti di privacy della Colombia
Nel caso in cui SAP sia soggetta agli obblighi della Legge Colombiana 1581 del 2012 e Decreto 1377 del 2013 si applicherà quanto segue:
In Colombia l’utente ha diritto di:
Accesso, aggiornamento e rettifica dei propri Dati Personali.
Richiedere prova del suo consenso.
Su richiesta, ricevere informazione sulle modalità di trattamento dei suoi Dati Personali da parte di SAP.
Presentare un reclamo innanzi alla Sovrintendenza dell’Industria e del Commercio (“SIC”) relativamente ad una violazione della normativa applicabile.
revocare il suo consenso e/o richiedere la cancellazione dei propri dati personali, a condizione che non vi sia alcun obbligo legale o contrattuale prevalente che consenta a SAP di conservare i suoi dati personali nei database di SAP.
SAP Colombia S.A. può trattare i Dati Personali dell’utente direttamente o per conto del Gruppo SAP, con sede in Carrera 9 No 115 – 06, Edificio Tierra Firme Of. 2401 Bogotá D.C., Colombia. Siamo reperibili al numero +57-6003000 o tramite e-mail, all’indirizzo webmaster[@]sap.com
SAP si impegna a rispondere a qualsiasi richiesta, domanda e reclamo che l’utente possa avere in merito al proprio diritto di accesso, aggiornamento, rettifica e eliminazione dei dati Personali, nonché in merito alla revoca del proprio consenso.
Nel caso in cui SAP sia soggetta agli obblighi di privacy nel Regno dell’Arabia Saudita (KSA)
Se SAP è soggetta agli obblighi della
Legge sulla Protezione dei Dati Personali (PDPL)
, vale quanto segue:
SAP elabora i Dati personali dell’utente utilizzando mezzi elettronici per la raccolta, l'archiviazione e altri trattamenti come sopra descritto.
SAP distrugge i Dati personali dell’utente utilizzando mezzi elettronici come appropriato per le finalità sopra descritte.
È probabile che i Dati Personali dell’utente siano memorizzati e conservati da SAP o dal
Gruppo SAP
in un paese diverso dall’Arabia Saudita per le ordinarie finalità commerciali, compreso l’outsourcing e il trattamento dei dati.
A seconda della finalità, i Dati personali possono essere condivisi regolarmente o occasionalmente.
Il risarcimento può essere richiesto solo se l’autorità giudiziaria stabilisce che l’utente sia stato danneggiato da un danno materiale o morale come risultato di una violazione stipulata nel PDPL e nei suoi Regolamenti attuativi.
Se SAP non rispetta il PDPL, l’utente può presentare un reclamo al contatto fornito nella
prima sezione di questa informativa privacy
.
Se l’utente non è soddisfatto del modo in cui trattiamo il reclamo, può presentare un reclamo all'autorità competente:
Saudi Data and Artificial Intelligence Authority (SDAIA), Digital City, Riyadh, 12382, Regno dell'Arabia Saudita, Sito web: sdaia.gov.sa
Nel caso in cui SAP sia soggetta all’osservanza degli obblighi sulla privacy della Malesia
Nel caso in cui SAP sia soggetta agli obblighi della Legge della Malesia sulla Protezione dei Dati (“PDPA”), si applicherà anche quanto segue:
Le domande, richieste e lamentele scritte vanno rivolte a:
Data Protection and Privacy Coordinator for Malaysia
Tel. 60 3-2202 6000
Indirizzo e-mail: privacy[@]sap.com
SAP ha implementato tecnologie, funzioni di sicurezza e linee guida rigorose per salvaguardare la privacy dei dati personali degli utenti, tra cui una
versione Bahasa Malaysia della presente informativa privacy
.
Nel caso in cui SAP sia soggetta all’osservanza dei requisiti di privacy della Nuova Zelanda
Si applicheranno i seguenti diritti per la protezione dei dati:
Diritto di accesso e correzione
L’utente può richiedere a SAP in ogni momento le informazioni relative a quali suoi Dati Personali tratta, nonché la correzione di tali Dati Personali. Si avverte tuttavia l’utente che SAP procederà all’eliminazione dei Dati Personali solo se non sussistono obblighi legali di conservazione o diritti prevalenti alla conservazione in capo a SAP.
Diritto di revoca del consenso
In ogni caso in cui SAP tratti i dati personali dell’utente sulla base del suo consenso, l’utente potrà revocare il proprio consenso in ogni momento disdicendo la sottoscrizione o notificando la risoluzione. Alla revoca del consenso SAP cessa di trattare i Dati Personali per la specifica finalità, salvo sia obbligata a farlo per legge. Se SAP è tenuta per legge a conservare i Dati Personali dell’utente, essi verranno conservati per i soli tempi previsti dalla normativa e saranno esclusi dai futuri trattamenti. La revoca non ha valenza retroattiva sui trattamenti pregressi dei Dati Personali da parte di SAP.
Nel caso in cui SAP sia soggetta all’osservanza dei requisiti di privacy delle Filippine
Nelle Filippine l’utente ha diritto a quanto segue:
chiedere di essere risarcito con indennizzo deciso in via definitiva dalla National Privacy Commission o dal tribunale per danni subiti in ragione di un uso di dati personali imprecisi, incompleti, obsoleti, falsi, ottenuti illecitamente o non autorizzati, in violazione dei propri diritti e libertà.
Presentare un reclamo innanzi alla National Privacy Commission nel caso in cui sia oggetto di una violazione di privacy o violazione dei dati personali o sia altrimenti interessato personalmente da una violazione del Data Privacy Act.
Trasmissibilità dei diritti. Gli eredi legittimi e gli assegnatari possono far valere, in qualsiasi momento, i diritti altrimenti spettanti al firmatario in seguito al suo decesso o laddove il medesimo perda la capacità di agire e risulti inabilitato all’esercizio dei propri diritti.
Per le persone residenti nelle Filippine, è possibile esercitare i propri diritti presentando una richiesta per posta o per telefono a SAP all'indirizzo:
SAP Philippines, Inc., Attn: Data Protection Officer, 27F Nac Tower, Taguig City 1632, Philippines
Telefono:+632-8705-2500
Nel caso in cui SAP sia soggetta agli obblighi della Legge del Singapore sulla Protezione dei Dati (“PDPA”)
Si applicherà quanto segue:
SAP ha nominato un responsabile della protezione dati per Singapore. Le domande, richieste e lamentele scritte rivolte al nostro Responsabile per la Protezione dei Dati potranno essere indirizzate a:
C.A.: Data Protection Officer
Email: privacy[@]sap.com
Indirizzo: Mapletree Business City, 30 Pasir Panjang Rd, Singapore 117440
Tel.: +65 6664 6868
Nel caso in cui SAP sia soggetta agli obblighi della Protection of Personal Information Act, 2013 (“POPIA”) in Sud Africa
Si applicherà quanto segue:
“Dati Personali” come impiegato nella presente Informativa sulla Privacy si riferisce alla Informazioni Personali nell’accezione di cui alla POPIA. “Utente” e “proprio”, come utilizzati nella presente Informativa, designano una persona fisica o giuridica nell’accezione di cui alla POPIA.
Systems Applications Products (Africa Region) Proprietary Limited & Systems Applications Products (South Africa) Proprietary Limited con sede in 1 Woodmead Drive, Woodmead (SAP South Africa) è soggetta alle disposizioni della Protection of Personal Information Act, 2013 (Act 4 of 2013) del Sud Africa e funge da responsabile ai sensi della POPIA.
L’utente potrà richiedere i dettagli delle informazioni personali in possesso dell’azienda ai sensi del Promotion of Access to Information Act 2 of 2000 (“PAIA”). Si prega di fare riferimento al
manuale SAP PAIA
per ulteriori informazioni
Nel caso in cui l’utente nella sua qualità di persona fisica o giuridica ritenga che SAP Sud Africa come responsabile abbia utilizzato i dati personali in violazione della POPIA, l’utente si impegna di tentare una conciliazione amichevole con SAP Sud Africa.
Telefono: 0113256000
Indirizzo: 1 Woodmead Drive, Woodmead, Johannesburg South Africa 2148
Email:     privacy[@]sap.com
Nel caso in cui l’utente non sia soddisfatto con tale processo, disporrà del diritto di presentare reclamo innanzi all’Information Regulator, utilizzando i seguenti recapiti:
JD House, 27 Stiemens Street, Braamfontein, Johannesburg, 2001, P.O. Box 31533, Braamfontein, Johannesburg, 2017
Email: complaints.IR[@]justice.gov.za
Domande: inforeg[@]justice.gov.za
Nel caso in cui SAP sia soggetta ai requisiti del Personal Information Protection Act (“PIPA”) della Corea del Sud
I dati personali dell’utente possono essere trattati a livello globale. Se i dati personali vengono trattati al di là dei confini nazionali, SAP si attiene alle leggi sul trasferimento dei dati personali tra i vari paesi per garantire la protezione dei dati personali dell’utente. I dati personali dell’utente possono essere trasferiti, consultati o trattati dalle categorie di terzi sopra descritte.
Nel caso in cui SAP sia soggetta agli obblighi della Legge Tailandese sulla Protezione dei Dati (“PDPA”)
I dati personali dell’utente possono essere trattati a livello globale. Se i dati personali vengono trattati al di là dei confini nazionali, SAP si attiene alle leggi sul trasferimento dei dati personali tra i vari paesi per garantire la protezione dei dati personali dell’utente. I dati personali dell’utente possono essere trasferiti, consultati o trattati dalle categorie di terzi sopra descritte.
Nel caso in cui SAP sia soggetta all’osservanza delle norme sulla privacy degli Stati Uniti.
Nel caso in cui SAP sia soggetta agli obblighi di cui al California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA), come modificato dal the California Privacy Rights Acts del 2020 (CPRA), di seguito denominato “CCPA” ovvero nel caso in cui altre norme statali degli Stati Uniti prevedano requisiti analoghi, si applicherà quanto segue:
L’utente ha diritto di:
Conoscere le informazioni personali che l'azienda ha raccolto sul consumatore, comprese le categorie di informazioni personali, le categorie di fonti da cui sono state raccolte le informazioni personali, lo scopo aziendale o commerciale per la raccolta, la vendita o la condivisione delle informazioni personali, le categorie di terzi a cui l'azienda divulga le informazioni personali e le specifiche informazioni personali che l'azienda ha raccolto sul consumatore.
Cancellare le informazioni personali che l'azienda ha raccolto dal consumatore, fatte salve alcune eccezioni.
Correggere le informazioni personali inesatte che un'azienda conserva su un consumatore.
Recedere dalla vendita o condivisione delle informazioni personali da parte dell’azienda (ove applicabile).
Limitare l'uso o la divulgazione di informazioni personali sensibili da parte dell'azienda (fatte salve alcune eccezioni, ove applicabili).
Ricevere un trattamento non discriminatorio per l'esercizio di questi diritti.
Come esercitare i diritti previsti dalla normativa per la protezione dei dati.
Per esercitare questi diritti o per limitare la condivisione delle proprie Informazioni personali, l’utente può contattarci a: 3999 West Chester Pike, Newtown Square, PA 19073 USA, oppure all’indirizzo
privacy[@]sap.com
In conformità con il processo di verifica previsto dalla legge statale statunitense pertinente (a seconda dei casi), SAP può richiedere un processo di verifica più rigoroso per le richieste di cancellazione (o per i dati personali considerati sensibili o di valore) per ridurre al minimo il danno che potrebbe essere arrecato all'utente da un accesso non autorizzato o dalla cancellazione dei suoi dati personali. Per far ciò è possibile che SAP debba chiedere all’utente ulteriori informazioni oltre a quelle già aggiornate in SAP. Tali informazioni saranno utilizzate esclusivamente per verificare l’identità dell’utente e consentire al medesimo di esercitare i propri diritti alla protezione dei propri dati personali, ovvero per finalità di sicurezza o di contrasto alle frodi. L’utente può demandare ad un agente autorizzato la presentazione a SAP delle richieste riferibili all’esercizio del diritto alla protezione dei propri dati. L’agente dovrà presentare un’opportuna delega che lo autorizzi ad agire per conto dell’utente e, ove lo preveda la legge, essere iscritto ad un albo professionale.
Incentivi finanziari
SAP non offre incentivi finanziari in cambio del consenso dell'utente alla condivisione dei suoi dati personali, né limita l'offerta di servizi in caso di rifiuto di tale condivisione (a meno che la condivisione non sia di fatto necessaria per l'esecuzione del servizio in questione).
Tutela della privacy dei minori
Poiché i siti web e i servizi online di SAP non sono rivolti a utenti di età inferiore ai 16 anni, SAP non vende né condivide le informazioni personali di minori di 16 anni. Il genitore o tutore che ritenga che SAP abbia raccolto dati su un minore è invitato a contattare SAP. SAP farà quanto necessario per eliminare i dati il prima possibile.
Visualizzare la versione PDF
Torna all'inizio
Sub-policy 1
https://policies.google.com/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 2
https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy:
Skip to main content
Build
More
Run
More
Solutions
Pricing
Docs
More
Community
More
Support
Go to console
Developer Support
Contact Support
Scope of no-cost support
Support Guides
Overview
FAQ
Security checklist
Launch checklist
Firebase-related service accounts
Troubleshoot initialization options
Enable the AdSupport framework
Dynamic Links deprecation
Deprecation FAQ
Export Dynamic Links metadata
Migrate to App Links & Universal Links
Migrate from Parse
Android
iOS+
Cloud Audit Logs
Firebase Management
Cloud Storage for Firebase
Firebase Cloud Messaging
Firebase App Check
Firebase Security Rules
Firebase Realtime Database
Android Device Streaming
Recent Changes and Updates
Release Notes
iOS Release Notes
Android Release Notes
JavaScript Release Notes
Flutter Release Notes
C++ Release Notes
Unity Release Notes
Admin Node.js Release Notes
Admin Java Release Notes
Admin Python Release Notes
Admin Go Release Notes
Admin .NET Release Notes
Security Rules Release Notes
Firebase CLI Release Notes
Policies for changes and versioning
Overview
Introducing and communicating changes
Versioning and maintenance
Legal Information
Terms of Service
Paid Services Terms
Data Processing and Security Terms
Firebase: Standard Contractual Clauses
Service Level Agreement for Hosting and Realtime Database
Cloud Storage for Firebase Service Level Agreement
Firebase App Indexing User Data Policy
Crashlytics and App Distribution Terms
Firebase Subprocessors
Privacy and Security Information
Privacy and Security in Firebase
Designate Data Protection Officers and EU Representatives
Firebase Data Privacy Inquiries
Manage Instance ID data
Clear and export users' data
Storing privacy settings with Firebase
Build
Go to Build
Build Products
App Check
App Hosting
Authentication
Cloud Functions
Cloud Storage
Data Connect
Extensions
Firebase ML
Firestore
Genkit
Hosting
Realtime Database
Vertex AI in Firebase
Generative AI
Run
Go to Run
Run Products
A/B Testing
App Distribution
Cloud Messaging
Crashlytics
Google Analytics
In-App Messaging
Performance Monitoring
Remote Config
Test Lab
Overview
Fundamentals
Build
Run
Reference
Samples
Learn
Events
Stories
Firebase
Support
Send feedback
Privacy and Security in Firebase
Stay organized with collections
Save and categorize content based on your preferences.
This page outlines Firebase's key security and privacy information. Whether
you're looking to kick off a new project with Firebase, or curious about how
Firebase works with your existing project, read on to see how Firebase can help
protect you and your users.
Last modified: February 20, 2025
Data protection
Firebase support for GDPR and CCPA
On May 25th, 2018, the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) replaced the
1995 EU Data Protection Directive. On January 1, 2020, the California Consumer
Privacy Act (CCPA) took effect. On January 1, 2023, the California Privacy
Rights Act (CPRA), which is a data privacy law that amends and expands upon the
CCPA, took effect. Google is committed to helping our customers succeed under
these privacy regulations, whether they are large software companies or
independent developers.
The GDPR imposes obligations on data controllers and data processors, and the
CCPA/CPRA imposes obligations on businesses and their service providers.
Firebase customers typically act as the "data controller" (GDPR) or "business"
(CCPA/CPRA) for any personal data or information about their end-users they
provide to Google in connection with their use of Firebase, and Google generally
operates as a "data processor" (GDPR) or "service provider" (CCPA/CPRA).
This means that data is under the customer's control. Customers are
responsible for obligations like fulfilling an individual's rights with respect
to their personal data or information.
Firebase Data Processing and Security Terms
When customers use Firebase, Google is generally a data processor under GDPR and
processes personal data on their behalf. Similarly, when customers use Firebase,
Google generally operates as a service provider under the CCPA/CPRA handling
personal information on their behalf. Firebase terms include
Data Processing
and Security Terms
detailing these
responsibilities.
Certain Firebase services governed by the
Google Cloud Platform (GCP) Terms of Service
are already covered by associated data processing terms, the
Cloud Data Processing Addendum
.
A complete list of Firebase services currently governed by the GCP Terms of
Service is available in the
Terms of Service for Firebase Services
.
Google Analytics is a separate service that can be used together with Firebase,
and is subject to separate
terms
.
Firebase is certified under major privacy and security standards
ISO and SOC compliance
All Firebase services (aside from App Indexing) have successfully completed the
ISO
27001
and
SOC
1
,
SOC
2
,
and
SOC 3
evaluation
process, and some have also completed the
ISO
27017
and
ISO
27018
certification
process. Compliance reports and certificates for Firebase services governed by
the GCP Terms of Service may be requested via the
Compliance Reports
Manager
.
Service name
ISO 27001
ISO 27017
ISO 27018
SOC 1
SOC 2
SOC 3
Cloud Firestore
check
check
check
check
check
check
Cloud Functions for Firebase
check
check
check
check
check
check
Cloud Storage for Firebase
check
check
check
check
check
check
Firebase A/B Testing
check
check
check
check
Firebase App Check
check
check
check
check
Firebase App Distribution
check
check
check
check
Firebase Authentication
check
check
check
check
check
check
Firebase Cloud Messaging
check
check
check
check
Firebase Crashlytics
check
check
check
check
Firebase Dynamic Links
check
check
check
check
Firebase Hosting
check
check
check
check
Firebase In-App Messaging
check
check
check
check
Firebase ML
check
check
check
check
Firebase Performance Monitoring
check
check
check
check
Firebase Platform
check
check
check
check
Firebase Realtime Database
check
check
check
check
Firebase Remote Config
check
check
check
check
Firebase Test Lab
check
check
check
check
check
check
Gemini in Firebase
check
check
check
check
Vertex AI in Firebase
check
check
check
check
International Data Transfers
As described in our
Data Privacy Framework
certification
,
we comply with the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks (DPF) and the
UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF as set forth by the US Department of Commerce
regarding the collection, use and retention of personal information from the
EEA, Switzerland and the UK, respectively. Google LLC (and its wholly-owned US
subsidiaries unless explicitly excluded) has certified that it adheres to the
DPF Principles. Google remains responsible for any of your personal information
that is shared under the Onward Transfer Principle with third parties for
external processing on our behalf, as described in the
"Sharing your
information" section of our Privacy
Policy
. To learn more about
the DPF, and to view Google's certification, please visit the
DPF
website
.
If you have an inquiry regarding our privacy practices in relation to our DPF
certification, we encourage you to
contact
us
. Google is
subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the US Federal Trade
Commission. You may also refer a complaint to your local data protection
authority and we will work with them to resolve your concern. In certain
circumstances, the DPF provides the right to invoke binding arbitration to
resolve complaints not resolved by other means, as described in
Annex I to the
DPF
Principles
.
Data processing information
Examples of end-user data processed by Firebase
Some Firebase services process your end users' data to provide their service.
The chart below has examples of how various Firebase services use and handle
end-user data that may potentially be identifying. In addition, many Firebase
services offer the ability to request deletion of specific data or control how
data is handled.
Firebase service
End-user data
How data helps provide the service
Cloud Functions for Firebase
IP addresses
How it helps:
Cloud Functions uses IP addresses to
            execute event-handling functions and HTTP functions based on end-user actions.
Retention:
Cloud functions only saves IP addresses temporarily, to
            provide the service.
Firebase App Check
Attestation material from supported attestation providers
App Check tokens from successful attestations
How it helps:
Firebase App Check uses attestation
            material required by the corresponding attestation provider and
            received from end-user's devices to help establish the integrity of
            the device and/or the app. Attestation materials are sent to the
            corresponding attestation provider for validation based on the
            developer's configuration. App Check tokens obtained from successful
            attestations are sent with every request to supported Firebase
            services to access resources protected by App Check.
Retention:
Attestation material is not retained by
            App Check, but when it is sent to attestation providers, it is
            subject to the terms of those attestation providers. App Check
            tokens returned from successful attestations are valid throughout
            their TTL duration, which cannot be longer than 7 days. For
            developers who use replay protection features, App Check stores the
            App Check tokens used with these features for at most 30 days. Other
            App Check tokens not used with replay protection features are not
            retained by Firebase services.
Firebase App Distribution
Users' names
Email addresses
iOS UDIDs
Secure Android IDs
Firebase
installation IDs
Tester feedback (screenshots and text)
How it helps:
Firebase App Distribution uses the data to distribute
            app builds to testers, monitor tester activity, enable tester features like in-app
            feedback, and associate data with tester devices.
Retention:
Firebase App Distribution retains user information
            until the Firebase customer requests its deletion, after which data is removed from live
            and backup systems within 180 days.
Firebase Authentication
Passwords
Email addresses
Phone numbers
User agents
IP addresses
How it helps:
Firebase Authentication uses the data to enable end-user
            authentication, and facilitate end-user account management. It also uses user-agent
            strings and IP addresses to provide added security and prevent abuse during sign-up and
            authentication.
Retention:
Firebase Authentication keeps logged IP addresses for a few
            weeks. It retains other authentication information until the Firebase customer initiates
            deletion of the associated user, after which data is removed from live and backup
            systems within 180 days.
Firebase Cloud Messaging
Firebase
installation IDs
How it helps:
Firebase Cloud Messaging uses
Firebase
installation IDs to determine which devices to deliver messages to.
Retention:
Firebase retains
Firebase
installation IDs
            until the Firebase customer
            makes an API call to delete the ID. After the call, data is removed from live and backup
            systems within 180 days.
Firebase Crashlytics
Crashlytics Installation UUIDs
Firebase installations ID
Crash traces
Breakpad minidump formatted data
(NDK crashes only)
How it helps:
Firebase Crashlytics uses crash stack
            traces to associate crashes with a project, send email alerts to
            project members and display them in the Firebase Console, and help
            Firebase customers debug crashes. It uses Crashlytics Installation
            UUIDs to measure the number of users impacted by a crash and
            minidump data to process NDK crashes. The minidump data is stored
            while the crash session is being processed and then discarded. The
            Firebase installation ID enables upcoming features that will enhance
            crash reporting and crash management services. Refer to
Examples of stored device information
for more detail on the types of user information gathered.
Retention:
Firebase Crashlytics keeps crash stack traces,
            extracted minidump data, and associated identifiers (including
            Crashlytics Installation UUIDs and Firebase installation IDs) for 90 days before
            starting the process of removing it from live and backup systems.
Note:
Firebase Crashlytics stores minidump data only temporarily in order to
            process NDK crashes.
Firebase Dynamic Links
Device specs (iOS)
IP Addresses (iOS)
How it helps:
Dynamic Links uses device specs and IP addresses on iOS to open
            newly-installed apps to a specific page or context.
Retention:
Dynamic Links only stores device specs and IP addresses temporarily, to
            provide the service.
Firebase Hosting
IP addresses
How it helps:
Hosting uses IP addresses of incoming requests to detect
            abuse and provide customers with detailed analysis of usage data.
Retention:
Hosting retains IP data for a few months.
Firebase In-App Messaging
Firebase
installation IDs
How it helps:
Firebase In-App Messaging
uses
Firebase
installation IDs to determine which devices to deliver messages to.
Retention:
Firebase retains
Firebase
installation IDs
            until the Firebase customer
            makes an API call to delete the ID. After the call, data is removed from live and backup
            systems within 180 days.
Firebase ML
Uploaded Images
installation auth tokens
How it helps:
The Cloud based APIs store uploaded images temporarily,
            to process and return the analysis to you. Stored images are typically deleted within a
            few hours. See the Cloud Vision
Data Usage FAQ
for more
            information.
installation auth tokens
are used by
Firebase ML
for device authentication when interacting with app
            instances, for example, to distribute developer models to app instances.
Retention:
installation auth tokens remain valid until their
            expiration date. The default token lifetime is one week.
Firebase Performance Monitoring
Firebase
installation IDs
IP addresses
How it helps:
Performance Monitoring
uses
Firebase
installation IDs
            to calculate the number of unique Firebase installations that access network resources,
            to ensure that access patterns are sufficiently anonymous. It also uses
Firebase
installation IDs with
Firebase Remote Config
to manage the rate of performance event reporting. Additionally, it uses IP
            addresses to map performance events to the countries they originate from. For more
            information, see
Data collection
.
Retention:
Performance Monitoring
keeps IP-associated
            events for 30 days, and it keeps installation-associated and de-identified performance
            data for 60 days before starting the process of removing it from live and backup
            systems.
Firebase Realtime Database
IP addresses
User agents
How it helps:
Realtime Database uses IP addresses and user agents to
            enable the
profiler
            tool
, which helps Firebase customers understand usage trends and platform
            breakdowns.
Retention:
Realtime Database keeps IP addresses and user agent
            information for a few days, unless a customer chooses to save it for longer.
Firebase Remote Config
Firebase
installation IDs
How it helps:
Remote Config
uses
Firebase
installation IDs
            to select configuration
            values to return to end-user devices.
Retention:
Firebase retains
Firebase
installation IDs until the Firebase customer makes an API call to delete the
          ID. After the call, data is removed from live and backup systems within 180 days.
Vertex AI in Firebase
Customer's inputs and outputs data sent and received from the AI model
How it helps:
Vertex AI in Firebase
uses Vertex AI's Generative AI
            API to predict content.
Retention:
During prediction, Google doesn't log Customer Data to
            generate a customer's output or train foundation models. By default, Google caches a
            customer's inputs and outputs for the Gemini models to accelerate responses to
            subsequent prompts from the customer.
See more details at
Generative
              AI and Data Governance | Generative AI on Vertex AI | Google Cloud
.
Examples of information collected by Crashlytics
An RFC-4122 UUID which permits us to deduplicate crashes
The Crashlytics Installation UUID
The Firebase installations ID (FID)
The Firebase session ID, which is a random UUID generated to tag events
      with a session
The timestamp of when the crash occurred
The app's bundle identifier and full version number
The device's operating system name and version number
A boolean indicating whether the device was jailbroken/rooted
The device's model name, CPU architecture, amount of RAM and disk
      space
The uint64 instruction pointer of every frame of every currently running
      thread
If available in the runtime, the plain-text method or function name
      containing each instruction pointer.
If an exception was thrown, the plain-text class name and message value
      of the exception
If a fatal signal was raised, its name and integer code
For each binary image loaded into the application, its name, UUID, byte
      size, and the uint64 base address at which it was loaded into RAM
A boolean indicating whether or not the app was in the background at the
      time it crashed
An integer value indicating the rotation of the screen at the time of
      crash
A boolean indicating whether the device's proximity sensor was
      triggered
The contents of
version-control-info.textproto
(only for Android apps
configured
        to use the version control system (VCS) integration
)
Examples of information collected by Performance Monitoring
The Firebase installations ID (FID)
The Firebase session ID, which is a random UUID generated to tag events
      with a session
General device information, such as model, OS, and orientation
RAM and disk size
CPU usage
Carrier (based on Mobile Country and Network Code)
Radio/Network information (for example, WiFi, LTE, 3G)
Country (based on IP address)
Locale/language
App version
App foreground or background state
App package name
Firebase
installation IDs
Duration times for automated traces
Network URLs (not including URL parameters or payload content)
      and the following corresponding information:
Response codes (for example, 403, 200)
Payload size in bytes
Response times
See a
full list
of the
    automatic traces collected by
Performance Monitoring
.
Note:
For more info on deleting data associated with installations, see
Delete a Firebase installation
.
Guides for enabling opt-in for end-user data processing
Services in the table above need some amount of end-user data to function. As a
result, it's not possible to entirely disable data collection while using those
services.
If you're a customer who would like to offer users a chance to opt-in to a
service, and the data collection that comes with it, in most cases that just
requires adding a dialog or settings toggle before using the service.
Some services, however, start up automatically when included in an app. To give
users a chance to opt-in before using those services, you can choose to disable
auto-initialization for each service, and manually initialize them at run time
instead. To find out how, read the guides below:
Cloud Messaging
:
Prevent Auto-initialization (Android)
or
Prevent Auto-initialization (iOS+)
Crashlytics
:
Enable Opt-in Reporting (iOS+)
or
Enable Opt-in Reporting (Android)
Performance Monitoring
:
Enable Opt-in Monitoring
If you integrate Firebase with Google Analytics, learn how to
configure Analytics data collection
.
Data storage and processing locations
Unless a service or feature offers data location selection, Firebase may process
and store your data anywhere Google or its agents maintain facilities. Potential
facility locations vary by service.
US-only services
The
Firebase Authentication
service is run only from US data centers. As a result,
Firebase Authentication
processes data exclusively in the United States.
Global services
The majority of Firebase services run on global Google infrastructure.
They could process data at any of the
Google Cloud Platform locations
or
Google data center locations
.
For some services, you can make a specific data location selection, which
restricts processing to that location (for more information, see the
service specific terms
of the Google Cloud Platform Terms of Service).
Cloud Firestore
Firebase Crashlytics
Firebase ML
Cloud Functions for Firebase
Firebase Dynamic Links
Firebase Performance Monitoring
Cloud Storage for Firebase
Firebase Hosting
Firebase Remote Config
Firebase App Check
Firebase App Distribution
Firebase In-App Messaging
Firebase Test Lab
Firebase Cloud Messaging
Security information
Data encryption
Firebase services encrypt data in transit using HTTPS and logically isolate
customer data.
In addition, several Firebase services also encrypt their data at rest:
Cloud Firestore
Firebase Authentication
Firebase Performance Monitoring
Cloud Functions for Firebase
Firebase Cloud Messaging
Firebase Realtime Database
Cloud Storage for Firebase
Firebase Crashlytics
Firebase Test Lab
Firebase App Check
Firebase App Distribution
Security practices
To keep personal data safe, Firebase employs extensive security measures to
minimize access:
Firebase restricts access to a select employees who have a business purpose to access personal data.
Firebase logs employee access to systems that contain personal data.
Firebase only permits access to personal data by employees who sign in with Google Sign-In and
2-factor authentication
.
Firebase Service Data
Firebase Service Data is personal information that Google collects and generates
during the provision and administration of the Firebase services
*
,
excluding Customer Data
**
as defined in our customer agreements
covering Firebase services and
Google Cloud Service Data
.
Examples of Firebase Service Data include information about service usage,
resource identifiers like application IDs and package name/bundle IDs, technical
and operational details of usage such as IP addresses, and direct communications
with developers from feedback and support related conversations.
*Services covered include Firebase A/B Testing, Firebase App Distribution,
  Firebase Cloud Messaging, Firebase Crashlytics, Firebase Dynamic Links,
  Firebase Hosting, Firebase In-App Messaging, Firebase ML,
  Firebase Performance Monitoring, Firebase Realtime Database,
  Firebase Remote Config, and Firebase User Segmentation Storage.
**For more information about how we process Customer Data, see our
Firebase Data Processing and Security
  Terms
.
Examples of how Firebase Service Data is processed by Firebase
Google uses Firebase Service Data in accordance with our
privacy policy
and applicable terms.
Firebase Service Data is used, for example, to:
Provide Firebase services you request
Make recommendations to optimize use of Firebase services
Maintain and improve Firebase services
Provide and improve other services you request
Understand your use of Firebase and other Google services
Provide better support to and communicate with you
Protect you, our users, the public and Google
Comply with legal obligations
Firebase Service Data use by non-Firebase Google services
You can control whether your Firebase Service Data may be used by Google to
provide more in depth analysis, insights, and recommendations about
non-Firebase
Google services and improve
non-Firebase
Google services.
You can configure this in your Firebase data privacy settings page.
If this control is disabled, Firebase Service Data will continue to be used
for other purposes, such as those mentioned above, in accordance with our
privacy policy
and applicable terms, including
to make recommendations about and improve
Firebase
services, and to deliver
and improve other services you request, such as Google products you link to your
Firebase project.
Still have questions? Contact us
For any privacy-related questions you have that aren't covered here,
reach out to Firebase Support
. If you're a Firebase developer, include your Firebase App ID. Find your Firebase App ID in the
Your apps
card of your
settings
Project
settings
.
Send feedback
Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 License
, and code samples are licensed under the
Apache 2.0 License
. For details, see the
Google Developers Site Policies
. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.
Last updated 2025-03-04 UTC.