Privacy Policy
Last Modified: June 4th 2024
If you wish to request the deletion of your personal data, please contact us at our designated email address (
info@letsdxb.com
), clearly stating your request. We, at Mr & Mrs Brunch and the Let’s DXB App, are committed to respecting your privacy rights and will respond to your request promptly.
Lets DXB FZ LLC , its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively known as the “Company," “we," “our" or “us") respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy. We will never share your personally identifiable information with third parties without your consent.
This policy describes:
The types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you:
Visit, access or use our websites or online applications that run on smart phones, tablets and other devices which provide dedicated non-browser-based interaction between you and our websites (“apps");
Communicate with us electronically and through other means;
View or click on our ads or other online content; and
Interact with us through social media websites and other websites and apps.
Our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting and disclosing that information.
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is to refrain from using our websites or apps. By accessing or using our websites or apps, you agree to this privacy policy.
Our websites and apps are not intended for use by persons under 21 years of age without legal parental or guardian consent. No one under age 21 may provide any personal information to or on our websites or apps without legal parental or guardian consent. We do not knowingly collect personal information from persons under 21 if such information is provided without legal parental or guardian consent. If you are under 21, do not use or provide any information on our websites or apps, or on or through any of their features register on the websites or apps, make any purchases through our websites or apps, use any of the interactive or public comment features of our websites or apps or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address or any screen name or user name you may use without legal parental or guardian consent. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a person under 21 without verification or parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a person under 21 for which there is no legal parental or guardian consent, please contact us at
info@letsdxb.com
Information we collect
Depending on which of our services you use and how you interact with our websites and apps, we collect different kinds of information from or about you, including the below information.
Account information:
Contact information
that allows us to communicate with you. We obtain this information when you order or register for our products or services or our apps. This may include information such as your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address and other identifiers by which you may be contacted online or offline.
Payment information
related to your financial relationship with us, such as the services and products we provide to you, your payment information, such as credit and debit card information (we do not store credit and debit card information on our system) and your payment history.
Profile information
such as your date of birth, gender, profession, income, hobbies, Facebook profile picture (if you sign-in via Facebook and authorise us to use your Facebook profile picture), marital status, number of children and nationality.
Product/Service usage information
related to the products and services we provide to you, including:
Information about your redemption of our offers; and
How you use your devices to access our websites and apps, including the screens you visit and searches you make.
Third party partner information
related to how you use our third party partners, such as your reviews of our merchant partners.
Your communications with us
by social media, e-mail, electronic messages and other electronic and non-electronic communications.
Your Networks and Connections
made available to us, depending on the permissions you have granted, from your mobile and desktop devices' address book contacts, Facebook friends list, and other social media such as Instagram, Pinterest and Twitter.
Device and Settings Information
from or about the computers, phones or other devices where you install or access our products or services, depending on the permissions you have granted us. We collect your device attributes such as:
The make and model (mobile phones only);
The operating system, hardware version, device settings, file and software names and types, and device identifiers;
Device locations, such as through GPS, Bluetooth or WiFi signals; and
Connection information such as the name of your mobile operator or ISP, browser type, language and time zone, mobile phone number and IP address.
How we use the information we collect
We use the information that you provide to us or that we collect about you to:
Present our websites, apps and their contents to you
, and provide you with information, products or services that you request from us.
Carry out our obligations
and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection.
Provide, improve and develop our products and services
to help you get the most value out of the products you purchase, including maximizing the savings you achieve from using the products.
Communicate with you
about our products and services and respond to you when you contact us.
Display and measure our advertisements and services
so we can show you relevant advertisements and measure the effectiveness of our advertisements and reach of our products and services.
How we collect the information
You provide information to us
when you:
Fill-in forms on our websites and apps, including forms to register to use our websites or apps, make purchases, request further services or post material on our websites.
Correspond with us (including e-mail addresses and phone numbers), if you contact us.
Respond to surveys we might ask you to complete for research purposes.
Perform search queries on our websites or apps.
You also may provide information to be published or displayed (hereinafter, “posted") on public areas of our websites, or transmitted to other users of our websites or apps or third parties (collectively, “User Contributions"). Your User Contributions are posted on and transmitted to others at your own risk. Although we limit access to certain pages, you may set certain privacy settings for such information by logging into your account profile. Please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. Additionally, we cannot control the actions of other users of our websites or apps with whom you may choose to share your User Contributions. Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that your User Contributions will not be viewed by unauthorized persons.
We may automatically collect information
through automatic data collection and tracking technologies when you use our products or services, or interact with our websites or apps, or certain of our partners' websites or apps. The technologies we use for automatic information collection may include:
Cookies:
We automatically capture some information through the use of cookies. A cookie is a small file that is placed onto your desktop or mobile device when you visit our websites in order to enable certain features and functionality of our websites and apps. Our cookies can be categorized into four types, each of which is outlined below.
Category 1: Strictly necessary cookies.
These cookies are essential for enabling our websites and apps to provide certain of your requested services such as retaining your shopping bag items.
Category 2: Performance cookies.
Performance cookies collect anonymous information on the users of our websites and apps to enable us to improve the operation of our websites and apps. For example, we utilise cookies to help us understand how customers arrive at and browse or use our websites, and highlight improvement areas such as navigation, shopping experience and marketing. The data stored by these cookies does not include personal details from which an individual's identity can be established.
Category 3: Functionality cookies.
These cookies retain choices you make such as member ID, email ID and other preferences in order to help you avoid having to re-enter the information as you navigate through our websites.
Category 4: Targeting or advertising cookies.
These cookies collect information about your browsing habits to allow us to provide advertising relevant to you and your interests. The cookies retain information about the websites you have visited. This information is shared with other parties such as advertisers on an anonymous basis. Your personally identifiable information such as your name and address is not shared with such third parties. For example we use third party companies to provide you with more personalised advertisements when you visit certain third party websites.
Web beacons:
Pages of our websites, apps and our e-mails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags and single-pixel gifs) that permit the Company, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an e-mail and collect other related website and app statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain app content and verifying system and server integrity).
We do not collect personal information automatically, but we may tie this information to personal information about you that we collect from other sources or you provide to us.
Log files:
We may use log files to capture your activities on our apps as they interact with our websites. Information captured in such log files may include the types of content you view or engage with and the frequency or duration of your activities.
We obtain information from outside sources
like our business partners, and marketing mailing lists.
Third-party information collection
Some content or applications, including advertisements, on our websites and apps are served by third-parties, including advertisers, ad networks and servers, content providers and application providers. When you use our websites or apps or their content, certain third parties may use automatic information collection technologies to collect information about you or your device. These third parties may use cookies alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use our websites or apps. The information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different websites, apps and other online services websites. They may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioural) advertising or other targeted content.
We do not control these third parties' tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly. For information about how you can opt out of receiving targeted advertising from many providers, see Your choices about our collection, use and disclosure of your information below.
How we share the information we collect
We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.
We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this privacy policy:
To our subsidiaries and affiliates.
To contractors, service providers and other third parties we use to support our business and who are bound by contractual obligations to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them.
To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all of the Company's assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by the Company about our websites or apps users is among the assets transferred.
To fulfil the purpose for which you provide it. For example, if you give us an e-mail address to use the “e-mail a friend" feature of our websites or apps, we will transmit the contents of that e-mail and your e-mail address to the recipients.
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
With your consent.
We may also disclose your personal information:
To comply with any court order, law or legal process, including responding to any government or regulatory request.
To enforce or apply our Terms of Use and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes.
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of the Company, our customers or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Your choices about our collection, use and disclosure of your information
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:
Tracking technologies and advertising.
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of our websites or apps may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
Location information.
You can choose whether or not to allow our apps to collect and use real-time information about your device's location through the device's privacy settings. If you block the use of location information, some parts of our apps may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
Promotional offers from the Company.
If you do not wish to have your contact information used by the Company to promote our own or third parties' products or services, you can opt-out by checking the relevant box located on the form on which we collect your data or at any other time by logging into our websites or apps and adjusting your user preferences in your account profile by checking or unchecking the relevant boxes or by sending us an e-mail stating your request to info@letsdxb.com. If we have sent you a promotional e-mail, you may send us a return e-mail asking to be omitted from future e-mail distributions. This opt out does not apply to information provided to the Company as a result of a product or service purchase, product service experience or other transactions.
Targeted Advertising.
If you do not want us to use information that we collect or that you provide to us to deliver advertisements according to our advertisers' target-audience preferences, you can opt-out by checking the relevant box located on the form on which we collect your data. You can also always adjust your user advertising preferences in your account profile by checking or unchecking the relevant boxes or by sending us an e-mail stating your request to info@letsdxb.com.
We do not control third parties' collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising. However these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We may update our privacy policy from time to time. If we make material changes to our privacy policy, we will post the updated privacy policy on this page and notify you by e-mail and/or text message to the primary e-mail address and/or phone number specified in your account.
The effective date of the privacy policy is the “Last Modified" date identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable e-mail address and/or phone number for you and for periodically visiting this privacy policy to check for any changes.
Contact information
info@letsdxb.com