Last updated: April 2, 2023
GGDS Wojciech Grzesik (“GGDS”) has adopted this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) to explain how GGDS collects, stores, and uses the information collected in connection with GGDS’s products, services, and websites (together “Services”).
Should you have any questions relating to this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
biuro@ggds.pl
.
GGDS reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at reasonable times, so please review it frequently. Your continued use of Services will signify your acceptance of the changes to this Privacy Policy.
1. Non-personal Data
For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “non-personal data” means information that does not directly identify you. Additionally, non-personal data means “aggregate” and “de-personalized” information, which is data GGDS collects about the use of GGDS Services, from which any personally identifiable data has been removed.
Advertisers who serve ads may use technology which can uniquely identify mobile devices to deliver better target messages and control number of times you get an Ad. Ad Networks may access your unique device identifier through their own technologies and use it to target advertising to you.
Advertisers make available links through advertisements or otherwise enabling you to access third party sites, tools or games. Please note that, while using such sites, tools or games, you are not affiliated with or controlled by us.
GGDS may use tools or third party analytical software to automatically collect and use certain non-personal data that does not directly enable GGDS to identify you.
GGDS may use Google analytics tool in order to develop and analyze use of the Services. Analytics companies may access anonymous data (such as your IP address or device ID) to help us understand how Services are used. They use this data solely on our behalf. They do not share it except in aggregate form; no data is shared as to any individual user.
2. Personal Data
For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “personal data” means personally identifiable information that specifically identifies you as an individual.
Likely situations when you make personal data available to GGDS include, but are not limited to: (i) registration for Services, including leaderboards; (ii) subscribing to newsletters; (iii) requesting technical support; and (iv) otherwise through use of GGDS Services where personal data is required for use and/or participation.
The types of personal data may vary depending on the type of activity you are engaged in. The personal data GGDS may collect, process and use may include, but are not limited to your name, screen/user name, GGDS Services’ or third party service ID, e-mail address.
GGDS may use personal and non-personal data, both individually and combined together, for purposes of analyzing usage of the Services, providing customer and technical support, managing and providing Services (including managing advertisement serving), customizing GGDS’s communications and to further develop the Services and other GGDS services and products. GGDS may combine non-personal data with personal data.
GGDS may use your personal data to send messages to you with informative and/or commercial content about GGDS’s services or third party products and services GGDS thinks may be of interest to you, such as new features and services, special offers and updated information.
3. Ad Serving Technology
GGDS reserves the right to use and disclose the collected non-personal data for purposes of advertisement by GGDS or GGDS’s partners and contractors. GGDS may employ third party ad serving technologies that use certain methods to collect information as a result of ad serving through Services. GGDS or third parties operating the ad serving technology may use demographic and location information as well as information logged from your hardware or device to ensure that appropriate advertising is presented within the Service. GGDS or third parties may collect and use data for this purpose including, but not limited to IP address (including but not limited to for purposes of determining your coarse location), Device ID, MAC, software, applications, hardware, and in-game information. The foregoing data may be used and disclosed in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the privacy policy of the company providing the ad serving technology.
You recognize and agree that the advertising companies who deliver ads for GGDS may combine the information collected with other information they have independently collected from other services or products. These companies collect and use information under their own privacy policies. These ad serving technologies are integrated into Services; if you do not want to be subject to this technology, do not use or access Services. Although GGDS takes commercially reasonable steps to instruct such advertising companies to comply with the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy, GGDS does not have access to or control of third party technologies.
GGDS may display to you behaviorally targeted advertising. If you want to be certain that behaviorally targeted advertisements are not displayed to you, please do not use or access the Services.
4. Location Data
Our Services can share collected location data for Interest-Based Advertising: Allowing Advertisers to infer interests and serve ads to users based on their app activity and location data over time. You can opt-out from any interest-based advertising. Go on Google Settings, Ads and then click on “Disable ads based on interests”. When you have opted out using this setting on a device, advertisers will not use in-app information collected from that device to infer your interests or serve ads to that device that are targeted based on your inferred interests.
5. Data Retention
GGDS retains the data collected pursuant to this Privacy Policy for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. Thereafter if the collected data is no longer needed for purposes specified in this Privacy Policy, GGDS deletes all aforementioned data in its possession within a reasonable timeframe.
Irrespective of the above, GGDS may still retain some of the data to the extent such retention is necessary to resolve disputes, enforce GGDS user agreements, and comply with technical and legal requirements and constraints related to the security, integrity, and operation of Services.
Information we collect may be stored or processed on computers located in any country where we do business.
6. Cookies, Beacons and Tracking
The Services may use “cookies” and other technologies such as pixel tags, locally shared objects, and web beacons. GGDS treats information collected by cookies and similar technologies as non-personal data.
7. Third Party Terms and Conditions
To operate the service, we also may make identifiable and anonymous information available to third parties in these limited circumstances: (1) with your express consent, (2) when we have a good faith belief it is required by law, (3) when we have a good faith belief it is necessary to protect our rights or property, or (4) to any successor or purchaser in a merger, acquisition, liquidation, dissolution or sale of assets. Your consent will not be required for disclosure in these cases, but we will attempt to notify you, to the extent permitted by law to do so.
8. Safeguards
GGDS follows generally accepted industry standards and maintains reasonable safeguards to attempt to ensure the security, integrity, and privacy of the information in GGDS’s possession. Data collected by GGDS is stored in secure operating environments that are not available to the public. To prevent unauthorized on-line access to data, GGDS maintains data behind a firewall-protected server. However, no security or encryption method can be guaranteed to protect information from hackers or human error.
9. Other
If you are under 13 years of age or a minor in your country of residence, please ask your legal guardian’s permission to use or access the Services. GGDS encourages parents and/or guardians to play an active role in their children’s online experience at all times. GGDS does not knowingly contact or collect information from children under 13. If you believe GGDS has inadvertently collected such information, please contact us so GGDS can promptly obtain parental consent or remove the information.