We use essential cookies to make our site work. With your consent, we may also use non-essential cookies to improve user experience and analyze website traffic. By clicking “Accept,” you agree to our website's cookie use as described in our
Cookie Policy
. You can change your cookie settings at any time by clicking “
Preferences
.”
Preferences
Decline
Accept
You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Privacy Policy
Demi Journee Limited, trading as HireUp (we/us), is committed to protecting the privacy of users of our Application and Services.
This Privacy Policy sets out the basis of and explains how Personal Information (as defined below) is collected, used, and disclosed within the HireUp application (Application).
Our mission is to create a more effective referrals program for both employees and employers, all the while respecting the rights of all users to their individual privacy collected through our Application and the associated Services (Services). As such, we collect the information you provide us with your permission all in the hope of making a recommendation or recruiting the right candidate for companies who use our Application and Services (Purpose).
By using the Application and Services you accept the policies and practices described in this Privacy Policy. Each time you use the Application or provide us with information, you agree that you are consenting to our use and disclosure of the information that you provide, solely for the Purpose and consenting to receive notifications (including by text and email), all as further described in this Privacy Policy.
Personal Information means any and all information about you that is personally identifiable to you (for example your name, personal/business address, e-mail address, resume or phone number as well as other personal information) as well as other non-public information that is associated with the such information, and Non-Personal Information means information that is not associated with or linked to your Personal Information.
Overview
HireUp collects data as a Data Controller in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of Personal Data and on the free movement of such data. We will deal with the office of the Data Protection Commissioner in Ireland as the Lead Supervisory Authority for regulating all data protection matters within the Group. At HireUp, we promise that all the data you send to us is processed fairly and lawfully, and with due skill and care. We will also commit to you that the data you submit is solely used in accordance with the purposes as set out in this policy.
Collection of Personal Information
HireUp collects and uses your personal information (Personal Data) which you have provided to us to perform the referral functions/services you have requested, either as an employer, employee or job candidate. Personal Data will generally consist of your name, contact details and CV. HireUp will confirm your consent for us to hold your personal information before it is stored and processed.
The following outlines, but is not limited to, how data is collected by us:
The Personal Data that we collect and process will vary depending on whether you are an Administrative user for a company, employee of said company or an applicant who has been referred to said company's open job vacancies. Each of these is outlined below.
Job Applicant
The Personal Data will be requested, stored, processed, used and disclosed by HireUp to allow you to submit your information and CV to jobs which have been referred to you. We may from time to time communicate with you regarding feedback on your experience with HireUp or additional HireUp services which may interest you, both of which you may opt out of.
Employee
The Personal Data will be requested, stored, processed, used and disclosed by HireUp to allow you to submit your information and CV to jobs which have been referred to you. We may from time to time communicate with you regarding feedback on your experience with HireUp or additional HireUp services which may interest you, both of which you may opt out of.
Employer
The Personal Data will be requested, stored, processed, used and disclosed by HireUp to allow you to manage your referral program through HireUp. We may from time to time communicate with you regarding feedback on your experience with HireUp or additional HireUp services which may interest you, both of which you may opt out of.
How we use the information
We may use this information as follows:
- To complete internal Analytics and Reporting
- To provide you with the Services you request from us
- Assist you in recruiting a candidate (if you are not a candidate but use the Application for the purpose of referring someone to a role or you are in an employer)
- To contact you and provide you with information that may be useful to you, including newsletters, competition updates and how your referrals are doing in the hiring process, this is subject to you granting consent to receive this information from us
- To notify you about changes to the Application or Services
- If you are an employee you are linked to a referred candidate's job application throughout the entire process through a distinct user token taken from the url. Once you refer someone/share out a job to someone your job is done, you'll be linked to that candidate from then on.
HireUp retains your data for 3 years. After this retention period, we will contact you for permission to continue to retain your information. Without your further consent, your data will be archived and unavailable for use by any parties outlined in this Privacy Policy. You may request access to this data by following the steps outlined below in Right to Access.
We will not process your data for non-HireUp related marketing purposes.
The above services may be opted out of by contacting us at the email set out below or by changing your notification settings.
How we use the information
We may collect and store information locally on your device using mechanisms such as browser web storage (including HTML 5) and application data caches.
Cookies and similar technologies
We may use cookies and similar technologies to ensure that we give you the best experience throughout the product.
Disclosure of Information
We may disclose candidates' Personal Information to employers who may have postings for job openings. We do not control the ways by which Employers may use, process or further disclose information they obtain from us. We do not own the data collected on third party support pages.
We may also disclose your Personal Information: (i) if such disclosure is made to comply with applicable law or order (such as order issued by a court or an authorized administrative agency, respond to a subpoena, legal process, warrant etc); (ii) to our service providers for the purpose of providing their services such as credit card processing, information technology services, and hosting services; or (iii) as part of a merger or consolidation, or as part of the sale of stock or assets of the business to which the information pertains.
Please note that when you voluntarily provide Personal Information, it may be collected and used by the entities to which you disclose such information. We cannot be responsible for Personal Information you voluntarily disclose or distribute.
Right to Access
If you would like a copy of all information held related to you please email us at info@hireuponline.com. Please supply details of your username and email address which you supplied when registering. Please note that to protect your privacy we may require further information to verify your identity.
Right to be Forgotten (Data Erasure)
Both temporary account deactivation and permanent account deletion is provided by HireUp.
You may temporarily deactive your account, from which point your account and Personal Information will no longer be accessible or visible to your employer, referees, or other companies. You can reactivate your account by logging back in to your account, from which point your information will visible as described in this Privacy Policy.
Where we currently hold personal information about you, you may at any time request that we erase or provide a copy of this information to you. All such deletions should be sent to info@hireuponline.com from the email address of record and these will be actioned within one week and you will receive confirmation that this has been completed. Please note that to protect your privacy we may require further information to verify your identity. We may only refuse your request where we are legally obliged to do so. Where your request has been refused we will provide you with reasons for this refusal. We will then hold such data for only as long as it is necessarily required by law.
You may at any time update or amend your personal data in the Settings section of the HireUp Application.
Employers Use of Your Profile
We do not have any control over how an employer uses and discloses your Personal Information, including information you provide directly to that employer. You acknowledge and agree that, (i) we do not evaluate any employer's privacy practices, and (ii) we will not have any liability whatsoever for any actions of any employer.
Third-party Integrations
HireUp may be integrated with a particular company's (ATS) Applicant Tracking System, HRMS (Human Resources Management System) or similar system, in which case some, or all information you provide during any job application process may be passed on to the abovementioned system. In this case, your information will held and processed in line with the company's internal data policy. If you wish to retrieve or remove your information from the abovementioned systems, you will have to contact the company directly. HireUp is not responsible for data held these third-party providers.
Security
We use a variety of industry-standard security technologies and procedures to protect your Personal Information from unauthorised access, use, or disclosure. While HireUp takes all due care in ensuring the privacy and integrity of the information that you provide, we recognise that no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. The possibility exists that this information could be unlawfully observed by a third party while in transit over the Internet. HireUp accepts no liability should this occur. You assume all responsibility and risk for your use of the Application and the information you post or access through the Application.
In the unlikely event of a data breach that HireUp deems to be a risk to the rights and freedom of an individual, we will immediately inform the relevant users as well as the Data Protection Commissioner. In an event where HireUp does not have to notify the Data Protection Commissioner of the breach itself and the facts relating to the breach, its effects and any remedial action taken will be documented. The Guidelines on Personal data breach notification by the Article 29 Data Protection Working Party will be used to assess risk.
Links to Other Sites
The Application may contain links to other sites, such as a company's career site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our Application and to read the privacy statements of each and every site that collects personally identifiable information from you.
User Feedback
If you provide us with any feedback, such comments become our exclusive property. We may use this feedback for marketing purposes and/or to add to or modify the Services without any obligation, monetary or otherwise, to you.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is subject to revisions from time to time, and we will notify you via email of any changes. Should you object to any such modifications, you must cease using our Service and request that we delete your profile from the Application. Continued use of the Application and the Services following any such change will indicate your acknowledgement of such change and total agreement to be bound by revised Privacy Policy. All such changes will apply to previously collected information. Therefore, we would recommend that you please make sure you read this Privacy Policy carefully and regularly.
Contact
If you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy or wish to delete your personal information from our servers, please contact us at: info@hireuponline.com.