EN
Solutions
We offer a diverse range of products and services designed for a swift and straightforward understanding of your audience. Gain insights with speed and simplicity.
Sectors
Lead the way in your sector by exploring our latest industry insights and solutions, tailored to your industry.
Sectors
Agencies
Automotive
Charities & non-profit
Financial services
FMCG
Government & academia
Health & pharma
Leisure & entertainment
Media & content
Retail
Sports
Technology
Telco
Travel & tourism
Video gaming & esports
All sector data
Resources
The latest trends, analysis and insights: data that inspires game-changing strategies, solutions and campaigns.
Resources
White papers and reports
Latest deep-dives in your sector
Articles
Fresh trends & insights
How-to resources
Learnings from our experts
Customer success stories
Case studies
Methodology matters
Evidence-based best practices for survey research
Company
Learn more about YouGov.
Company
/Research Reality
About us
Our panel
Our approach to privacy & security
News and Press Releases
Careers at YouGov
Global affiliate partnerships
Frequently asked questions
Contact
Contact
Submit an inquiry
Prefer email? We'll come back to you within 24 hours.
Get in touch
Book a demo
Ready to hear more?
Schedule a time that works for you
Call me
Prefer a call? We'll call you back within 24 hours.
Get in touch
Sign in
Sign in
Business
I access YouGov products and services as a business.
Sign in as a client
Members
I take surveys and earn points as a member of the YouGov panel.
Sign in as a member
Search
Language
English
Deutsch
Français
Español
Português
Italiano
EN
Solutions
Sectors
Resources
Company
Contact
Audience
Market
Consumer
Pricing
Advertising
/Research
Brand
Shopper
Media
Audience
Market
Reality
Explore brand tracking
Run a survey
Discover our solutions
The most accurate data
YouGov provides unparalleled levels of data accuracy. Ground your research and data in reality to make more impactful decisions and outperform your competition.
The most engaged members
Our approach to panel is unique. Access millions of engaged, real people, representing all demographics.
The most pioneering tech
Tech & AI that augments real data, from real people, with no distortions. Interrogate reality in new ways with our powerful tools and dashboards.
The most trusted experts
Our community of trusted experts support the full-lifecycle of reality powered research and insights.
“With YouGov’s rapid pre-test capabilities we are able to gain a valuable understanding of consumer sentiment so we can make data-informed, strategic marketing decisions before the ad launches on TV.”
Clare White,
Head of Marketing Communications
Read the case study
YouGov was the most accurate pollster of the 2025 German federal election
YouGov’s Best Global Brands 2025
YouGov’s redefined brand focuses on /Research Reality
Should AI-generated search summaries replace traditional search?
Insights on high-spending make-up consumers in Great Britain
X partners with Visa, but will users adopt its financial ecosystem?
Brits care about sustainability, but will they pay more for green tech?
Live streaming – Who watches, where, and why
Is ESG in finance a priority for American consumers in 2025?
Automotive
Agencies
Charities & Non-profit
Financial Services
FMCG
Government & Academia
Health & Pharma
Leisure & Entertainment
Media & Content
Retail
Sport
Technology
Telco
Travel
Video Gaming & Esports
Our use of cookies
We use cookies to improve the functionality and performance of our website, to analyse web traffic and for advertising purposes.
Learn more
Cookies Settings
Don’t Accept
Accept
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms.    You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site.    All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages.    If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.

We also use Google's marketing solution ("enhanced conversions for leads"), which sends hashed user data from our web forms (your contact data) to Google to improve our marketing campaigns. By agreeing to targeting cookies, you also agree to our use of enhanced conversions for leads. You can read more about this solution at https://support.google.com/google-ads/answer/9888656?hl=en
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label