Splitser takes its users’ privacy very seriously and acts in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (Algemene Verordening Gegevensbescherming) at all times. We advise you to read this privacy statement carefully.
1. What is Splitser?
Splitser is an online service and app which you can use to keep a list of joint expenses. You can add expenses and have a look at the group balance. When you settle a list, Splitser will calculate who should pay what amount and to whom.
Splitser is part of Splitser B.V., a private limited company with its registered office at Prinsengracht 769, (1017 JZ) Amsterdam (registered at the Chamber of Commerce under number 70616167).
2. Which personal data does Splitser process?
Account information
If you want to use Splitser, you will have to set up an account via the website (splister.com) or the Splitser app. When you set up your account, you have to enter your email address, first and last name and a password. After you have set up your account, you have to confirm the email address you provided by clicking the confirmation link in the email you receive.
If you like, you can add a profile picture to your account. You can also add photos to the expenses, such as photos of receipts, and you can also add photos to your lists.
Furthermore, you can choose to add your bank account IBAN/BIC and the name of the bank account holder to your account. If you add your IBAN/BIC, you agree to us providing your IBAN/BIC to the members who owe you money, so that they know which bank account number to transfer the money to.
Information in lists
When you make a list or when you accept being added to someone else’s list, Splitser processes financial information such as the amount of the expenses in question, the division of the expenses, the persons to whom you owe money or vice versa and a description of the expenses.
In “My lists” you can see an overview of the lists you are participating in. All members are able to look at the balance on the list. You can view the expenses, balance, settlements and other members of each list. You can also find a PDF here of the settled lists. If a list has been settled, all the members will receive an email containing a PDF of the settlement.
Add and invite members
You can add members to a list by entering a valid email address. Splitser will then send an email invitation to that email address. The addressee may then accept the invitation by clicking on a link in the email. If the invitee does not yet have a Splitser account, he/she must create such an account before he/she can participate in the list. If the invitee rejects the invitation, his/her email address will be deleted and the member will be anonymous in the list. If there is no response to your invitation, you can resend it. It is also possible to add members without an email address.
If you want to tell a friend about Splitser, you can send a link via the website or via the app. Splitser has no access to your contacts and does not store contact information of friends to whom you send a message.
IP address and peripheral equipment data
To ensure that Splitser works optimally, e.g. to secure and improve the service, Splitser collects automatically generated data such as your IP address and information about the peripheral equipment you use.
3. What we do with your personal data
Purposes
Splitser uses your personal data for the following purposes:
to enable your use of the Splitser service;
to set up anonymised statistics;
for security purposes and to prevent fraud;
to improve Splitser;
to disclose information about you to third parties, provided you have given permission to do so or if we are obliged to do so on the basis of laws and regulations and/or case law or if this is required in order to protect our own rights;
to keep you updated about developments in the Splitser service;
to send you notifications, provided you have chosen that option in the app settings.
4. Hyperlinks to third-party websites
Splitser may contain hyperlinks to third-party websites and services. If you click on such a link, you will leave the Splitser service and you will be redirected to a third-party website. Splitser has no knowledge of or control over third-party services and/or websites to which hyperlinks refer. Splitser’s privacy statement does not apply to the use of your personal data by those third parties. Splitser is not liable for third-party services and/or websites.
5. Transfer of enterprise
Splitser may transfer its enterprise / the Splitser service to a third party. In such event, your personal data will be transferred as well. We will at all times give ample notice of such a transfer. If you do not wish to continue using Splitser after receiving such notice, you may delete your account.
6. Security
Splitser takes adequate technical and organisational measures to protect your personal data against loss or unlawful processing. For example, all data is transmitted via a secure connection (SSL) and passwords are encrypted.
7. Access and corrections
You may view and change the account information in your account. If you want an overview of your personal data that is processed by Splitser, you can request it via
info@splitser.com
.
If you want Splitser to delete your data, you may terminate your account. In order to terminate your account, you must first remove yourself from all lists. You can only do so if your balance on that list is zero. Go to Members, click your own name and then click “Leave list”. Once you are removed from all lists,
follow this link to delete your account
.
If your account is deleted, your personal data will be deleted as well, except insofar as your personal data has been included in PDF files regarding settled payments. Those files cannot be deleted since the other members would no longer have access to the settlement information. After deleting your account, your personal data may still be stored because it is required to finalise the service or because it is a statutory requirement to store the data. Besides PDFs, we cannot delete transaction data as long as a list is active.
8. Term of storage
Personal data may not be stored for longer than is required for the purposes for which the data has been collected or processed.
9. Transfers to countries outside the EU
In order to provide our service, Splitser relies on third party services. We places high demands on the companies providing these services; they need to have strict privacy policies. Preferably they are established in the EU, have a EU-based data centre, or else comply with the Privacy Shield and GDPR regulations. Splitser works with the following third parties / services:
Amazon Web Services
(DE).
Google Analytics
(US). IP-address gets anonymized.
Firebase
(US). Is being used to log crashes. Only user ID is sent, not e-mail address.
Rollbar
(US). Is being used to track bugs. Only user ID is sent.
10. Minors
If you are not yet 16 years old, you will need permission from your parents or legal representative to use Splitser. By creating an account, you declare that you are 16 years or over, or that you have permission from your parents or legal representative.
11. Amending the privacy statement
This privacy statement may be amended, for example when new functionalities are added to the service. Any amendments are made known via the Splitser service or by means of a message to users.
Questions?
If you have any questions regarding the use of your personal data, please contact us via
info@splitser.com