Privacy Policy
TH
|
EN
GAMEINDY Privacy Policy
GAMEINDY Company Limited ("GAMEINDY") is dedicated to protecting the privacy rights of our online users ("user" or "player" or "you"). This privacy policy was created to inform you of how we collect, store, use and manage the information you provide in connection with any game or application of the indie game ("Service"). This privacy policy is limited to information collected from GAMEINDY in use.
By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. GAMEINDY may amend this Privacy Policy. We encourage you to review our privacy policy regularly.
Collected and used information
The main purpose of GAMEINDY is to collect user information, for good service, comfortability and enjoyability of the service. When you install any game or program or service of GAMEINDY, we collect and record the information that you intentionally give us through www.facebook.com ("Facebook") in accordance with Facebook's policies and conditions.
The types of personal information collected in accordance with the above activities may vary depending on the activity. This "personal information" means information about you that can be used to contact or identify you. Personal information may include: (1) Your name (2) Your Facebook identity, (3) Email address. We may also receive information from you through (1) access and participation in the board. Your message in the service (2) The email address of the question to our customer support, or (3) The purchase of any kind of virtual product. Please note that because of third-party websites, by this we do not have access to your credit card details and billing information. GAMEINDY can also invite you to share non-personal information about yourself, which may include but not limited to: (1) your age or date of birth; (2) your gender; information (3) about the hardware you may own; (4) your favorite sites, friends, and fan page information(Collectively referred to as "non-personal information"). If non-personal information is held for activities that still require personal information, GAMEINDY may incorporate your non-personal information into your personal information. We try to provide you with a better user experience to improve the quality and value of the service and it will analyze how our service will be used. This service will also record gaming information such as your high score or session duration in the game.
In addition to the information collection as described above, you may choose to share additional information about the service throughout the game or the text board, such as in games or in message boards. The actions you take against other players are considered by the people and it is in your discretion.
Finally, when you access any of our services, we may collect aggregate information, including but not limited to Internet Protocol addresses, browser types, browser languages, page out / and URL types, platform types, clicks, domain names. Landing page View and order from those pages, the amount of time spent on particular pages, and the date and time of this activity. We use this information to better tailor our services to your interests and to increase overall services.
Disclosure of your personal information
You understand and agree that we may be required to disclose any personal information if the request is made in good faith or in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to avoid liability for compliance with legal processes, including but not limited to search warrant, subpoena, statute or order of the court, or to protect our rights and property or that of the public. Please note that GAMEINDY may not need to ask or discuss about the accuracy of any warrant searches, subpoena, or any other similar government requests that GAMEINDY may receive.
In the event of a merging, acquisition, reorganization, bankruptcy or other similar event, customer information may be transferred to the successor of the GAMEINDY or transferee if permitted by applicable law.
Cookies
A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your computer's hard disk. Typically, to identify a user's computer quickly and to "remember" something about a user's visit, such as your settings or username and password. The service sends cookies to your computer when you access or view the content of the game. The information contained in cookies may be associated with your personal information for purposes such as improving the quality of the service, make suggestions based on your interests and make comfortable use of the service to you. You can disable cookies at any time. However, you may not be able to access that service.
Link
The service may have links to other websites. The fact that this service links to a website or banner, ads, or other type of advertising does not mean GAMEINDY join or have rights in third parties or represent the third party. GAMEINDY takes no responsibility for the privacy policies of those other websites that you choose to access from the service. Please read their privacy policy when leaving our service.
Change or delete your data.
You may update or delete any personal information by changing the information on your profile page in Facebook. If you completely delete your data, your account may become disabled. If you would like us to delete your record in our system, please contact us and we will try to facilitate your request if we are not legally obliged to keep that record.
Apply for a deletion of player data
Your player profile is important. This will keep your progress in game and any items that you have purchased such as in-game currency include with entire of purchase history. Furthermore, If you have GAMEINDY ID, Your player profile also record your friends list. Deletion of player data is irreversible. Therefore, you must consider these factors before deciding to delete your data. You will lose progress, friend list and various free items and purchased items in all of our games. If you decide to come back in the future, you will have to start all over from the first level again.
If you want to continue and request to delete all your player data. You will need to send us an email with the following basic information :
Specify title "Request for permanent deletion of my account"
Enter your real name
Enter game name
Enter your ID number or in-game ID.
Send an email to
When we receive your request email, we will inform you to provide an additional identity to confirm your personal information. We will stay in touch with you via email during the duration of the request until completion.
Security
We have put in place appropriate technical and management measures designed to safeguard your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, data application, modification, or disclosure. However, we can not guarantee that a licensed third party could not be able to overcome those measures or use your personal information for improper purposes. Please note that email and messaging are not considered secure, so we may not recommend sending personal information through these media.
Child Related Policy
The service does not focus on children under the age of 13. Also, we do not collect personal information from children under the age of 13. If we learn that a child under the age of 13 has given us personal information, we will remove that information from our files as soon as possible. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
support.gameindy.com