Labyrinthos LLC is committed to protecting the personal information you share with us. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, store, use, and disclose information. This Privacy Policy applies to our mobile application (“App”), our website labyrinthos.co (“Website”), and our business activities, collectively referred to as our services (“Services”). By using our Services or providing information to us, you consent to us collecting, storing, using, and disclosing information as described in this Privacy Policy.
Acceptance of Terms
The provisions contained in this Privacy Policy supersede all previous notices and statements regarding our privacy practices with respect to the Services. If you do not agree to all provisions of this Privacy Policy, you may not access or use the Services.
We may update or modify this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy or the way we use, share or collect Personal Information, we will notify you by revising the “Effective Date” at the top of this Privacy Policy, prominently posting an announcement of the changes on our Services, or by sending you a written communication using the contact information you provided us prior to the new policy taking effect. Users are bound by any changes to the Privacy Policy if they use our Services after notice of such changes has been communicated. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy regularly to ensure that you are familiar Labyrinthos' current practices.
Further, you acknowledge that this Privacy Policy is part of our Terms of Service at labyrinthos.co/pages/terms-of-service and is incorporated therein by reference. By accessing or using our Services, you agree to be bound by the Terms of Service. If you do not agree to our Terms of Service, do not access or use our Service.
Information Collection
When you use our Services, we collect information that you provide to us. Additionally, certain information is automatically collected from you. Some of this information may identify you (“Personal Information”), and some of this information may not identify you (“Anonymous Information”). Sometimes, Anonymous Information may directly or indirectly be associated or combined with Personal information. In these cases, such Anonymous Information will be considered Personal Information for purposes of this Privacy Policy. In addition, to the extent that Internet Protocol (“IP”) addresses or similar identifiers or information are considered personally identifiable information by applicable law, we will treat those items as Personal Information under this Privacy Policy.
Information You Provide to Us
Information you may provide includes your name, email, mobile number, Facebook or Apple username, birth date, place of birth, and time of birth, and login or account name.
Labyrinthos uses third parties to process payments – we do not collect or store credit card information.
If you provide your phone number, we send a few kinds of transactional text messages directly relating to your use of your Services, like confirming your account and resetting your password. By providing your mobile phone number, you expressly consent to receive this type of transactional text messages from us at that number. Third-party data and message fees may apply.
Information Collected Automatically From Devices
When you access our Services, we may automatically collect information that is linked to your computer, phone, or other device, including information related to your behavior and activity while interacting with us, such as your IP address, operating system and version, local time zone, date, time, and activity of your request, device type (e.g. desktop, laptop, tablet, phone, etc.), device manufacturer, screen size, and language preference.
Consistent with most websites, we use cookies and pixel tags. Cookies are small text files used to collect information and pixels are transparent images that allow us to understand how users interact with our Websites. The Websites use necessary cookies and analytics cookies.
Do Not Track
Do Not Track (“DNT”) is an optional browser setting that allows you to express your preferences regarding tracking by advertisers and other third parties. We employ technology to recognize and respect DNT preferences that you set in your web browser.
Use of Data
In general, we use the information we collect to provide you with the best possible Services, and continually improve them over time.
Specifically, we may use Anonymous Information as well as Personal Information as described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy to improve our Services, to ensure our Services work properly, and for other research and commercial purposes. These purposes include, among other things, to:
To provide the Services and related notices;
To create user accounts and/or profiles through registration;
To respond to your inquiries and/or requests about our Services and products;
To administer, maintain, analyze, improve, and customize the Services and create a better experience for users in our Services;
To provide or send information about our Services;
To send transactional emails or text messages directly relating to your use of your Services (e.g., confirming your account and resetting your password);
To receive feedback and provide customer and technical support for the Services;
To conduct surveys, research, and audits;
To fulfill any orders placed through the Websites (including processing your payment information, arranging for shipping, and providing you with invoices and/or order confirmations);
To provide information to our representatives and/or advisors, such as our attorneys, accountants, and others to help us comply with legal, accounting, or security requirements;
To verify and respond to your requests regarding your personal information or questions you may have about this Privacy Policy;
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it;
To provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless you have opted not to receive such information;
To detect, prevent, and investigate actual or suspected fraud, hacking, infringement, or other misconduct involving the Services; and for other purposes disclosed at the time of collection;
In any other way we may describe when you provide the information;
For any other purpose with your consent.
Additionally, we may use your personal information if we think we need to or are permitted to for legal purposes, to protect our business, our rights, or our property, or to address activity that may be illegal, unethical, or legally actionable.
Sharing of Data
Labyrinthos does not sell your personal information to third parties, nor do we disclose personal information to third parties for direct marketing purposes.
We may share Anonymous Information with third parties as described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy and to improve our Services and for other commercial purposes.
We take your privacy seriously, and may disclose Personal Information only as follows:
To Authorized Business Partners. Authorized Business Partners are third parties whose services Labyrinthos uses to operate and improve our own Services. These third parties include agents, contractors, vendors, system integrators, etc. Labyrinthos, our affiliates, and our business partners may share this Personal Information with each other and use it consistent with this Privacy Policy. They may also combine it with other information to provide and improve our Services.
To customer support employees. Authorized customer support employees may access to your Personal Information as needed to resolve issues you encounter on our Services and help you use our Services.
We may share information about you for legal, safety, and security reasons. We may share information about you if we reasonably believe that disclosing the information is needed to:
comply with any valid legal process, governmental request, or applicable law, rule, or regulation.
investigate, remedy, or enforce potential Terms of Service violations.
protect the rights, property, or safety of us, our users, or others.
detect and resolve any fraud or security concerns.
We may share information about you as part of a merger or acquisition. If Labyrinthos gets involved in a merger, asset sale, financing, liquidation or bankruptcy, or acquisition of all or some portion of our business to another company, we may share your information with that company before and after the transaction closes.
WE DO NOT SELL PERSONAL INFORMATION
We have never sold your Personal Information, and we will not sell your Personal Information to third parties for their use without your consent.
Protecting Children's Privacy
Our Services are not directed to children under the age of thirteen (13), and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of thirteen (13). If you are not thirteen (13) years or older, do not use our Website, Apps, or Services. If you believe that we have received the information of a child, please contact us at faculty@labyrinthos.co.
Erasure Law
In accordance with California law, minors under the age of eighteen (18) residing in California may remove, or request and obtain the removal of, content and information that they share on the Websites or App. To remove or to request and obtain the removal of such content and information, the user must email faculty@labyrinthos.co. Users should be aware that removing content and information posted by a minor does not ensure complete or comprehensive erasure of content or information posted on our Services.
Under certain circumstances, Labyrinthos may not have to comply with the above removal requirements. Labyrinthos also reserves the right, to the extent permitted by law, to anonymize the posted content or information or to make such content or information invisible to other users and the public, instead of removing or deleting the content or information.
California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”)
Under CCPA, Californian residents have the right to declare their preferences on the sale of data for advertising and marketing purposes. If you wish to change your preferences, click this link to launch our preference portal:
We use a third-party to provide monetisation technologies for our site. You can review their privacy and cookie policy at https://publift.com/privacy-policy/.
Links to Third-Party Websites
When you use our Services, you may be directed to other websites and applications that are beyond our control. We may also allow third-party websites or applications to link to the Services. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of any third parties or the content of linked websites and applications, but we do encourage you to read the applicable privacy policies and terms and conditions of such parties, websites, and applications. This Privacy Policy only applies to the Services.
Social Media Features
Keep in mind that the users who view any content you share (e.g. your profile or your DMs) can always save that content or copy it outside the app. So, the same common sense that applies to the internet at large applies to Labyrinthos as well: Don’t share or make public any content that you wouldn’t want someone else to save or share.
Data Security
We have implemented reasonable technical and organizational precautions to protect the confidentiality, security and integrity of your personal information from accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, disclosure, or unauthorized access. We cannot guarantee the security of information transmitted to us over the internet.
The security of your data is important to us but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Data Storage
The Personal Information that you provide to us is generally stored on servers maintained by Heroku. These servers are located in the United States. If you are located in another jurisdiction, you should be aware that once your Personal Information is submitted through our Services, it will be transferred to our servers in the United States and therefore governed by local data protection laws, which can vary state by state.
Data Retention
We will retain your personal information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.
We will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
International Users
Labyrinthos is headquartered in the United States, and we store personal information on servers located in the United States, which may not have the same data protection laws as the country in which you reside. If you are using our Services from outside the United States or Canada, your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed in the United States and Canada. By using our Services, you consent to such transfers of this information.
We may act as a “controller” as defined under applicable data protection law when we process your information from the Website, Apps, and Services. Generally, we rely on our legitimate interests when processing this information. These legitimate interests include providing our Services, operating our Website and Apps, and our other business purposes. We also may process your personal information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you. If consent is the legal basis, we will obtain your consent and let you know how you can withdraw it.
Your Rights
If you would like to update your contact information or preferences, have your information removed from our records, or if you have comments or questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at faculty@labyrinthos.co.
You are not obligated to provide us your information. If you decline to do so, we may be unable to respond to your requests or questions, and without certain information like your birth date, place of birth, and time of birth, some or all features of the Services may not be available or work at all.
You may opt out of email communications at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link within any message that you receive.
You can control how your browser responds to cookies by adjusting the privacy and security settings of your web browser. You may set your browser to not accept cookies, but this may limit certain functionalities on the Websites. How to opt out depends on the type of browser and/or device you are using. If you would like to opt out of analytics cookies, you may opt out of Google Analytics.
If you reside or are in certain jurisdictions, you may have rights and protections in relation to your information under applicable laws. These rights may include the right to access, delete, correct, move (or port), object to the processing and limit the processing of your information as well as the right to lodge a complaint with a regulator. These rights are not absolute, are subject to exceptions, and we may be required or permitted by law to decline your request. To the extent required and permitted by applicable laws, we will process your request, and if applicable, we may ask you for additional information to verify your identity. If you would like to exercise your rights or have questions about the way we process your personal information, please contact us at faculty@labyrinthos.co.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update or modify this Privacy Policy from time to time and will alert you that changes have been made by indicating on the Privacy Policy the date it was last updated at the top of this Privacy Policy, prominently posting an announcement of the changes on our Services, or by sending you a written communication using the contact information you provided us prior to the new policy taking effect. Users are bound by any changes to the Privacy Policy if they use our Websites, Apps, and Services after notice of such changes has been communicated. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy regularly to ensure that you are familiar with Labyrinthos' current practices.
Contact Us
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us at faculty@labyrinthos.co.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://labyrinthos.co/policies/privacy-policy:
We value your privacy
We use cookies and other technologies to personalize your experience, perform marketing, and collect analytics. Learn more in our
Privacy Policy.
Manage preferences
Accept
Decline
Search
Home
Shop
Expand submenu
Collapse submenu
Tarot
Lenormand & Oracle
Tarot Workbooks
Altar Cloths & More
Sets
App
Learn
Expand submenu
Collapse submenu
Tarot Meanings List
Lenormand Meanings List
Tarot Spreads
Astrology
Rune Meanings
Blog
About
Support
Expand submenu
Collapse submenu
Support Center
Contact Us
💖 Free USA Shipping for orders $100+ 💖
Privacy policy
This Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit or make a purchase from labyrinthos.co (the “Site”).
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
When you visit the Site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. Additionally, as you browse the Site, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the Site, and information about how you interact with the Site. We refer to this automatically-collected information as “Device Information”.
We collect Device Information using the following technologies:
- “Cookies” are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier. For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
- “Log files” track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.
- “Web beacons”, “tags”, and “pixels” are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the Site.
Additionally when you make a purchase or attempt to make a purchase through the Site, we collect certain information from you, including your name, billing address, shipping address, payment information (including credit card numbers), email address, and phone number. We refer to this information as “Order Information”.
When we talk about “Personal Information” in this Privacy Policy, we are talking both about Device Information and Order Information.
HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We use the Order Information that we collect generally to fulfill any orders placed through the Site (including processing your payment information, arranging for shipping, and providing you with invoices and/or order confirmations). Additionally, we use this Order Information to:
- Communicate with you;
- Screen our orders for potential risk or fraud; and
- When in line with the preferences you have shared with us, provide you with information or advertising relating to our products or services.
We use the Device Information that we collect to help us screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your IP address), and more generally to improve and optimize our Site (for example, by generating analytics about how our customers browse and interact with the Site, and to assess the success of our marketing and advertising campaigns).
SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We share your Personal Information with third parties to help us use your Personal Information, as described above. For example, we use Shopify to power our online store--you can read more about how Shopify uses your Personal Information here: https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy. We also use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the Site -- you can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/. You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Finally, we may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.
BEHAVIOURAL ADVERTISING
As described above, we use your Personal Information to provide you with targeted advertisements or marketing communications we believe may be of interest to you. For more information about how targeted advertising works, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s (“NAI”) educational page at http://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising/how-does-it-work.
You can opt out of targeted advertising by using the links below:
- Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=ads
- Google: https://www.google.com/settings/ads/anonymous
- Bing: https://advertise.bingads.microsoft.com/en-us/resources/policies/personalized-ads
Additionally, you can opt out of some of these services by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out portal at: http://optout.aboutads.info/.
DO NOT TRACK
Please note that we do not alter our Site’s data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser.
YOUR RIGHTS
If you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below.
Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an order through the Site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above. Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to Canada and the United States.
DATA RETENTION
When you place an order through the Site, we will maintain your Order Information for our records unless and until you ask us to delete this information.
CHANGES
We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.
MINORS
The Site is not intended for individuals under the age of 18.
CONTACT US
For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e‑mail at faculty@labyrinthos.co or by mail using the details provided below:
Tina Gong
Labyrinthos LLC
[Re: Privacy Compliance Officer]
PO Box 721355
Jackson Heights, NY 11372
Sign Up for Free Tarot Classes
Labyrinthos is an online tarot school that brings the ancient ritual of tarot to modern practice. When you sign up for our newsletter, you’ll receive a free 3-part tarot guide straight to your inbox to help you get started:
✨ Keywords for every card
✨ Suit Correspondences
✨ Numerology Basics
Start your journey and explore even more learning tools in the Labyrinthos app. 🌟
Sign up to our mailing list
Subscribe
Go to Top
This website uses cookies to track our traffic and marketing efforts so that we may better serve you.
Privacy Policy
Accept
Judge.me