Privacy Commitment
At Corus, we understand that protecting your privacy is critical to maintaining our relationship. This Privacy Commitment to communicates the principles that guide our approach your personal information.  It should be read with our
Privacy Policy
, which describes our specific practices with respect to personal information, including why we collect and use it, and with whom we share it.
Our Privacy Commitment to you:
We only collect personal information by lawful and fair means, and, where appropriate, with your knowledge or consent.
We inform you of the purposes for which your personal information is collected at or before the time the information is collected.
We only collect personal information relevant for the purposes that it is to be used.
We strive to keep your personal information accurate, complete and up-to-date as is reasonably necessary for those purposes.
We use and disclose personal information only for the purposes previously identified unless you provide us with your consent or by the authority of law.
We keep your personal information only for as long as is necessary, or as required by law.
We strive to protect your personal information against loss or unauthorized access, destruction, use, modification, or disclosure. We use physical, technical, and administrative safeguards that are appropriate to the sensitivity of the information.
We make specific information about our practices and policies with respect to the management of personal information readily available to you.
We inform you, upon request, of the existence, use or disclosure of your personal information.
We amend your personal information when it is found to be inaccurate or incomplete.
We are responsible for the personal information under our control. Our Chief Privacy Officer oversees a privacy management program that is designed to protect your personal information.
If you have questions that are not addressed in this Privacy Commitment or our Privacy Policy, please contact us at
privacy@corusent.com
.
Privacy Policy
Version Date: December 1, 2023
Corus Entertainment Inc. and its
affiliates
(“
Corus
”) understand and appreciate the concerns that our customers, subscribers, audience members, and other members of the public with whom we interact (“
you
” or “
your
”) may have about personal information gathered by us.
With this Privacy Policy, along with our
Privacy Commitment
,
Corus strives to provide you transparency and ensure the confidentiality of your personal information in accordance with the principles set forth in applicable privacy legislation.
We may supplement this Privacy Policy with other terms and conditions at (or prior) to the time we collect your personal information. This may include, for example, a description of why we are collecting your personal information in a particular context, or applicable terms of use posted on the platforms, websites, or applications that Corus (or its affiliates) own, operate or control (our “
Sites
”).
If at any time you no longer agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy or any other privacy related terms that we have communicated to you, please do not use, or interact with our Sites, products, or services.