Privacy Policy - Terms of Use
Standard Apple Terms of Use (EULA):
https://www.apple.com/legal/internet-services/itunes/dev/stdeula/
Privacy Policy:
This privacy policy is also valid for our apps that can be found here:
https://itunes.apple.com/de/developer/id682848918
We are very delighted that you have shown interest in our enterprise. Data protection is of a particularly high priority for Brachmann Online Marketing GmbH & Co. KG. The use of the Internet pages / apps of Brachmann Online Marketing GmbH & Co. KG is possible without any indication of personal data; however, if a data subject wants to use special enterprise services via our website / app, processing of personal data could become necessary. If the processing of personal data is necessary and there is no statutory basis for such processing, we generally obtain consent from the data subject.
The processing of personal data, such as the name, address, e-mail address, or telephone number of a data subject shall always be in line with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), and in accordance with the country-specific data protection regulations applicable to Brachmann Online Marketing GmbH & Co. KG. By means of this data protection declaration, our enterprise would like to inform the general public of the nature, scope, and purpose of the personal data we collect, use and process. Furthermore, data subjects are informed, by means of this data protection declaration, of the rights to which they are entitled.
As the controller, Brachmann Online Marketing GmbH & Co. KG has implemented numerous technical and organizational measures to ensure the most complete protection of personal data processed through this website / app. However, Internet-based data transmissions may in principle have security gaps, so absolute protection may not be guaranteed. For this reason, every data subject is free to transfer personal data to us via alternative means, e.g. by telephone.
1. Definitions
The data protection declaration of Brachmann Online Marketing GmbH & Co. KG is based on the terms used by the European legislator for the adoption of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Our data protection declaration should be legible and understandable for the general public, as well as our customers and business partners. To ensure this, we would like to first explain the terminology used.
In this data protection declaration, we use, inter alia, the following terms:
a)    Personal data
Personal data means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (“data subject”). An identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person.
b) Data subject
Data subject is any identified or identifiable natural person, whose personal data is processed by the controller responsible for the processing.
c)    Processing
Processing is any operation or set of operations which is performed on personal data or on sets of personal data, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording, organisation, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction.
d)    Restriction of processing
Restriction of processing is the marking of stored personal data with the aim of limiting their processing in the future.
e)    Profiling
Profiling means any form of automated processing of personal data consisting of the use of personal data to evaluate certain personal aspects relating to a natural person, in particular to analyse or predict aspects concerning that natural person's performance at work, economic situation, health, personal preferences, interests, reliability, behaviour, location or movements.
f)     Pseudonymisation
Pseudonymisation is the processing of personal data in such a manner that the personal data can no longer be attributed to a specific data subject without the use of additional information, provided that such additional information is kept separately and is subject to technical and organisational measures to ensure that the personal data are not attributed to an identified or identifiable natural person.
g)    Controller or controller responsible for the processing
Controller or controller responsible for the processing is the natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of personal data; where the purposes and means of such processing are determined by Union or Member State law, the controller or the specific criteria for its nomination may be provided for by Union or Member State law.
h)    Processor
Processor is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes personal data on behalf of the controller.
i)      Recipient
Recipient is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or another body, to which the personal data are disclosed, whether a third party or not. However, public authorities which may receive personal data in the framework of a particular inquiry in accordance with Union or Member State law shall not be regarded as recipients; the processing of those data by those public authorities shall be in compliance with the applicable data protection rules according to the purposes of the processing.
j)      Third party
Third party is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or body other than the data subject, controller, processor and persons who, under the direct authority of the controller or processor, are authorised to process personal data.
k)    Consent
Consent of the data subject is any freely given, specific, informed and unambiguous indication of the data subject's wishes by which he or she, by a statement or by a clear affirmative action, signifies agreement to the processing of personal data relating to him or her.
2. Name and Address of the controller
Controller for the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), other data protection laws applicable in Member states of the European Union and other provisions related to data protection is:
Brachmann Online Marketing GmbH & Co. KG
Paul-Ehrlich-Str. 1
39104 Magdeburg
Germany
Tel.: +4939199080677
E-Mail: info@brom-apps.de
3. Cookies and Ad-tracking ID's
The Internet pages / apps of Brachmann Online Marketing GmbH & Co. KG use cookies and ad-tracking-id's. Cookies are text files that are stored in a computer system via an Internet browser. Ad-tracking id's consist of a combination of numbers and letters and are used to recognise a mobile device, e.g. for serving more relevant ads.
Many Internet site / apps and servers use cookies and most apps use ad-tracking id's. Many cookies contain a so-called cookie ID. A cookie ID is a unique identifier of the cookie. It consists of a character string through which Internet pages / apps and servers can be assigned to the specific Internet browser in which the cookie was stored. This allows visited Internet site / apps and servers to differentiate the individual browser of the dats subject from other Internet browsers that contain other cookies. A specific Internet browser can be recognized and identified using the unique cookie ID.
Through the use of cookies and ad tracking id's, Brachmann Online Marketing GmbH & Co. KG can provide the users of my website / apps with more user-friendly services that would not be possible without the cookie setting or without ad-tracking id's.
By means of a cookie and ad-tracking-id, the information and offers on my website / app can be optimized with the user in mind. Cookies/ad-tracking-id's allow me, as previously mentioned, to recognize our website / app users. The purpose of this recognition is to make it easier for users to utilize our website / app. The website / app user that uses cookies/ad-tracking id's, e.g. does not have to enter access data each time the website / app is accessed, because this is taken over by the website / app, and the cookie is thus stored on the user's computer system. Another example is the cookie of a shopping cart in an online shop. The online store remembers the articles that a customer has placed in the virtual shopping cart via a cookie.
The data subject may, at any time, prevent the setting of cookies through our website / app by means of a corresponding setting of the Internet browser used, and may thus permanently deny the setting of cookies. Furthermore, already set cookies may be deleted at any time via an Internet browser or other software programs. This is possible in all popular Internet browsers. If the data subject deactivates the setting of cookies in the Internet browser used, not all functions of our website / app may be entirely usable.
If apps on mobile devices are used, the usage of ad-tracking id's can be changed in Apple's iOS settings, like apple describes here:
https://support.apple.com/HT202074
This website also explains how ad-tracking can be disabled.
4. Collection of general data and information
The website / app of Brachmann Online Marketing GmbH & Co. KG collects a series of general data and information when a data subject or automated system calls up the website / app. This general data and information are stored in the server log files. Collected may be (1) the browser types and versions used, (2) the operating system used by the accessing system, (3) the website / app from which an accessing system reaches our website / app (so-called referrers), (4) the sub-website / apps, (5) the date and time of access to the Internet site / app, (6) an Internet protocol address (IP address), (7) the Internet service provider of the accessing system, and (8) any other similar data and information that may be used in the event of attacks on our information technology systems.
When using these general data and information, Brachmann Online Marketing GmbH & Co. KG does not draw any conclusions about the data subject. Rather, this information is needed to (1) deliver the content of our website / app correctly, (2) optimize the content of our website / app as well as its advertisement, (3) ensure the long-term viability of our information technology systems and website / app technology, and (4) provide law enforcement authorities with the information necessary for criminal prosecution in case of a cyber-attack. Therefore, Brachmann Online Marketing GmbH & Co. KG analyzes anonymously collected data and information statistically, with the aim of increasing the data protection and data security of our enterprise, and to ensure an optimal level of protection for the personal data we process. The anonymous data of the server log files are stored separately from all personal data provided by a data subject.
5. Contact possibility via the website / app
The website / app of Brachmann Online Marketing GmbH & Co. KG contains information that enables a quick electronic contact to our enterprise, as well as direct communication with us, which also includes a general address of the so-called electronic mail (e-mail address). If a data subject contacts the controller by e-mail or via a contact form, the personal data transmitted by the data subject are automatically stored. Such personal data transmitted on a voluntary basis by a data subject to the data controller are stored for the purpose of processing or contacting the data subject. There is no transfer of this personal data to third parties.
6. Routine erasure and blocking of personal data
The data controller shall process and store the personal data of the data subject only for the period necessary to achieve the purpose of storage, or as far as this is granted by the European legislator or other legislators in laws or regulations to which the controller is subject to.
If the storage purpose is not applicable, or if a storage period prescribed by the European legislator or another competent legislator expires, the personal data are routinely blocked or erased in accordance with legal requirements.
7. Rights of the data subject
a) Right of confirmation
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller the confirmation as to whether or not personal data concerning him or her are being processed. If a data subject wishes to avail himself of this right of confirmation, he or she may, at any time, contact our Data Protection Officer or another employee of the controller.
b) Right of access
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller free information about his or her personal data stored at any time and a copy of this information. Furthermore, the European directives and regulations grant the data subject access to the following information:
the purposes of the processing;
the categories of personal data concerned;
the recipients or categories of recipients to whom the personal data have been or will be disclosed, in particular recipients in third countries or international organisations;
where possible, the envisaged period for which the personal data will be stored, or, if not possible, the criteria used to determine that period;
the existence of the right to request from the controller rectification or erasure of personal data, or restriction of processing of personal data concerning the data subject, or to object to such processing;
the existence of the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority;
where the personal data are not collected from the data subject, any available information as to their source;
the existence of automated decision-making, including profiling, referred to in Article 22(1) and (4) of the GDPR and, at least in those cases, meaningful information about the logic involved, as well as the significance and envisaged consequences of such processing for the data subject.
Furthermore, the data subject shall have a right to obtain information as to whether personal data are transferred to a third country or to an international organisation. Where this is the case, the data subject shall have the right to be informed of the appropriate safeguards relating to the transfer.
If a data subject wishes to avail himself of this right of access, he or she may at any time contact our Data Protection Officer or another employee of the controller.
c) Right to rectification
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller without undue delay the rectification of inaccurate personal data concerning him or her. Taking into account the purposes of the processing, the data subject shall have the right to have incomplete personal data completed, including by means of providing a supplementary statement.
If a data subject wishes to exercise this right to rectification, he or she may, at any time, contact our Data Protection Officer or another employee of the controller.
d) Right to erasure (Right to be forgotten)
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller the erasure of personal data concerning him or her without undue delay, and the controller shall have the obligation to erase personal data without undue delay where one of the following grounds applies, as long as the processing is not necessary:
The personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed.
The data subject withdraws consent to which the processing is based according to point (a) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR, or point (a) of Article 9(2) of the GDPR, and where there is no other legal ground for the processing.
The data subject objects to the processing pursuant to Article 21(1) of the GDPR and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the processing, or the data subject objects to the processing pursuant to Article 21(2) of the GDPR.
The personal data have been unlawfully processed.
The personal data must be erased for compliance with a legal obligation in Union or Member State law to which the controller is subject.
The personal data have been collected in relation to the offer of information society services referred to in Article 8(1) of the GDPR.
If one of the aforementioned reasons applies, and a data subject wishes to request the erasure of personal data stored by Brachmann Online Marketing GmbH & Co. KG, he or she may at any time contact our Data Protection Officer or another employee of the controller. The Data Protection Officer of Brachmann Online Marketing GmbH & Co. KG or another employee shall promptly ensure that the erasure request is complied with immediately.
Where the controller has made personal data public and is obliged pursuant to Article 17(1) to erase the personal data, the controller, taking account of available technology and the cost of implementation, shall take reasonable steps, including technical measures, to inform other controllers processing the personal data that the data subject has requested erasure by such controllers of any links to, or copy or replication of, those personal data, as far as processing is not required. The Data Protection Officer of Brachmann Online Marketing GmbH & Co. KG or another employee will arrange the necessary measures in individual cases.
e) Right of restriction of processing
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller restriction of processing where one of the following applies:
The accuracy of the personal data is contested by the data subject, for a period enabling the controller to verify the accuracy of the personal data.
The processing is unlawful and the data subject opposes the erasure of the personal data and requests instead the restriction of their use instead.
The controller no longer needs the personal data for the purposes of the processing, but they are required by the data subject for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
The data subject has objected to processing pursuant to Article 21(1) of the GDPR pending the verification whether the legitimate grounds of the controller override those of the data subject.
If one of the aforementioned conditions is met, and a data subject wishes to request the restriction of the processing of personal data stored by Brachmann Online Marketing GmbH & Co. KG, he or she may at any time contact our Data Protection Officer or another employee of the controller. The Data Protection Officer of Brachmann Online Marketing GmbH & Co. KG or another employee will arrange the restriction of the processing.
f) Right to data portability
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator, to receive the personal data concerning him or her, which was provided to a controller, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. He or she shall have the right to transmit those data to another controller without hindrance from the controller to which the personal data have been provided, as long as the processing is based on consent pursuant to point (a) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR or point (a) of Article 9(2) of the GDPR, or on a contract pursuant to point (b) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR, and the processing is carried out by automated means, as long as the processing is not necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the controller.
Furthermore, in exercising his or her right to data portability pursuant to Article 20(1) of the GDPR, the data subject shall have the right to have personal data transmitted directly from one controller to another, where technically feasible and when doing so does not adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.
In order to assert the right to data portability, the data subject may at any time contact the Data Protection Officer designated by Brachmann Online Marketing GmbH & Co. KG or another employee.
g) Right to object
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to object, on grounds relating to his or her particular situation, at any time, to processing of personal data concerning him or her, which is based on point (e) or (f) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR. This also applies to profiling based on these provisions.
Brachmann Online Marketing GmbH & Co. KG shall no longer process the personal data in the event of the objection, unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override the interests, rights and freedoms of the data subject, or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
If Brachmann Online Marketing GmbH & Co. KG processes personal data for direct marketing purposes, the data subject shall have the right to object at any time to processing of personal data concerning him or her for such marketing. This applies to profiling to the extent that it is related to such direct marketing. If the data subject objects to Brachmann Online Marketing GmbH & Co. KG to the processing for direct marketing purposes, Brachmann Online Marketing GmbH & Co. KG will no longer process the personal data for these purposes.
In addition, the data subject has the right, on grounds relating to his or her particular situation, to object to processing of personal data concerning him or her by Brachmann Online Marketing GmbH & Co. KG for scientific or historical research purposes, or for statistical purposes pursuant to Article 89(1) of the GDPR, unless the processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out for reasons of public interest.
In order to exercise the right to object, the data subject may directly contact the Data Protection Officer of Brachmann Online Marketing GmbH & Co. KG or another employee. In addition, the data subject is free in the context of the use of information society services, and notwithstanding Directive 2002/58/EC, to use his or her right to object by automated means using technical specifications.
h) Automated individual decision-making, including profiling
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects concerning him or her, or similarly significantly affects him or her, as long as the decision (1) is not is necessary for entering into, or the performance of, a contract between the data subject and a data controller, or (2) is not authorised by Union or Member State law to which the controller is subject and which also lays down suitable measures to safeguard the data subject's rights and freedoms and legitimate interests, or (3) is not based on the data subject's explicit consent.
If the decision (1) is necessary for entering into, or the performance of, a contract between the data subject and a data controller, or (2) it is based on the data subject's explicit consent, Brachmann Online Marketing GmbH & Co. KG shall implement suitable measures to safeguard the data subject's rights and freedoms and legitimate interests, at least the right to obtain human intervention on the part of the controller, to express his or her point of view and contest the decision.
If the data subject wishes to exercise the rights concerning automated individual decision-making, he or she may at any time directly contact our Data Protection Officer of Brachmann Online Marketing GmbH & Co. KG or another employee of the controller.
i) Right to withdraw data protection consent
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to withdraw his or her consent to processing of his or her personal data at any time.
f the data subject wishes to exercise the right to withdraw the consent, he or she may at any time directly contact our Data Protection Officer of Brachmann Online Marketing GmbH & Co. KG or another employee of the controller.
8. Data protection provisions about the application and use of Google AdSense/AdMob
On this website / app, the controller has integrated Google AdSense/AdMob. Google AdSense/AdMob is an online service which allows the placement of advertising on third-party sites/apps. Google AdSense/AdMob is based on an algorithm that selects advertisements displayed on third-party sites/apps to match with the content of the respective third-party site/app. Google AdSense/AdMob allows an interest-based targeting of the Internet user, which is implemented by means of generating individual user profiles.
The operating company of Google's AdSense/AdMob component is Alphabet Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View, CA 94043-1351, United States.
The purpose of Google's AdSense/AdMob component is the integration of advertisements on our website / app. Google AdSense/AdMob places a cookie on the information technology system of the data subject or uses the ad-tracking id of the mobile device. The definition of cookies and ad-tracking-id's is explained above. With the setting of the cookie, Alphabet Inc. is enabled to analyze the use of our website / app. With each call-up to one of the individual pages of this Internet site /app, which is operated by the controller and into which a Google AdSense/AdMob component is integrated, the Internet browser / app on the information technology system of the data subject will automatically submit data through the Google AdSense/AdMob component for the purpose of online advertising and the settlement of commissions to Alphabet Inc. During the course of this technical procedure, the enterprise Alphabet Inc. gains knowledge of personal data, such as the IP address of the data subject, which serves Alphabet Inc., inter alia, to understand the origin of visitors and clicks and subsequently create commission settlements.
The data subject may, as stated above, prevent the setting of cookies through our website / app at any time by means of a corresponding adjustment of the web browser used and thus permanently deny the setting of cookies. Such an adjustment to the Internet browser used would also prevent Alphabet Inc. from setting a cookie on the information technology system of the data subject. Additionally, cookies already in use by Alphabet Inc. may be deleted at any time via a web browser or other software programs.
If apps on mobile devices are used, the usage of ad-tracking id's can be changed in Apple's iOS settings, like Apple describes here:
https://support.apple.com/HT202074
This website also explains how ad-tracking can be disabled.
You can use the at
http://www.google.com/ads/preferences
offered settings and controls to revoke/opt-out of interest-based Ads from Google.
Furthermore, Google AdSense/AdMob also uses so-called tracking pixels. A tracking pixel is a miniature graphic that is embedded in web pages to enable a log file recording and a log file analysis through which a statistical analysis may be performed. Based on the embedded tracking pixels, Alphabet Inc. is able to determine if and when a website / app was opened by a data subject, and which links were clicked on by the data subject. Tracking pixels serve, inter alia, to analyze the flow of visitors on a website / app.
Through Google AdSense/AdMob, personal data and information—which also includes the IP address, and is necessary for the collection and accounting of the displayed advertisements—is transmitted to Alphabet Inc. in the United States of America. These personal data will be stored and processed in the United States of America. The Alphabet Inc. may disclose the collected personal data through this technical procedure to third parties.
Google AdSense/AdMob is further explained under the following link https://www.google.com/intl/en/AdSense/AdMob/start/.
Basis for use: Consent (Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. a GDPR and § 25 Para. 1 TTDSG), revocable at any time.
Basis for third-country transfer: EU-US Data Privacy Framework (DPF) (
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/participant-search/participant-detail?contact=true&id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active
), Standard Contractual Clauses (
https://policies.google.com/privacy/frameworks
,
https://business.safety.google/adsprocessorterms
)
9. Legal basis for the processing
Art. 6(1) lit. a GDPR serves as the legal basis for processing operations for which we obtain consent for a specific processing purpose. If the processing of personal data is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is party, as is the case, for example, when processing operations are necessary for the supply of goods or to provide any other service, the processing is based on Article 6(1) lit. b GDPR. The same applies to such processing operations which are necessary for carrying out pre-contractual measures, for example in the case of inquiries concerning our products or services. Is our company subject to a legal obligation by which processing of personal data is required, such as for the fulfillment of tax obligations, the processing is based on Art. 6(1) lit. c GDPR.
In rare cases, the processing of personal data may be necessary to protect the vital interests of the data subject or of another natural person. This would be the case, for example, if a visitor were injured in our company and his name, age, health insurance data or other vital information would have to be passed on to a doctor, hospital or other third party. Then the processing would be based on Art. 6(1) lit. d GDPR.
Finally, processing operations could be based on Article 6(1) lit. f GDPR. This legal basis is used for processing operations which are not covered by any of the abovementioned legal grounds, if processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by our company or by a third party, except where such interests are overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject which require protection of personal data. Such processing operations are particularly permissible because they have been specifically mentioned by the European legislator. He considered that a legitimate interest could be assumed if the data subject is a client of the controller (Recital 47 Sentence 2 GDPR).
10. The legitimate interests pursued by the controller or by a third party
Where the processing of personal data is based on Article 6(1) lit. f GDPR our legitimate interest is to carry out our business in favor of the well-being of all our employees and the shareholders.
11. Period for which the personal data will be stored
The criteria used to determine the period of storage of personal data is the respective statutory retention period. After expiration of that period, the corresponding data is routinely deleted, as long as it is no longer necessary for the fulfillment of the contract or the initiation of a contract.
12. Provision of personal data as statutory or contractual requirement; Requirement necessary to enter into a contract; Obligation of the data subject to provide the personal data; possible consequences of failure to provide such data
We clarify that the provision of personal data is partly required by law (e.g. tax regulations) or can also result from contractual provisions (e.g. information on the contractual partner).

Sometimes it may be necessary to conclude a contract that the data subject provides us with personal data, which must subsequently be processed by us. The data subject is, for example, obliged to provide us with personal data when our company signs a contract with him or her. The non-provision of the personal data would have the consequence that the contract with the data subject could not be concluded.

Before personal data is provided by the data subject, the data subject must contact our Data Protection Officer. Our Data Protection Officer clarifies to the data subject whether the provision of the personal data is required by law or contract or is necessary for the conclusion of the contract, whether there is an obligation to provide the personal data and the consequences of non-provision of the personal data.
13. Existence of automated decision-making
As a responsible company, we do not use automatic decision-making or profiling.
This Privacy Policy has been generated by the Privacy Policy Generator of the
German Association for Data Protection
that was developed in cooperation with RC GmbH, which sells
used IT
and the
filesharing Lawyers
from WBS-LAW.
Imprint
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/participant-search/participant-detail?contact=true&id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active:
You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Please wait while application initialize...
;
Sub-policy 1
https://policies.google.com/privacy/frameworks:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Legal frameworks for data transfers
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
We maintain servers around the world and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in the
Privacy Policy
. We also comply with certain legal frameworks relating to the transfer of data, such as the frameworks described below.
Adequacy decisions
The European Commission has determined that certain countries outside of the European Economic Area (EEA) adequately protect personal information, which means that data can be transferred from the European Union (EU) and Norway, Liechtenstein, and Iceland to those countries. The UK and Switzerland have adopted similar adequacy mechanisms. We rely on the following adequacy mechanisms:
European Commission adequacy decisions
UK adequacy regulations
Swiss adequacy decisions
EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks
As described in our
Data Privacy Framework certification
, we comply with the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks (DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use and retention of personal information from the EEA, Switzerland and the UK, respectively. Google LLC (and its wholly-owned US subsidiaries unless explicitly excluded) has certified that it adheres to the DPF Principles. Google remains responsible for any of your personal information that is shared under the Onward Transfer Principle with third parties for external processing on our behalf, as described in the
“Sharing your information” section of our Privacy Policy
. To learn more about the DPF, and to view Google’s certification, please visit the
DPF website
.
If you have an inquiry regarding our privacy practices in relation to our DPF certification, we encourage you to
contact us
. Google is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the US Federal Trade Commission. You may also refer a complaint to your local data protection authority and we will work with them to resolve your concern. In certain circumstances, the DPF provides the right to invoke binding arbitration to resolve complaints not resolved by other means, as described in
Annex I to the DPF Principles
.
Standard contractual clauses
Standard contractual clauses (SCCs) are written commitments between parties that can be used as a ground for data transfers from the EEA to third countries by providing appropriate data protection safeguards. SCCs have been approved by the European Commission and can not be modified by the parties using them (you can see the SCCs adopted by the European Commission
here
,
here
, and
here
). Such clauses have also been approved for transfers of data to countries outside the UK and Switzerland. We rely on SCCs for our data transfers where required and in instances where they are not covered by an adequacy decision. If you want to obtain a copy of the SCCs, you can
contact us
.
Google may also incorporate SCCs into contracts with customers of its business services, including
Google Workspace
,
Google Cloud Platform
,
Google Ads
, and other
ads and measurement products
. Learn more at
privacy.google.com/businesses
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps