CAPSULE Privacy Policy
This policy applies to all information collected, submitted to us through usage of Ocasta Studios Ltd's CAPSULE apps and services. By using our apps and services you agree to adhere to the following.
Use of CAPSULE is granted through your education provider, any notes here are an extension of any agreement you have in place as a student.
Information we collect
Your name will be displayed amongst other users in the system and linked to activity within the apps and services.
As common with web services, we may log the IP address and approximate location when using our services.
Data generated through the app, including item views, generated data and their associated date / timestamps may be viewable by other users of the system.
Analytics
We collect aggregated and anonymous usage information to help improve our service.
Data sharing
Anonymous usage data may be shared with:
Google - for aggregated analytics, crash reporting, and distribution
Unity Analytics - for aggregated analytics and usage information
Service Providers
We work with third-party service providers for hosting, maintenance, backup, storage, virtual infrastructure, payment processing, analysis, and other services for us, which may require them to access or use information about you.  If a service provider needs to access information about you to perform services on our behalf, they do so under close instruction from us, including policies and procedures designed to protect your information.
Where your data is stored
We store your data on secure servers in Europe.
Security
We implement a variety of security measures to help keep your information secure. All communication with the app and website uses HTTPS with certificate pinning. Passwords are one-way encrypted using industry-standard methods.
Children’s privacy protection
CAPSULE services are not designed for, or intentionally targeted at, children 13 years of age or younger. We do not intentionally collect or maintain data about anyone under the age of 13.
Notice to End Users
CAPSULE is made available to you through an organization (e.g. your education provider), that organization is the administrator of CAPSULE and is responsible for the accounts and service site over which it has control. Please direct your data privacy questions to your administrator, as your use of CAPSULE is subject to that organization's policies.
Administrators are able to:
Require you to reset your account password;
Restrict, suspend or terminate your access to CAPSULE;
Access information in and about your account;
Access or retain information stored as part of your account;
Restrict, suspend or terminate your account access;
Change the email address associated with your account;
Change your information, including profile information;
You can request a list of your data stored by CAPSULE through your education provider.
Please contact your organization or refer to your administrator’s organizational policies for more information.
Changes to this policy
We may change this privacy policy. In that case, the ‘last updated’ date at the bottom of this page will also change. Any changes to this privacy policy will apply to you and your data immediately.
Contact Us
If you have questions or concerns about how your information is handled, please direct your inquiry to:
hi@ocasta.com
Or write to:
Data Protection Officer
Ocasta Studios Ltd
Norwood House, 9 Dyke Road
Brighton, BN1 3FE
United Kingdom
Last updated 24th January 2019
Related Articles
Information Security Management System Policy
Privacy Policy for Ocasta Apps
CAPSULE User Import
Easy analysis of student case activity using Excel
Ocasta Sub-Processors
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://help.ocasta.com/en/articles/2794292-privacy-policy-for-ocasta-apps:
Copyright (c) 2023, Intercom, Inc. (legal@intercom.io) with Reserved Font Name "Noto Sans".
      This Font Software is licensed under the SIL Open Font License, Version 1.1.
Copyright (c) 2023, Intercom, Inc. (legal@intercom.io) with Reserved Font Name "Noto Sans".
      This Font Software is licensed under the SIL Open Font License, Version 1.1.
Skip to main content