Home
Pool & Beach
Gym & Fitness
Family
Dining
Corporate
View venues
Join now
Privilee Insider
FAQs
Careers
Contact us
Privacy Policy
Version 2.0
Last updated 27-Aug-2019
Introduction
This Privacy Policy set outs details on how Privilee DMCC (“Privilee” and later referred to as “us” or “we”), as provider of the website
www.privilee.ae
, and other operational sites including but not limited to sub domains of Privilee (the “Websites”), the Privilee App (the “App”), and the Privilee Membership (collectively the “Services”), collect data and use this data.
This Privacy Policy applies to the information we obtain when you register for, install, access or use our Services. When you access or use our Services, you acknowledge that you have read this Privacy Policy and that you agree to the collection and use of your information as described in this Privacy Policy.
Please also read our Terms and Conditions, which outline the terms governing your access to and use of the services.
Collection of personal information
You consent to our collection of your information for the purpose of providing the best user experience when using our Services. This can include, but is not limited to information from which you can be personally identified, and information about your use of our Services.
Examples of data we collect:
Information upon registration as Privilee Member (“Member”)
Upon registration, as a Member you are required to provide certain personal information such as:
Name and address
Phone number
Email address
Profile picture
Payment information (credit and debit card details)
Home country
Gender
Job title
Industry sector
During usage of our Services and the use of your Membership
Details about your usage of partner venues, including when and where you check in and check out, plus your location while you are checked in to any of our partners
Details of transactions you carry out through our Services
Your device’s location information when you are actively using our Services and/or when you have checked in to a Privilee venue
Other general information
We also collect general information that does not identify you personally. This includes information such as your IP address, pixel tags, cookies, information about the App, the browsers, operating systems, your device identifiers, performance and diagnostic information (such as your usage patterns), and details about when you access and use our Services. We also monitor your use of our Services for the purpose of improving our Services.
Third parties
Privilee may offer services in connection with third parties. Personal information that you provide to third parties may be sent to Privilee in order to deliver these services. Privilee collects and processes such information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Sharing your information
We will take all reasonable measures to prevent unauthorised access, use and disclosure of your information. We will only disclose your information:
when needed to provide the products and/or services you have requested
when you permit us to do so;
for the purpose of conducting credit checks;
when permitted by applicable law;
when we believe it is necessary to comply with a requirement of law enforcement agencies or
when we believe it is necessary to enforce our Terms and Conditions and investigate violations thereof, to prevent, detect and address fraud, abuse, security risks or technical issues, or to protect against harm to the rights and property of Privilee, other Members or the public required or permitted by law.
Using your information
Privilee collects and uses your information to operate and improve our Services. We may use the information we collect in the following ways
To monitor your visits to our partners
To provide you with location based services that guide you with relevant information such as partner venues near you, when a partner venue is busy, directions to venues
To provide you personalised content and advertising
To carry out transactions requested by you
To conduct credit control
To ensure that content from our Services is presented optimally
To notify you about changes to our Services
To improve our Services and deliver better, more personalised services to you
To contact you in connection with e.g. your enquiries, surveys and your Membership
To help improve the safety and reliability of our Services including detecting, preventing, responding to fraud, abuse, security risks or technical issues that could harm Privilee, Privilee Members, Privilee Guest or the public.
We may store and process information collected via our Services in the UAE or any other country in which Privilee or its affiliates, subsidiaries or agents maintain facilities, and by using our Services, you consent to any such transfer of your information outside of your country.
Deletion of your information
If you are no longer a Member, you can request to have all your information deleted and no longer receive any promotional communications from us by emailing info@privilee.ae and specifying which information you would like to have deleted.
Updating our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to modify or update our Privacy Policy. Where we do so, we will endeavor to provide you with prior notice and to update the “Last Updated” date set out at the beginning of this Privacy Policy. Continued use of our Services following any such update, will constitute your acceptance of the updated Privacy Policy. You must cease using our Services if you do not agree to the updated Privacy Policy. It is your responsibility to review the Privacy Policy regularly.
Assignment of our rights and obligations
As per the Terms and Conditions we may assign our rights and obligations under the Privacy Policy (including by transferring your Personal Information) to a related entity or successor entity in connection with an acquisition, merger, restructure, sale of assets, or otherwise.
Contact us
You may contact us at info@privilee.ae if you require further details about our Privacy Policy.