Privacy Policy:
Your data:
As a company, we do not collect any Personal Information like email address, birth date or time, age, name, phone number, address, etc., from the users. If we do happen to obtain any personal information, including emails or phone numbers obtained through support requests or other correspondence, it will be treated with the strictest confidentiality. Any such personal information will never be shared with any other entities. Any such personal information will be retained towards resolution of the support requests and for future reference if you need support again. We can delete the emails anytime on your request. We use Google's G Suite for Business for our emails.
The data collected is used to show personalized advertisements depending on your location and jurisdiction. In the European union, the apps are showing non-targeted/non-personalized ads to users after taking their consent. For rest of the world, the data is used to track the content you access in connection with the apps and to deliver, target and improve the advertising.
On most devices you can limit ad targeting from your device’s settings. Please review your device’s user manual on how to disable ad tracking. In any case, you can contact the advertising providers below and also ask them to delete your data if they have any by opting out.
We use the following ad providers in our apps. All of them are not used on all apps.
Non-Advertising based apps:
In case of apps in which no third party ads are there, then the above points related to advertising and ad providers do not apply.
Other companies and public authorities:
In order to combat fraud and illegal activity, we may exchange data with other companies and organizations and provide it to public authorities in response to lawful requests.
We may also disclose your data based on your consent, to comply with the law or to protect the rights, property or safety of us, our players or others.
OPTING OUT
If you no longer want us to use your IP address and mobile advertising ID then you need to either pay for the in-app purchases to remove advertisements or stop using the apps. As mentioned before, for EU users we are not showing targeted/personalized ads.
Age limitations:
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal data about or direct or target interest-based advertising to anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to use our Services. If you are under 13, please do not send any data about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under the age of 13 may provide any personal data. If we learn that we have collected personal data about a child under age 13, we will delete that data as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any data from or about a child under the age of 13, please contact us.
We do not knowingly contact or do business with children under 13 years of age. If a parent/guardian becomes aware that a child under the age of 13 has attempted to contact and/or do business with us, please advise us by email at support@braincake.net so that we may rectify the situation.
Changes to Privacy Policy:
We reserve the right to modify our Privacy Policy at any time simply by posting such modification on this site and without any other notification. Any such modification will be effective immediately upon posting on this site.
The use of the information we collect is always subject to the Privacy Policy that is in effect at the time when this information is collected. You are advised to refer to the Privacy Policy from time to time so that you are always in sync with our current privacy practices.
Contacting Us:
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may e-mail us using support@braincake.net