Spanish
English
Other languages
عربي
中文
日本語
대한민국 - Soon
The Owner undertakes to comply with the regulations on the Protection of Personal Data and to respect the privacy of Users. The objective is to offer the best service to the User and for this it is necessary in some cases to process their personal data.
Responsible for the processing
SEVILLA FÚTBOL CLUB S.A.D.
NIF: A41035346
Address: Calle Sevilla Fútbol Club s/n, 41005 Sevilla.
Telephone: 954 53 53 53
Email: lopd@sevillafc.com
Purposes for which the data is used, legitimisation and data typology
-
Attention to queries
: To attend to the queries of the User who contacts us through the forms or communication tools available on the Website. The legitimate basis for the processing is the consent of the User, in accordance with art. 6.1.a) of the GDPR.
The data processed for this purpose are: identification data (such as name, surname), contact information (such as email address, postal address, telephone number, user profile) and communications sent by the user (such as questions, conversations, complaints or other information sent to our support team).
If the user decides to use WhatsApp as a channel to communicate with Customer Service, this tool will open on another site, external to this Web Site, managed by the WhatsApp application itself (entity located in the USA, a country that does not have the same level security as the European Union). It is recommended that the User review their privacy settings and read the WhatsApp Privacy Policy for more detailed information about WhatsApp's use of the personal data of users of its services.
-
Provision of services
: To provide the services requested by the User. The legitimate basis for the processing is the performance of a contract to which the User is a party, in accordance with art. 6.1.b) of the GDPR.
The data processed for this purpose are: identification data (such as name, surname, ID card number, date of birth), contact information (such as email address, postal address, telephone number), information on the services provided (such as service characteristics).
-
Registration
: Processing of registration as a Registered User of the Website in order to provide the services that require it. The legitimate basis of the treatment is the consent of the User, in accordance with art. 6.1.a) of the GDPR, and the execution of a contract in which the User is a party, in accordance with art. 6.1.b) of the GDPR.
The data processed for this purpose are: identification data (such as name, surname, date of birth), contact information (such as email address, postal address, telephone number), account information (such as login credentials, including email address, password, account settings, gender, language, social networks).
-
Import of data from social networks:
The User may freely choose the option to use his/her profile from his/her social networks to register or log in, as well as to share additional information about his/her profile on these social networks. The legitimate basis for the processing is the consent of the User, in accordance with art. 6.1.a) of the GDPR.
The data processed for this purpose are:
Data shared via Facebook:
Name and profile picture (Required for registration. However, the profile picture is not processed).
E-mail address (Optional)
Birthday (Optional)
Posts in biography (Optional. Public and private posts in the biography, including photos and videos, information about the places tagged in them and the types of reactions they receive).
Gender (Optional)
Page Likes (Optional)
Current city (Optional)
Interest categories (Optional)
Based on page likes and biography posts, the following inferred data can be obtained:
"Engagement" value: this value measures the volume of interactions the user has with the Facebook wall of the official page.
"Social" value: this value measures the User's influence on social networks.
"Promotion" value: the Users' walls are analysed for references to prize draws, promotions and prize draw entries, and a value is assigned that measures the promotional ratio on the User's wall. It also checks whether the User's profile follows Facebook pages dedicated to advertising promotions, raffles and sweepstakes.
Fan Value: This score is a combination of the previous 3 that ranks Users by the value obtained (a User with a higher score will be considered a more valuable User).
Data shared through Google:
First and last name (Required for registration)
Email address (Required for registration)
Surname (Optional)
Age (Optional)
Date of birth (Optional)
Country (Optional)
Sex (Optional)
City (Optional)
Telephone (Optional)
Interests (Optional)
Likes (Optional)
Preferences for commercial communications (Optional)
Keywords/social activity (Optional)
Media (Optional)
Hashtags (Optional)
Data shared via Twitter:
First name
Surname
Email
Number of followers
Interests
Likes
Sites
Keywords/social activity
Hashtags
Personality Insights
•Data imported from Apple: iOS Users may freely choose using their Apple profile to register or log in. The legitimate basis of the treatment is the consent of the User, in accordance with art. 6.1.a) of the RGPD.
Data shared through Apple:
Name
Last name
Email
- Sale/Contracting:
Management of the process of selling the products or contracting the services selected by the User.The legitimate basis for the processing is the performance of a contract to which the User is a party, in accordance with art. 6.1.b) of the GDPR.
The data processed for this purpose are: identification data (such as name, surname, ID number, date of birth), contact information (such as email address, postal address, telephone number), purchase/contracting information (such as product or service features, delivery method, discount code, shipping address) and billing information (such as VAT number, billing address, payment method).
• Registration: Procedure by which the User registers to participate in activities promoted on the Website, App or Social Networks of the Owner, such as promotions, contests, raffles, etc., accepting the conditions or specific bases thereof. The legitimate basis of the treatment is the consent of the User, in accordance with art. 6.1.a) of the RGPD and the execution of a contract to which the User is a party, in accordance with art. 6.1.b) of the RGPD.
The data processed for this purpose are: identification data (such as name, surname, ID card number, date of birth, user profile), contact information (such as email address, postal address, telephone number), information on the activities for which the User registers (as well as characteristics of those).
- Navigation data (Cookies):
Data collected by own or third party cookies that may be generated by this Website and that the User may freely choose to activate either in full or partially beforehand. The legitimate basis for the processing is the consent of the User, in accordance with art. 6.1.a) of the GDPR and the legitimate interest of the entity, in accordance with art. 6.1.f) of the GPDR, for those data that are necessary for the operation of the Website.
The data processed for this purpose are: those collected by the cookies generated on the Website, according to their purpose. For more information, you can consult our Cookies Policy or modify your preferences in our cookie management tool.
The Owner shall not be responsible for the processing of the information collected by the cookies of third party advertising managers, nor shall it have access to the data collected by them. The Owner informs that these third parties will process the data for their own purposes depending on each type of cookie and may in turn transfer the information to other service providers or process the data in combination with data collected on other websites by these or other publishers to provide the services that each of them entrust to them.
These third parties may be located both within the territory of the EU/EEA and in third countries, including countries that may not have an adequate level of protection for personal data according to the criteria of the European Commission.
In any case, the entities providing the advertising operation services guarantee that they comply with the applicable provisions on international data transfers and that they have formalised standard contractual clauses, based on the recommendations of the supervisory authorities, with the third parties acting both as data processors or sub-processors and as data controllers.
Users who accept the processing of t
hird-party cookie data should be aware that accepting these terms implies the transfer of data to third parties and the international transfer of their data.
- Navigation data (Google):
As various Google technologies are implemented on this Website for the management of advertisements such as Google Ad Manager 360 or Google Ad Exchange, data generated by the User during registration in applications or devices linked to Google or on third party sites that use these technologies may be processed together with the data generated on this Website. The legitimate basis for the processing is the consent of the User, pursuant to art. 6.1.a) of the GDPR and the performance of a contract to which the User is a party, pursuant to art. 6.1.b) of the GDPR.
The data processed for this purpose are: browsing data collected by Google with the consent of the users of its privacy policies, when using applications or devices, with the intention of creating commercial profiles and impact with advertising in a personalised manner.
Google Privacy Policy: https://policies.google.com/privacy
Information about Google Technologies: https://policies.google.com/technologies
International Data Transfer. Google Inc.
is a company with its headquarters in the United States, a country where an equivalent level of protection to that of the European Economic Area is not guaranteed. By making use of its technology, the data subject accepts the standard contractual clauses adopted by the European Commission with said provider by virtue of the provisions of art. 46.2 c) of the General Data Protection Regulation, including additional guarantees and obligations addressed to these providers for the greatest possible security and transparency. More information on the content of Google's standard contractual clauses can be found at:
https://support.google.com/publisherpolicies/answer/10437486?hl=es
- Human Resources:
Data collected in Human Resources forms or attached in files by candidates interested in participating in personnel selection processes. The legitimate basis for the processing is the consent of the User, in accordance with art. 6.1.a) of the GDPR.
The data we process for this purpose are: identification data (such as name, surname, date of birth), contact information (such as address, province, postcode, town, telephone, email), training and professional data (level of studies, languages, CCV), fan status and profile.
• Complaints Channel: Data collected in the Complaints Channel form, both from the complainant and from affected third parties, necessary for the management of the entity's internal complaints system. The legitimate basis for the processing of personal data is the consent of the User, in accordance with art. 6.1.a) of the RGPD, and compliance with a legal obligation applicable to the data controller, in accordance with art. 6.1.c) of the RGPD. If third party data is provided on this channel by the User, the legitimate basis is the existence of a public interest, in accordance with art. 6.1.e) of the RGPD.
The data processed for this purpose are: identifying data (such as name, surname), contact information (telephone, email), complaint data (description, persons involved, or persons aware).
- Communication with shareholders:
Data on the registration or updating of information on the shareholders of this Entity, necessary to control the ownership of shares and manage their relationship with the company, including the sending of communications with shareholder-only information. The legitimate basis for the processing is compliance with a legal obligation applicable to the holder as data controller, in accordance with art. 6.1.c) of the GDPR.
The data processed for this purpose are: data provided by shareholders when contacting the entity for the different procedures, data contained in the minutes or in the communications on the virtual notice board.
• Commercial communications: The User who voluntarily accepts this option will be sent promotions, advertising, offers, news, invitations to events and any type of commercial information from the Owner by any means of contact that the User has provided (such as ordinary mail, email, telephone messaging, etc.) or through notifications from the applications used. The legitimate basis of the treatment is the consent of the User, in accordance with art. 6.1.a) of the RGPD.
The data processed for this purpose are: identification data (such as name, surname), contact information (such as email address, postal address, telephone number).
• Commercial communications with information from third parties: The User who voluntarily accepts this option will be sent promotions, advertising, offers, news, invitations to events and any type of commercial information from third parties with whom the Owner has an agreement, in any case. It will be the Owner who will carry out this sending and in no case the User's data will be shared with these third parties. These communications may be made by any means of contact that the User has provided (such as ordinary mail, email, telephone messaging, etc.) or through notifications from the applications used. The legitimate basis of the treatment is the consent of the User, in accordance with art. 6.1.a) of the RGPD.
The data processed for this purpose are: identification data (such as name, surname), contact information (such as email address, postal address, telephone number).
• Personalized commercial communications: The User who voluntarily accepts this option will be sent promotions, advertising, offers, news, invitations to events and any type of personalized commercial information that the Owner may determine based on their behavior, preferences, personal profile, as well as the data you provide directly and other inferred data that may be obtained from the User, to offer you personalized experiences, information, as well as products and services. These communications may be made by any means of contact that the User has provided (such as ordinary mail, email, telephone messaging, etc.) or through notifications from the applications used. The legitimate basis of the treatment is the consent of the User, in accordance with art. 6.1.a) of the RGPD.
The data processed for this purpose are: identifying data (such as name, surname, date of birth, gender), contact information (such as email address, postal address, telephone number) profiling data (interests, preferences, contact history). use of services), application data (use of apps, websites or social networks, location data), other data inferred as a consequence of the use and activity carried out by the User (registered user ID; device ID; operating system; model device, telemetry, interactions with specific content, time spent on the asset or interactions with communications sent via web notification or email)
The Owner may perform various profiling techniques such as:
• Measurement of individual campaign performance using information related to opening rates, average click-through rates, email bounces or subscription cancellation rates to measure campaign performance at an individual level and, as a consequence, carry out segmentations based on the information inferred about the User and the rest of the declared information.
• Optimization of campaigns excluding those in which the User has already participated, on applications in which they are registered or downloaded, on products that they have purchased or on services that they have previously acquired, being able to cross-reference anonymized data with third-party service providers.
• Users with similar tastes and preferences: thanks to the profile created for a User, personalized content can be sent taking into account other similar profiles.
• User Assessment: the Owner will obtain an unknown variable from known variables provided or inferred from each User so that it can carry out an analysis with the aim of identifying those with the most propensity to use or contract products or services.
These types of techniques may make use of advanced computing tools and artificial intelligence. In no case will the profiling carried out produce legal effects or significantly affect the User in a similar way. No automated decision-making will be carried out that could imply a high risk for the rights and freedoms of the User or that could imply a purpose that falls short of the User's expectations.
In any case, the User may subsequently, at any time, oppose the receipt of commercial communications by choosing the unsubscribe option present in each of the communications received. For Registered Users it will also be possible to modify the settings of choices regarding the receipt of communications in the account settings.
Retention periods
When the legitimate basis is the contractual relationship, the data shall be kept for as long as this relationship is maintained and subsequently in compliance with the applicable legal limitation periods. When the legitimate basis is consent, the data shall be kept for as long as consent is not withdrawn. When the legitimate basis is a legal obligation, the data will be kept for the applicable legal limitation periods.
Transfers:
There are no plans to transfer Users' personal data collected through this Website to any third party without a legal basis that legitimises this processing. The Owner uses external suppliers that use Cookies to carry out analytical studies of the use and generation of advertising that may be behavioural. The Owner does not have access to the data generated by these Cookies. The User may select which Cookies will be generated on this Website in advance, may subsequently manage their decisions and may consult the Cookies Policy at any time.
Rights of interested parties:
Users can exercise their rights of access, rectification, deletion, portability and limitation or opposition by sending a signed request by postal mail with the subject "Data Protection", to the address: calle Sevilla Fútbol Club s/n, 41005 Sevilla, clearly indicating the contact information or sending a request by email with the subject "Exercise of Rights", to lopd@sevillfc.com, from the same email account that you provided. Users have the right to withdraw the consent given and have the right to complain to the Control Authority (Spanish Agency for Data Protection www.aepd.es).
Data Protection Officer
The Data Protection Officer of the entity is: Grupo Datcon Sur S.L.U., C/ Dr. Duarte Acosta 7, 1.24, 11500, El Puerto de Santa María, Cádiz, and its contact: ejercicioderechos@grupodatcon.com.
Free text fields
The free text fields that, at the User's disposal, may appear in the forms on the Website have the sole and exclusive purpose of collecting information to improve the quality of the Services.
The User shall not include, in those spaces that the Website may offer as "free text fields", any personal data that may be classified as data for which a special level of protection is required, such data being understood to include, but not be limited to, data relating to economic-financial situation, psychological profiles, ideology, religion, beliefs, trade union membership, health, racial origin and/or sexual life.
Non-compulsory fields
The Owner informs the User that the collection of certain data is not compulsory, except in those fields where otherwise indicated by means of an (*). However, failure to provide such data may prevent the provision of all Services linked to such data, releasing the Owner from any liability for the non-provision or incomplete provision of these Services.
Access to and correction of personal data
The User undertakes to provide true information in relation to his/her personal data, and to keep the data provided to the Owner up to date at all times. The User will be responsible, in any case, for the veracity of the data provided, and the Proprietor reserves the right to exclude from the services to any User who has provided false data, without prejudice to other actions that may apply in law. The data provided by the User shall be presumed to be correct, so that, in case of erroneous submission of data by the User, the Proprietor disclaims any liability that may cause error or damage to the User or third parties.
Personal data of third parties
When a User provides data of third parties over whom he/she does not have legal representation or guardianship, he/she shall be considered jointly responsible for the processing, and within the obligations imposed by the General Data Protection Regulation, shall assume full responsibility for having the express consent of the data subject, or his/her legal guardian if any, for the transfer of this personal data to the Owner of this Website and its processing for each of the necessary purposes. The User shall also be obliged to transmit the information contained in this Privacy Policy to the interested party.
The User who provides data of a third party assumes all legal liability that may arise from failure to comply with these obligations.
Processing of personal data by third parties
In relation to the management of services, Users' data may be processed by companies that provide the Holder with various services, including, among others, shipping, courier, accounting, consulting, computer maintenance, or any other that, due to their status as Data Processor, it is indispensable or inevitable that they access or process this data. Under no circumstances will this processing be considered a transfer of data.
Confidentiality
Information of any kind that the parties exchange with each other, that which they agree to be confidential, or that which simply concerns the content of such information, shall be considered confidential. The visualisation of data through the Internet shall not imply direct access to the same, except with the express consent of the owner on each occasion.
Photographs
In compliance with the provisions of the current Personal Data Protection regulations, we inform you that photographs in which people appear are considered personal data. With this communication we inform you that photographs of people may appear on this Website for promotional purposes and that they have voluntarily agreed to do so. If, in any case, any person appearing in them wishes a photograph not to be shown, please contact us and it will be removed as soon as possible. This clause shall not apply to persons who have provided their image in the context of a professional service or persons who have assigned their image rights to the Owner.
This policy was updated on 1 April 2024.