Gaspy Privacy Policy
Last updated January 2024
Introduction
Hello World Ltd is the corporate name for Gaspy. In this Policy, we will refer to Hello World Ltd as “Gaspy”, “our”, “us” or “we.”
We take your privacy seriously. We are providing this Policy to inform you of our policies and procedures regarding the collection, use and disclosure of information on our Service in accordance with our website Terms of Service and Acceptable Use Policy and our Community Code. We also want to inform you about your choices regarding information. If you have any questions or concerns, please let us know.
Children's information
Children under the age of 13 are not permitted to use Gaspy and we do not intentionally collect or maintain Personal Information from those who are under 13 years old. Protecting the privacy of children is very important to us. Therefore, if we obtain actual knowledge that a user is under 13, we will take steps to remove that user's Personal Information permanently from our databases. We recommend that children between the ages of 13 and 18 obtain their parent’s permission before submitting information over the internet. By using Gaspy, you are representing that you are at least 18 years old, or that you are at least 13 years old and have a parent’s or guardian’s permission to use Gaspy.
User Consent
By using Gaspy, you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy as well as our Terms of Service and Acceptable Use Policy. You expressly consent to the processing of your Personal Information and Anonymous Information according to this Privacy Policy. Your Personal Information may be processed and stored in another country to your own where laws regarding processing of Personal Information may be less stringent than the laws in your country. Your Personal Information will not, however, be used or disclosed for purposes for which you have not given consent or which are not permitted under applicable law.
Collection of Information
We collect information in 2 basic ways:
We collect information when you voluntarily provide your details to register for our Service. This can include the process of using a third-party social network system login process for authentication such as (but not limited to) Facebook, GPS location (if permitted), when you update your profile settings, and we also collect the information that you voluntarily provide.
We collect information electronically (usually passively and automatically) through “cookies” and server logs.
What information we collect and how we use it
Personal Information
When you register as a User of Gaspy we will ask you for certain information about you that can be used to contact or identify you. This information may include (but is not limited to) your name, gender, profile photo, description, location, website and Facebook link. If you sign up using a third party authentication system such as Facebook you are allowing us to use your Personal Information from that particular third party system. This will only happen with your authorisation – via their login mechanism – with which you also agree to their terms of Service and privacy policies.
We will only use your Personal Information to personalise your Gaspy experience, contact you, or to provide the Gaspy Service to you. These Services include the following:
Provide a personalised experience – We use your details to communicate personally with you and to indicate your actions on our application with people you chose to share your actions with.
Communications – We use your email to send messages, notifications, important Gaspy updates, offers (these notifications can be controlled in your user settings area).
Customer Service – we use your email to respond to your questions or enquiries.
Your Personal Information can also be used to enable you to network and for others to connect with you. For example, if you choose to display your Facebook link on your profile page. However, we will never reveal your email address to anyone. Your email is only used internally and will never be visible to anyone.
Non-Identifying Information:
We collect other information that you provide to us by interacting with our mobile app or website. Non-Identifying information is information that cannot be reasonably used to identify or contact you.
We collect this information to gain insights on how our Service is used, with the objective of providing you with a better experience and to improve the quality and value of Gaspy.
We may share non-personal information, such as aggregated user statistics with third parties for a variety of purposes, at our sole discretion. But we only do so in such a way that no individual user is specifically identified or linked to any specific action or information.
Cookies
Like many online services, Gaspy uses “cookies” on our Service to collect information. A cookie is a small data file that is transferred to your computer or mobile device’s hard disk. We use cookies for storing your User login status. We also provide third party advertising provided by Google. Google uses cookies to enable it and its partners to serve ads to you according to your preferences. If you are not happy with allowing Google cookies, you can opt out using this system: http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ . You can configure your browser by changing its settings, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. If you do not accept cookies, however, you may not be able to use all portions of the Service or all functionality of the Gaspy Service.
GPS Location
If permitted by you, Gaspy also collects your geo-location to localise your listings to share with others in your local area within a location radius specified by you. This is optional, but needed for the service to work effectively.
Sharing of Information
We care about your Privacy and we do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information, although, we share your information in the following ways:
Gaspy Users. When you register for the Gaspy Service, you provide us with your Personal Information, some of which is publicly viewable. Other users will be able to see some of your Personal Information which includes, but is not limited to: your username, photo, description and location (city). Providing additional Personal Information is voluntary and should correlate with the degree of interaction you want to have with other Gaspy users. We recommend that you refrain from disclosing any information you consider to be sensitive or confidential.
Aggregate Information and Non-Identifying Information. We may share aggregated information that does not include Personal Information and we may disclose Non-Identifying Information and Log Data with third parties for industry analysis, demographic profiling or other purposes. Any aggregated information shared in these contexts will not contain your Personal Information.
Service Providers. We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service, to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services (e.g. maintenance services, database management, web analytics and improvement of the Service’s features) or to assist us in analysing how our Service is used. These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement. Gaspy cooperates with government and law enforcement officials and private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We can disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims and legal process including, but not limited to, subpoenas, to protect the property and rights of Gaspy or a third party, to protect the safety of the public or any person, or to prevent or stop activity we may consider to be, or to pose a risk of being, illegal, unethical or legally actionable activity.
Transfer in the Event of Sale or Change of Control. Gaspy reserves the right to disclose and transfer user information, including personal information, in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, restructuring, the sale of certain stock and/or assets, or other corporate change including, without limitation, during the course of any due diligence process.
Controlling your Information
You have several options regarding the use of information on our Service. Your Personal information can be updated at any time by going to your account settings. We also provide other choices to give you more control:
Email Communications.
If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive email communications from us, please follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the communications.
Cookies.
If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to accept cookies from our Service for any of the purposes described above, then you can configure your browser to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit (website version). If you do not accept cookies, however, you may not be able to use all portions of the Service or all functionality of the Service.
Changing or Configuring Your Information.
All Users may review, update, correct or configure aspects of their Personal Information in their Profile area such as profile image, description and facebook link.
Deactivating / deleting your Account.
You can also deactivate your account in the account settings area, or by contacting us via email to support@gaspyhq.com . Deactivating/deleting your account deletes any data associated with your account.
Links to other sites and services
Our Service may contain links to other third-party websites and online services that have their own Privacy Policies. If you choose to visit another website or online service by clicking on a link, you will be directed to that third party’s website or online service. The fact that we may link to a website or online service is not an endorsement, authorisation or representation of our affiliation with that third party, nor is it an endorsement of their privacy or information security policies or practices. As we do not have control of third party websites and their content, we cannot be responsible or liable for the content, conduct or consequences that may arise from visiting these sites. Nevertheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
How we protect your information
We care about the security of your information. We use commercially reasonable safeguards and precautions to preserve the integrity and security of information collected and maintained through our Service. However, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you provide to us or guarantee that information on the Service may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by unauthorised persons. We urge you to take steps to keep your personal information safe (including your account password), and to logout of your account after use. If your Facebook account is hacked, this may lead to unauthorised use of your Gaspy account, so be careful to keep your account information secure.
Policy Updates and Changes
Note that this Policy may be modified from time to time at our sole discretion, so check back frequently. We will notify you of any changes to the Policy by posting a new Policy and updating the “last modified” date at the top of this page.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or any of the practices described herein, please contact us at support@gaspyhq.com