Oops!
We can't seem to find the page you're looking for... Don't worry, click below to continue exploring.
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Cookies Settings
Reject All
Accept All Cookies
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
labelOops!
We can't seem to find the page you're looking for... Don't worry, click below to continue exploring.
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Cookies Settings
Reject All
Accept All Cookies
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://legal.conair.com/content/page/privacy-notice?referrer=www.conair.com:
Privacy Notice
Last Updated: May 1, 2024
Welcome to our website brought to you by Conair LLC and its corporate affiliates ("
Conair
,"
            "
we
," "
us
" or "
our
"). We value our relationship with you
            and your privacy. This Conair Privacy Notice ("
Privacy Notice
") explains how and why we
            collect, use, protect, and share your personal information, including the personal information we collect
            online via our websites ("
Sites
") and offline when you interact with us or use our
            services, (collectively, "
Services
").
We also may offer promotions or co-branded offerings; in some circumstances, those data collections will be
            governed by an additional or different privacy notices.
For California residents, please see the section at the end of this Privacy Notice entitled
Important Additional Privacy Information for California Residents
, which discusses the categories and specific pieces of personal information
            that we collect from California residents, how we use that information, and California residents' rights
            with respect to the personal information we collect. If any other section in this Privacy Notice can be read
            to conflict with the California Section, then the California Section controls with respect to California
            residents.
We collect personal information about you from a variety of sources, including, information that we collect
            directly from you; from other entities; and automatically when you use our Services. The type of personal
            information that we collect about you depends on your interaction with us.
Personal Information that We Collect Directly from You
We collect identifying information, financial information, demographic information, purchase
                history/customer records, and other personal information as described below when you use our Services or
                otherwise interact with us. In particular, we collect personal information when you take the following
                actions:
Create an Account:
You may create an account on certain of our Sites or in our
                    Apps. The type of personal information that we collect from you varies based on our Sites or Apps,
                    but includes, at a minimum, your name and email address. On some Sites or Apps, you also may provide
                    a postal mail address, store marketing preferences, and save recipes.
Make a Purchase:
When you make a purchase from us, we will collect your name,
                    billing and shipping addresses, email, phone number, payment card information, and items purchased.
                    Please also see our discussion below about purchases made through social media.
Sign Up for Marketing:
We collect your name and email address if you sign up
                    for email marketing from us (you also may sign up for email marketing when registering your
                    product with us). We also collect your phone number when you sign up for SMS marketing from us.
Posts to our Services or Our Social Media Pages:
You may post, or grant us
                    permission to post, your photos, reviews, ideas or other content to our Services, as indicated, and
                    on our social media pages. In some cases, an additional or different privacy notice will govern; we
                    will notify you at or before collection of the applicable privacy notice.
Register a Warranty:
Depending on the product and/or the particular Service, you
                    may
                    register a product warranty with us online or through a mobile feature. When you register, we
                    collect personal information about your purchase (product name, where purchased, price), your
                    name and contact information (mailing address, email) and you may have the option of answering
                    survey questions, such as with respect to your income bracket, age, gender, and marital status.
Contact Customer Service:
We collect personal information about you when you
                    contact our customer service department, whether by phone, mail, or email. This includes your name,
                    contact number, and scope of your inquiry. Calls to our call center may be recorded for quality
                    assurance and training purposes. We do not typically associate these recordings with the personal
                    information we collect about you.
Participate in Promotions:
If you participate in a promotion, then we will collect
                    the personal information that you submit as part of your entry. We may offer promotions in
                    connection with other entities, and, in some cases, our promotions will be governed by additional or
                    different privacy notices; we will notify you at the time of collection if your data will be subject
                    to an additional or different policy.
Interact at Tradeshows and Events:
We collect personal information from you that
                    you choose to provide to us at trade shows and other events (e.g., to our employees or other
                    representatives such as hairstylists). We collect the personal information that you choose to
                    provide to us, which may include, for example, your contact information and information about
                    preferred products.
Personal Information We Collect About You from Other Sources
Personal Information that we collect from other entities/brands:
We may collect
                    personal information about you from our affiliates.
Your Friends:
We may collect personal information about you if your friends
                    purchase a gift or product for you.
Social Media:
If you post on our social media pages, we may collect the information
                    that you post. We also may obtain personal information about you through your social media pages
                    that you have made public if you mention us in a post. Our collection of personal information about
                    you is governed by the social media page and not this policy. You may purchase some of our products
                    through certain social media sites or apps. If you do so, the social media site controls the data
                    that it provides to us, which will include, at a minimum, personal information necessary to
                    provision your order.
Purchase from Non-Affiliated Providers:
We may obtain a list of prospective
                    customers from a non-affiliated source, such as a list purchase, where permitted by applicable law.
                    We also may purchase demographic information from non-affiliated sources.
Other Merchants:
From time to time, we offer in-store or other promotions; if you
                    participate in a promotion, we may obtain your contact information from the store or other merchant.
Information We Collect Automatically:
We automatically collect personal information
                    about you when you use our Services (usage and technical information). We collect personal
                    information from our service providers and vendors, which may include operating systems and
                    platforms, internet service providers, data analytics providers, and social media. The type of
                    personal information that we collect varies depending on the settings of your web browser or device,
                    but it may include the pages you view on our Services; the date and time you access our Services;
                    how long you use our Services; the type of web browser you are using (for example, Firefox or
                    Chrome); the type of device you are using (for example, whether you are using a mobile device); and
                    your Internet Protocol address; unique IDs; your location information (collected, e.g., through our
                    third party analytics providers). Our service providers also may track your behavior through links
                    that you click on our Sites and Apps (e.g., if you link to a retailer through our Services, our
                    service providers may evaluate whether you completed a purchase on a non-affiliated site). See the
                    section below titled Cookies and Tracking for more information.
Use of Personal Information
We use your personal information for a variety of purposes, including:
Transactional Purposes:
to provision the requested services and orders; to
                    establish and update your account; and for other transactional purposes.
Customer service/communications:
to provide you with a personalized shopping
                    experience; for technical support to answer your inquiries; to provide product updates/recalls and
                    similar purposes.
Warranty Support:
to maintain information about your warranty and to honor the
                    terms of the warranty.
Marketing/Advertising:
for marketing purposes, including to provide you with
                    special offers, promotions, news, and newsletters; to contact you about products we think may
                    interest you, including products offered by our affiliated entities; to target advertisements to
                    you; to administer contests, promotions, and other offers; to send SMS messages; and for other marketing, advertising, and
                    promotional purposes. We, and our service providers, also use your information to determine the
                    success of our advertising campaigns, regardless of the marketing and advertising channel.
Administration:
for administrative purposes, including to manage our inventory; to
                    help us better understand how our customers access and use our Sites and Apps, including the pages
                    viewed, ad impressions clicked, or other Site or App activity; to maintain security and operability
                    of our Services (including for debugging purposes); to provide reports to prospective partners,
                    service providers, regulators, and others; to implement and maintain security, anti-piracy, fraud
                    prevention, and other services designed to protect you, others and us; to enforce this Privacy
                    Notice, our
Terms of Use
and other policies.
Research and development/Analytical purposes:
for research and development
                    purposes, including to improve our Services, products, and customer experience; to understand what
                    parts of our Sites and Apps are most popular or to improve upon such Sites and Apps; to understand
                    our customer demographics; and for other research and analytical purposes.
Legal compliance:
to comply with applicable legal or regulatory obligations,
                    including to respond to a subpoena or court order; to cooperate with law enforcement or other
                    governmental investigations; and as part of legal proceedings.
Protection of you, us and others:
where we believe it is necessary to protect you,
                    us and others, including, without limitation to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, security
                    incidents, or other issues where we believe it is appropriate to protect us and others.
Other uses:
that we notify you of or that you may consent to.
Sharing of Personal Information
We share your personal information with the following entities:
Corporate Relatives.
We may share your information with any current or future
                    parent company, affiliate, subsidiary or division.
Service Providers.
We share your information with our service providers or others
                    who perform functions on our behalf. For example, we share your personal information with service
                    providers who host our Sites and Apps, provide communication services, coordinate mailings, analyze personal information about our
                    customers, assist us in detecting and deterring fraud, security incidents, or other unlawful
                    activity, and for other business purposes as described above in Use of Information.
Third Party Providers; Ad Tech Vendors.
We also permit the collection of personal
                    information about you online through cookies and other tracking tools; please see Cookies and
                    Tracking and Analytics Providers/Advertisers sections below.
Select Partners.
If you choose to enter a joint promotion, then we will
                    share your contact information (and other personal information that you provide to us in connection
                    with that promotion) with the other party. The promotions may be subject to an additional or
                    different privacy notice.
Site and App Users.
We may share your personal information with other users of our
                    Sites and Apps. For example, if you post a review, pictures, or other content on our Services, the
                    contents of your post (including any pictures that you post) as well as other personal information,
                    such as your username, may be available publicly to all visitors to our Sites and Apps.
Analytics Providers/Advertisers.
As set forth above, we share personal information
                    with analytics providers and advertisers to assist us in implementing and evaluating relevant
                    advertising. Often the personal information that we share is collected from you through cookies and
                    other tracking technologies on our Sites and Apps. We also may disclose certain personal
                    information, which may use it to target advertising to you. See the section entitled Your Choices,
                    Opt-out of Interest Based Advertising below.
Social Media.
Our Sites may include social media features, such as Instagram,
                    Facebook, X/Twitter, Pinterest, LinkedIn, TikTok, Instagram and YouTube widgets. These features may
                    collect electronic and other internet activity information, such as your IP address and which page
                    you are visiting on our Sites. These widgets may set a cookie or utilize other tracking technologies
                    to accomplish this. Social media features and widgets are hosted by a third party, and your
                    interactions with those features are governed by the privacy policies of the companies that provide
                    them.
The above excludes text messaging originator opt-in data and consent; this information will not be
                    shared with any third parties.
We may also share your information in the following ways:
Business Transfers.
We may share your information with another entity if we or any
                    of our current or future corporate relatives are acquired by or merged with another legal entity, if
                    substantially all of our assets or the assets of one of our corporate relatives are sold or
                    transferred to another legal entity, as part of a bankruptcy proceeding, or as part of a sale of a
                    business or a similar transfer of assets.
In Response to Legal Process.
We share your information when we believe it is
                    appropriate to comply with the law or a regulatory requirement; to comply with governmental,
                    administrative, or judicial process or other similar requirement or order, such as a subpoena or
                    court order; to cooperate with law enforcement or other governmental investigations (without
                    necessarily requiring the law enforcement or government agency requesting the information to
                    formally serve us with a subpoena); or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved. We also
                    reserve the right to report to appropriate law enforcement or governmental agencies any activities
                    that we believe are in violation of applicable laws, rules, or regulations without providing notice.
To Protect Us and Others.
We share your information where we believe it is
                    necessary to prevent or investigate a possible crime, such as fraud or identity theft; to enforce a
                    contract; to protect the legal rights, Site, or safety of you, Conair, its corporate relatives, and
                    their respective employees, clients, partners, agents, other users, or the public in general; to
                    enforce our
Terms of Use
or this Privacy Notice; and to monitor and
                    remediate security issues.
Aggregate and De-Identified Information.
We may disclose aggregate and
                    de-identified information about our customers for marketing, advertising, research, or other
                    purposes.
Your Choices
You have certain choices regarding the personal information we collect about you. For example, you may:
Request to Modify Content You Have Posted.
You may request to modify content that
                    you have posted to our Sites and Apps by emailing us at
privacy@conair.com
and specifying the
                    content (such as comments or reviews) that you would like modified or deleted. In some cases, we may
                    not be able to remove your content. If this is the case, we will let you know if we are unable to do
                    so and why. Even if we are able to deidentify or make your content or information no longer visible,
                    there is no way to ensure complete or comprehensive removal of your content from the Internet
                    because third parties may have archives of Conair web pages or the information may have already been
                    forwarded to others. We therefore cannot prevent such information from being used in a manner that
                    may violate this Privacy Notice, the law, or your personal privacy.
Opt Out of Promotional Email Communications.
You may opt out of promotional emails
                    by clicking on the unsubscribe link in the email, or by emailing us at
privacy@conair.com
, and
                    explaining the email that you would like to unsubscribe from. Please also note that if you have
                    previously added your contact information to the mailing list of one of our clients or partners and
                    later withdraw your permission, you will have to contact that third party (or use an opt-out link
                    provided in an email communication from that client or partner) to request removal from that mailing
                    list as well.
Opt Out of Interest-Based Advertising.
We use third party providers to help us
                    provide advertisements to you that are tailored to you based on interests that you have expressed on
                    our Services or elsewhere ("Interest-Based Ads"). Any tracking done by third parties ad partners
                    through cookies and other mechanisms are subject to those parties own privacy policies. You may
                    manage Google cookies by clicking on: www.google.com/settings/ads/onweb/optout?hl=en.
Browser Signals
If you visit our Sites that are able to detect when your browser is 
                    transmitting an opt-out preference signal, such as a “global privacy control” (GPC) signal, we will 
                    opt that particular browser on your device out of targeting cookies for purposes of that Site. If you 
                    come to that Site from a different device or from a different browser on the same device, you will need 
                    to apply GPC for that browser and/or device as well.
Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI") and the Digital Advertising Alliance ("DAA").
You also may opt out of receiving Interest-Based Ads from many third-party ad networks, such as
                    those provided by members of the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI") and the Digital Advertising
                    Alliance ("DAA"). For more information regarding Interest-Based Ads by NAI members and DAA members,
                    including how to opt out of Interest-Based Ads provided by NAI and DAA members, please visit their
                    respective websites: optout.networkadvertising.org and optout.aboutads.info. You must opt out on
                    each browser and on each device.
Please note that opting out of participating ad networks does not mean that you will not see
                    advertisements at all, and you will continue to receive advertisements on other websites and from
                    companies that do not participate in the above programs. Even if you opt out of interest-based ads,
                    you may still see ads based on factors such as your general location derived from your IP address,
                    your browser type and recent, previous searches related to your current search. Certain of our Sites
                    and Apps also may use Facebook advertising, including Facebook Custom Audience. As set forth above
                    and in the Cookies and Tracking section below, we may disclose certain information (such as your
                    email address) to Facebook Custom Audiences (for more information on Facebook Custom Audience go to
https://www.facebook.com/help/568137493302217
) so that we can better target
                    ads and content to you and others with similar interests on third parties' websites or media
                    ("Custom Audiences"). We may
                    also work with other ad networks and marketing platforms that enable us and other participants to
                    target ads to Custom Audiences submitted by us and others. You may also control how Facebook and
                    other third parties display certain ads to you, as explained further in their respective privacy
                    policies or by using the opt-outs described in this paragraph.
Please note that even if you opt out of receiving marketing communications from us, we may still send
                you communications about your account or any products or services you have purchased from us and we will
                still respond to your inquiries and requests for information.
Cookies and Tracking
We and our third party providers use cookies and other mechanisms to track your use of our Services.
Cookies.
We or our third party providers may use cookies to track visitor activity
                    on our Sites and Apps, which may also include to help keep track of items you put into your shopping
                    cart, including when you have abandoned your cart, and this information is used to determine when to
                    send cart reminder messages via SMS, if applicable. A cookie is a text file that a website transfers
                    to your device. We or our third party providers may use cookies and other technologies to track user activities on our
                    Services, such as the web pages you view and time you spend on our Services. The help section on
                    most browsers will tell you how to prevent your computer from accepting new cookies, how to have the
                    browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. Visitors to
                    our Services who disable cookies may not be able to browse certain areas of the Services.
Clear GIFs, Pixel Tags and Other Technologies.
Clear GIFs are tiny graphics with a
                    unique identifier, similar in functionality to cookies, which are embedded invisibly on web pages.
                    We or our service providers may use clear GIFs (also known as web beacons, web bugs, pixel tags, or
                    action tags, among other names), in connection with our Services to perform functions like tracking
                    the activities of visitors to our Services, helping us manage content, and compiling statistics
                    about usage of our Services. We or our third party providers may also use clear GIFs in emails to
                    help us track email response rates, identify when our emails are viewed, and track whether our
                    emails are forwarded.
Embedded Scripts.
We may use embedded scripts, which is code designed to collect
                    information about how visitors interact with a website, such as the website which linked them to our
                    Site.
Analytics.
We use third party providers, such as Google Analytics, to evaluate the
                    use of our Sites and Apps. We or our service providers use automated devices and applications to
                    evaluate use of Services. We use these tools to help us improve our services, performance, and user
                    experiences. These entities may use cookies and other tracking technologies, such as web beacons or
                    local storage objects (LSOs), to perform their services. To learn more about Google's privacy
                    practices, please review the Google Privacy Policy at
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
. You can also download the Google
                    Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on to prevent their data from being used by Google Analytics at
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
.
Links
Our Services contain links to non-Conair websites and applications. Any access to and use of such
                non-Conair
                websites and applications are not governed by this Privacy Notice. Instead, your use of non-Conair
                websites
                or applications is governed by the privacy policies of those websites or applications. We are not
                responsible for the information practices of such third-party websites, and we encourage you to read
                their
                privacy policies.
International Transfers of Information
Our Services are intended to be used by customers located in the United States. If you are located
                anywhere
                outside of the United States, please be aware that information we collect about you, including personal
                information, will be transferred to, processed and stored in the United States. The data protection and
                privacy laws in the United States may differ from those of the country in which you are located. U.S.
                governmental agencies, courts, or law enforcement may be able to access or obtain your personal
                information
                (for example, in response to a court order).
By using our Services, you consent to the transfer, processing, and storage of your information,
                including
                personal information, in the United States.
Children
Our Services are for general audiences and are not targeted to children under thirteen (13) years of age.
                We do not knowingly collect any personal information from children younger than the age of thirteen
                (13), and we will delete any personal information collected that we later know to be from a customer
                under the age of thirteen (13). If you believe a child under the age of thirteen (13) has disclosed
                personal information to us, please contact us at
privacy@conair.com
and specify the customer and
                information you believe to be from the child under thirteen (13).
Security
We have taken steps to help protect the personal information we collect about you from loss, misuse,
                unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. However, no data security measures can
                guarantee 100% security. Please note that we cannot guarantee the security of any information we have
                collected about you, and your use of our Services indicates that you understand and accept this risk.
You should take steps to protect your account by, among other things, choosing a strong, unique password
                for each account that nobody else knows or can easily guess and keeping your log-in and password
                information private. We are not responsible for any lost, stolen, or compromised passwords or for any
                activity on your account via unauthorized password activity.
Changes to this Privacy Notice
This Privacy Notice will be updated from time to time. Changes to this Privacy Notice will go into effect
                when posted. If revisions to this Privacy Notice materially affect how we use personal information that
                we collected from you prior to the date of the revised Privacy Notice, we will obtain your consent for
                any new uses or sharing of your personal information. We will post any updated Privacy Notice to our
                Sites and Apps.
Important Additional Information for California Residents
This subsection provides California residents (“California customers” or “you”) with additional
                information regarding our collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Information, as well as your
                privacy rights, under California privacy laws.
This subsection (“California Privacy Notice”) is intended to satisfy our notice and privacy policy
                requirements under the California Consumer Privacy Act and the regulations issued thereto, each as
                amended (collectively, the “CCPA”).
The information in this California Privacy Notice is intended to provide an overall description of how we
                process California consumer’s Personal Information. We may provide you additional notices about our data
                practices, and we encourage you to carefully read this California Privacy Notice, together with any
                other privacy notice we may provide to you.
Scope:
This California Privacy Notice applies to Personal Information whether collected online or offline. In
                this California Privacy Notice, “Personal Information” is any information that identifies, relates to,
                describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or
                indirectly, with you or your household (subject to certain exemptions under CCPA).
This section does not address or apply to information or practices that are not subject to the CCPA,
                such as:
Publicly Available Information.
Information that is lawfully made available from
                    government records, information we have a reasonable basis to believe is lawfully made available to
                    the general public by you or by widely distributed media, or by a person to whom you have disclosed
                    the information and not restricted it to a specific audience.
Deidentified Information.
Information that is deidentified in accordance with
                    applicable laws.
Aggregated Information.
Information that relates to a group from which individual
                    identities have been removed.
Certain Health Information.
Information governed by the Health Insurance
                    Portability and Accountability Act or California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act.
Activities Covered by the Fair Credit Reporting Act.
This includes information we
                    receive from consumer reporting agencies that are subject to the Fair Credit Reporting Act (e.g.,
                    information contained in background or credit check reports we obtain as part of our vetting
                    process).
This California Privacy Notice also does not apply to the Personal Information we collect from our contractors, job
                applicants, or our employees, which are subject to different notices.
Where Conair has committed to maintaining and using Personal Information in a deidentified form, Conair
                agrees not to reidentify deidentified data except as permitted by applicable law.
Categories of Personal Information Collected and Disclosed
While our processing of Personal Information varies based upon our relationship and interactions with
                you, the table below identifies, generally, the categories of Personal Information that we have
                collected about California residents in the prior twelve (12) months, as well as the categories of third
                parties to whom we may disclose this Personal Information for a business or commercial purpose. For more
                information about the business and commercial purposes, for which we may disclose your Personal
                Information, please see the
Sharing of Information
section
                above and the Purposes for Collecting, Using, Disclosing, and Processing Personal Information below.
Personal Information Collected
Third Party Disclosures for Business or Commercial Purposes
Category
Description
Identifiers
Includes name, alias, address, unique personal identifier, online identifier,
                                    Internet Protocol (IP) address, email address, account name, or similar information
advisors and agents
government entities and law enforcement
affiliates and subsidiaries
advertising networks
data analytics providers
social networks
internet service providers
operating systems and platforms
business customer/client
others as permitted by law
Categories of Personal Information Described in Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80
Includes records containing Personal Information, such as name, photographs 
                                (if you choose to post on our Sites or Apps), product reviews, address, telephone 
                                number, credit card number or debit card number.
advisors and agents
government entities and law enforcement
affiliates and subsidiaries
internet service providers
operating systems and platforms
business customer/client
others as permitted by law
Commercial Information
Includes products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other
                                    purchasing or use histories or tendencies.
advisors and agents
government entities and law enforcement
affiliates and subsidiaries
advertising networks
data analytics providers
social networks
internet service providers
operating systems and platforms
business customer/client
others as permitted by law
Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity Information
Includes information regarding your use of our browsing history, clickstream data,
                                    search history, and information regarding interaction with our Sites, Apps, or
                                    advertisements, including access logs and other activity information related to the
                                    use of our Services.
advisors and agents
government entities and law enforcement
affiliates and subsidiaries
advertising networks
data analytics providers
social networks
internet service providers
operating systems and platforms
business customer/client
others as permitted by law
Geolocation Data
Includes general location information about a particular individual or device, which we
                                    collect through our analytics provides and with your consent as described above.
advisors and agents
government entities and law enforcement
affiliates and subsidiaries
internet service providers
operating systems and platforms
others as permitted by law
Audio, Electronic, Visual, Thermal, or Similar Information
Includes audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information such
                                    as, photographs and images (e.g., that you provide us) and call recordings (e.g., of
                                    customer support calls).
advisors and agents
government entities and law enforcement
affiliates and subsidiaries
others as permitted by law
Characteristics of Protected Classifications
Includes characteristics of protected classifications under California and federal
                                    laws such as date of birth and gender.
advisors and agents
affiliates and subsidiaries
advertising networks
internet service providers, operating systems and platforms
data analytics providers
government entities
data brokers
others as permitted by law
Profiles and Inferences
Includes inferences drawn from other Personal Information that we collect to create
                                    a profile reflecting an individual's preferences and purchase tendencies.
advisors and agents
government entities and law enforcement
affiliates and subsidiaries
advertising networks
data analytics providers
social networks
internet service providers
operating systems and platforms
business customer/client
others as permitted by law
Sensitive Personal Information
Includes age and gender.
advisors and agents
government entities and law enforcement
affiliates and subsidiaries
internet service providers
others as permitted by law
Sale and Sharing of Personal Information
Additionally, the CCPA defines "sale" as disclosing or making available to a third-party Personal
                Information in exchange for monetary or other valuable consideration, and “sharing” includes disclosing
                or making available Personal Information to a third party for purposes of cross-contextual behavioral
                advertising. While we do not disclose Personal Information to third parties in exchange for monetary
                compensation, we may disclose the following categories of Personal Information: identifiers, profiles
                and inferences, and internet or other electric network activity information to third-party advertising
                networks, analytics providers, and social networks for purposes of marketing and advertising. We do not
                sell or share Sensitive Personal Information, nor do we sell or share any Personal Information about
                individuals who we know are under sixteen (16) years old.
Sources of Personal Information
As further described in the "
Information We Collect About You,
" section above, we collect Personal
                Information from the following sources: directly from you; advertising networks; data analytics
                providers; social networks; internet service providers; operating systems and platforms; your friends;
                affiliated entities; partners (e.g., if we offer a joint promotion); and government entities.
Retention
We retain the Personal Information we collect only as reasonably necessary for the purposes described
                above or otherwise disclosed to you at the time of collection. For example, we will retain your profile
                and account data for as long as you have an active account with us, transactional data for as long as
                necessary to comply with our tax, accounting and recordkeeping obligations, administer applicable
                returns and warranty programs, and for research, development and safety purposes, as well as an
                additional period of time as necessary to protect, defend or establish our rights, defend against
                potential claims, or comply with legal obligations.
Purposes for Collecting, Using, Disclosing, and Processing Personal Informationn
As more fully described in the “Use of Information” section above, we collect, use, and otherwise process
                the above categories of Personal Information to provide our Services to you, respond to and fulfill your
                orders and requests, as otherwise directed or consented to by you, and for the following business and
                commercial purposes: Transactional purposes, Customer service and communications, Warranty support,
                Marketing and advertising, General business and operational support, Research and development or
                analytical purposes, Legal compliance and Protection of us and others.
Sensitive Personal Information
We do not use or disclose of Sensitive Personal Information beyond the purposes authorized by the CCPA.
                Accordingly, we use and disclose Sensitive Personal Information as reasonably necessary (i) to perform
                our services requested by you, (ii) to help ensure security and integrity, including to prevent, detect,
                and investigate security incidents, (iii) to detect, prevent and respond to malicious, fraudulent,
                deceptive, or illegal conduct, (iv) to verify or maintain the quality and safety of our services, (v)
                for compliance with our legal obligations, (vi) to our service providers who perform services on our
                behalf, and (vii) for purposes other than inferring characteristics about you.
California Resident Rights
The CCPA provides you with certain rights regarding your Personal Information. This section describes
                those rights and how to exercise them. Please note that these rights are subject to certain conditions
                and exceptions.
Right to Know/Request Access.
With respect to the Personal Information we have
                collected
                about you in the prior twelve (12) months, you have the right to know:
The categories of Personal Information we collected about you;
The categories of sources from which we collected your Personal Information;
The business or commercial purposes for collecting, selling, or sharing your Personal Information;
The categories of third parties to whom we have disclosed your Personal Information; and
The specific pieces of your Personal Information we have collected.
Right to Delete.
Subject to certain conditions and exceptions, you have the right
                to
                request we delete your Personal Information.
Right to Correct.
Subject to certain conditions and exceptions, you have the
                right to
                request that we correct inaccuracies in your Personal Information.
Right to Opt-Out of Sales and Sharing.
You have the right to opt-out of “sales”
                and
                “sharing” of your Personal Information, as those terms are defined under the CCPA. While we do not “sell” 
                Personal Information in the traditional sense (i.e.,
                for money), our use of third-party analytics and advertising cookies may be considered “selling” and
                “sharing” under CCPA.
To exercise your right to opt-out of the “sale” or “sharing” of your Personal Information, please
click here
or use the Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information link at the
                bottom of our website.
Additionally, if you visit our Sites that are able to detect when your browser is transmitting an opt-out preference signal, such as 
                a “global privacy control” (GPC) signal, we will opt that particular browser on your device out of targeting cookies for purposes of 
                that Site. If you come to that Site from a different device or from a different browser on the same device, you will 
                need to apply GPC for that browser and/or device as well. To enable GPC, you can visit the Global 
                Privacy Control page at
https://globalprivacycontrol.org
.
Right to Non-Discrimination.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of
                    the
                    rights described in this section.
Authorized Agents.
You may designate someone as an authorized agent to submit
                requests
                and act on your behalf. Authorized agents will be required to provide proof of their authorization in
                their first
                communication with us and we may also require that the relevant consumer directly verify their identity
                and the authority of the authorized agent.
Exercising Your Rights.
If you are a California resident and would like to exercise your CCPA rights, you may do so by:
Calling us at 1-833-266-2479 (toll free)
Completing an online request form:
Request my Information
or
Delete my Information
Verification.
Before responding to your request, we must first verify your identity
                using the Personal Information you recently provided to us. You must provide us with: First Name, Last
                Name, Address, City, ZIP Code, and Email. We will take steps to verify your request by matching the
                information provided by you with the information we have in our records. In some cases, we may request
                additional information in order to verify your identity, or where necessary to process your request. If
                we are unable to verify your identity after a good faith attempt, we may deny the request and, if so,
                will explain the basis for the denial.
For more information about our privacy practices, you may contact us as set forth in Section 14,
Contact Us
.
Important Additional Information for Certain U.S. Residents
Important Additional Information for Certain U.S. Residents
This subsection provides residents of certain U.S. states (including Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, and Virginia) 
            (“you” or “your”) with additional information regarding our collection, use, and disclosure of your personal 
            information, as well as your privacy rights under applicable laws
Categories of Personal Information Collected and Disclosed
We may collect and disclose the following categories of personal information to third parties such 
            as advisors and agents, government entities and law enforcement, affiliates and subsidiaries, advertising 
            networks, data analytics providers, social networks, internet service providers, operating systems and 
            platforms, business customers or clients, and others as permitted by law:
Identifiers
Commercial information
Internet or other electronic network activity information
Geolocation data
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, or similar information
Characteristics of protected classifications
Profiles and inferences
Sensitive personal information
Purposes for Collecting and Processing Personal Information
As more fully described in the “Use of Information” section above, we collect, use, and otherwise process 
            the above categories of personal information to provide our services to you, respond to and fulfill your 
            orders and requests, as otherwise directed or consented to by you, and for the following business and 
            commercial purposes: transactional purposes, customer service and communications, warranty support, marketing 
            and advertising, general business and operational support, research and development or analytical purposes, 
            legal compliance and protection of us and others.
Privacy Rights Under Applicable Laws
Residents of certain U.S. states (including Colorado, Connecticut, Utah and Virginia) may also have certain rights under applicable
                privacy laws, subject to certain limitations and exceptions. These rights may include:
Right to Access/Know.
To confirm whether we are processing your personal information and
                    to access and obtain a copy of your personal information in a portable and, to the extent
                    technically feasible, readily usable format.
Right to Correct.
To correct inaccuracies in your personal information.
Right to Delete.
To delete personal information provided to or obtained about you.
Rights to Opt-Out.
To opt out of certain types of processing, including:
if applicable, to opt out of the sale your personal information.
to opt out of our use of your personal information for purposes of targeted advertising.
If applicable, to opt out of our processing of your personal information for purposes of making
                        decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects.
Right to Appeal.
If we deny your request, you may be able to appeal our decision by contacting
                    us at
privacy@conair.com
.
You may submit a request to exercise your applicable state privacy rights through our online web form,
                available
here
, or by
                contacting us using the contact information in Section 14,
Contact Us
.
Contact Us
By email:
privacy@conair.com
By mail: Conair Corporation
Attention: Privacy Team
1 Cummings Point Road
Stamford, CT 06902