Hatch Privacy Policy
LAST UPDATED: December 11, 2024
Your privacy is important to us at Hatch Baby, Inc. ("we", "us", "our"). This privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") describes the collection, use and disclosure of your information when you use our “Offerings” (described below).
This Privacy Policy also informs you as to your choices regarding use and disclosure of your Personally Identifiable Information. If you have questions, comments, or concerns about our privacy policy, please contact us at
support@hatch.co
.
We use your Personal Information to provide and improve our Offerings. By accessing any Hatch Offerings, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use our Offerings. Each time you use our Offerings, the current version of the Privacy Policy will apply.
1. OUR “OFFERINGS”:
Websites (including but not limited to
https://www.hatch.co
)
Apps (including but not limited to Hatch Baby, Hatch Sleep)("apps"),
Products (including but not limited to The Smart Changing Pad®, Hatch Rest, Hatch Rest+, Hatch Grow, Hatch Restore) ("products")
2. INFORMATION COLLECTION
We may collect a variety of information from or about you or your devices from various sources, as described below.
2.1 INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE TO US WHEN CREATING AN ACCOUNT
Registration and Account Information. When you sign up for an account, we ask you for your email address.
2.2 INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE US WHILE USING THE HATCH SLEEP AND, HATCH BABY APPS
While you are using the apps we collect certain Personally Identifiable information including, but not limited to, your name and your email address. Android requires that location services be turned on to actively connect to BLE devices. We do not collect or use that information in our apps.
While you are using the apps, we may also collect certain Personally Identifiable information including, but not limited to, your child's name, child's birthday, and/or child's gender.
While using the Hatch Baby app you may also record various information about activities depending on what features of the app you chose to use. These may include, but are not limited to, weights, sleeps, feedings, pumpings and length. This information is displayed to you through the daily summary, daily schedule, daily activity and stats for your own personal use when tracking your baby's activities.
When using the Hatch app, you may also provide us with contact information for other individuals, such as your friends and family, in order to invite them to see your child's information. By submitting personal information relating to other people to us, you represent that you have the authority to do so and to permit us to use the information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
2.3 INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE US WHILE USING WEBSITE
While using our Website, if you purchase a product or create an account, we may ask you to provide us with certain Personal Information that can be used to contact or identify you including, but not limited to, your name, email address, postal address and phone number.
Contact Forms. If you complete one of our contact forms, we may collect information such as your name, email address, the product you are inquiring about, the contents of a message or attachments that you may send to us, and other information you choose to provide.
Careers. If you decide that you wish to apply for a job with us, you may submit your contact information and your resume online. We will collect the information you choose to provide on your resume, such as your education and employment experience. You may also apply through a third party service, such as Greenhouse. If you do so, we will collect the information you make available to us through that service.
User Content, Tuck-Ins (audio recordings), and Other Features.
When using certain features on our Website, such as the Tuck-Ins by You feature, you may provide your name along with a recording of your voice or other content. Any content you provide will be considered User Content as described in our Terms of Service. By using the Tuck- Ins by You feature, you consent to our sharing your name and the User Content you provide with the person who invited you to provide the User Content for the Tuck-Ins feature. We will use the User Content you provide to allow that person to access your User Content for playback on their Hatch Rest and/or Rest+ device using the Hatch Sleep app.
Payment Information. If you make a payment on our Offerings, your payment-related information, such as credit card or other financial information, is collected by our third- -3- party payment processor on our behalf. We may also request your name, phone number, and address.
2.4 INFORMATION WE AUTOMATICALLY COLLECT WHEN YOU USE OUR SERVICES
Usage Information. We automatically receive information about your interactions with our Offerings.
Usage Data may include information such as your device's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Website that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Device Information. We receive information about the device and software you use to access our Offerings. When you access the Website by or through a mobile device, we may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, unique device identifiers, open rates and engagements between push notifications, and other diagnostic data. We may also collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Website or when you access the Website by or through a mobile device.
Information from Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies.
We and our third-party partners collect information about your activities on our Offerings using cookies, pixel tags, SDKs, or other tracking technologies. Our third-party partners, such as analytics, advertising, and security partners, may also use these technologies to collect information about your online activities over time and across different services.
2.5 INFORMATION WE COLLECT THROUGH COMMUNICATIONS WITH YOU
Communications.
If you contact us directly, we may receive additional information about you, such as your name, email address, phone number, the contents of a message or attachments that you may send to us, and other information you choose to provide. When you communicate with us online, third party vendors receive and store these communications on our behalf. When we send you emails, we may use embedded pixels or other technologies to track information about your receipt and interaction with our emails, such as whether and when you open them, whether you access any links included in our emails, how long you read our emails, whether you forward our emails and to whom, your location information, and your Device Information (described above), to learn how to deliver a better customer experience and improve our Offerings.
2.6 INFORMATION WE RECEIVE FROM OTHER SOURCES
Information from Third-party Services. If you choose to link our Offerings to a third-party account, we may receive information about you. If you wish to limit the -4- information available to us, you should visit the privacy settings of your third- party accounts to learn about your options.
3. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We use the information we collect:
To provide and maintain our Offerings, monitor usage of our Offerings, and personalize your experience in our apps and websites;
To manage your account, communicate with you about your account, requests and transactions, provide information that you request, respond to comments and questions, and otherwise provide customer support;
To facilitate transactions and payments;
To send you text messages and push notifications;
For marketing and advertising purposes, such as developing and providing promotional and advertising materials that may be relevant, valuable or otherwise of interest to you;
To run diagnostic reports on our Products and Apps;
To generate anonymized or aggregate data containing only de-identified, non- personal information that we may use for any lawful purposes;
To assist you in resolving issues with Products and Apps;
To understand and analyze how you use our Offerings and develop new products, services, features, and functionality;
To find and prevent fraud and abuse, and respond to trust and safety issues that may arise;
For compliance purposes, including enforcing our Terms of Service or other legal rights, or as may be required by applicable laws and regulations or requested by any judicial process or governmental agency;
For other purposes for which we provide specific notice at the time the information is collected.
4. HOW WE DISCLOSE YOUR INFORMATION
As part of our Offerings, we may disclose your information for the following purposes:
To vendors and service providers retained in connection with the provision of our Offerings.
To analytics providers such as Google Analytics in order to collect and process certain analytics data. You can learn more about Google's practices by visiting
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
.
To include you in a giveaway with our advertising and marketing partners in order to promote our Offerings, including joint marketing partners and affiliates.
To serve you advertisements regarding goods and services that may be of interest to you when you access and use our websites, online services and apps. In these cases we may use third-party advertising companies and these companies may place or recognize a unique cookies or other tracking technologies on your browser (including through use of pixel tags). To learn more about these practices, and to learn about your choices in connection with it, please visit the Digital Advertising Alliance's Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising at
www.aboutads.info
, or the Network Advertising Initiative at
www.networkadvertising.org
. These opt-outs will apply only to our third-party advertising partners that are members of these organizations. These opt-outs will not apply
To service providers, advisors, potential transactional partners, or other third parties in connection with the consideration, negotiation, or completion of a corporate transaction in which we are acquired by or merged with another company or we sell, liquidate, or transfer all or a portion of our assets. The use of your information following any of these events will be governed by the provisions of this Privacy Policy in effect at the time the applicable information was collected.To our current or future affiliates for any of the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
If required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is appropriate (a) under applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to respond to requests from public and government authorities, including public and government authorities outside your country of residence; (d) to enforce our terms and conditions; (e) to protect our operations or those of any of our affiliates; (f) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others; and (g) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
You may choose to share your Personal Information or otherwise interact in public areas of our Offerings and your information will be shared accordingly.
We may disclose your Personal Information for any other purpose with your consent.
5. Third Parties
Our Offerings may contain links to other websites, products, or services that we do not own or operate. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these third parties. Please be aware that this Privacy Policy does not apply to your activities on these third- party services or any information you disclose to these third parties. We encourage you to read their privacy policies before providing any information to them.
6. Children's Privacy
You must be at least eighteen (18) years of age to register for and use our Offerings. Our Offerings are intended for parents and are not directed to children. We request children under the age of 18 not provide personal information through our Offerings.
7. Your Choices
From time to time, we send marketing e-mail messages to our users. If you no longer want to receive such emails from us on a going forward basis, you may opt-out via the "unsubscribe" link provided in each such email.
8. Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. We will maintain appropriate administrative, physical, and technical safeguards for protection of the security, confidentiality and integrity of our Offerings and related data.
Regarding the Audio Monitor in Rest+, you're required to be on the same network as your Rest+ and the audio never leaves your house. Rest+ has several layers of security in place, starting with your WiFi network, your Hatch account, our internal security protocols, etc. Access must be expressly granted to your WiFi network and to your Rest+ device in order to use the audio monitor.
9. Compliance With Laws
We will disclose your Personal Information where required to do so by law or subpoena or if we believe that such action is necessary to comply with the law and the reasonable requests of law enforcement or to protect the security or integrity of our Offerings
10. International Visitors
Our Offerings are hosted in the United States and intended for visitors located within the United States. If you choose to use the Offerings from the European Union or other regions of the world with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, then please note that you are transferring your personal information outside of those regions to the U.S. for storage and processing. We may also transfer your data from the U.S. to other countries or regions in connection with storage and processing of data, fulfilling your requests, and operating the Offerings By providing any information, including personal information, on or to the Offerings, you consent to such transfer, storage, and processing.
11. Changes to our Privacy Policy
We may change our Privacy Policy from time to time at our sole discretion. We encourage visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to our Privacy Policy. Your continued use of our products and services after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of the change.
12. Inquiries
If you have any questions, feel free to contact us by email at:
support@hatch.co
Hatch.co Cookie Policy
Close dialog
Hatch.co Cookie Policy
This website uses cookies to enhance user experience and to analyze performance and traffic on our website.
Expand to learn more
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Many websites and apps use Google services to improve their content and keep it free. When they integrate our services, these sites and apps share information with Google.
For example, when you visit a website that uses advertising services like AdSense, including analytics tools like Google Analytics, or embeds video content from YouTube, your web browser automatically sends certain information to Google. This includes the URL of the page you’re visiting and your IP address. We may use the IP address, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also
set cookies on your browser
or read cookies that are already there. Apps that use Google advertising services also share information with Google, such as the name of the app and a unique identifier for advertising.
Google uses the information shared by sites and apps to deliver our services, maintain and improve them, develop new services, measure the effectiveness of advertising, protect against fraud and abuse, and personalize content and ads you see on Google and on our partners’ sites and apps. See our
Privacy Policy
to learn more about how we process data for each of these purposes and our
Advertising
page for more about Google ads, how your information is used in the context of advertising, and how long Google stores this information.
Our
Privacy Policy
explains the legal grounds Google relies upon to process your information — for example, we may process your information with your consent or to pursue legitimate interests such as providing, maintaining and improving our services to meet the needs of our users.
Sometimes, when processing information shared with us by sites and apps, those sites and apps will ask for your consent before allowing Google to process your information. For example, a banner may appear on a site asking for consent for Google to process the information that site collects. When that happens, we will respect the purposes described in the consent you give to the site or app, rather than the legal grounds described in the Google Privacy Policy. If you want to change or withdraw your consent, you should visit the site or app in question to do so.
Ad personalization
If ad personalization is turned on, Google will use your information to make your ads more useful for you. For example, a website that sells mountain bikes might use Google's ad services. After you visit that site, you could see an ad for mountain bikes on a different site that shows ads served by Google.
If ad personalization is off, Google will not collect or use your information to create an ad profile or personalize the ads Google shows to you. You will still see ads, but they may not be as useful. Ads may still be based on the topic of the website or app you're looking at, your current search terms, or on your general location, but not on your interests, search history, or browsing history. Your information can still be used for the other purposes mentioned above, such as to measure the effectiveness of advertising and protect against fraud and abuse.
When you interact with a website or app that uses Google services, you may be asked to choose whether you want to see personalized ads from ad providers, including Google. Regardless of your choice, Google will not personalize the ads you see if your ad personalization setting is off or your account is ineligible for personalized ads.
You can see and control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your
ad settings
.
How you can control the information collected by Google on these sites and apps
Here are some of the ways you can control the information that is shared by your device when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services:
Ad Settings
helps you control ads you see on Google services (such as Google Search or YouTube), or on non-Google websites and apps that use Google ad services. You can also
learn how
ads are personalized, opt out of ad personalization, and block specific advertisers.
If you are signed in to your Google Account, and depending on your Account settings,
My Activity
allows you to review and control data that’s created when you use Google services, including the information we collect from the sites and apps you have visited. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Many websites and apps use Google Analytics to understand how visitors engage with their sites or apps. If you don’t want Analytics to be used in your browser, you can
install the Google Analytics browser add-on
. Learn more about
Google Analytics and privacy
.
Incognito mode in Chrome
allows you to browse the web without recording webpages and files in your browser or Account history (unless you choose to sign in). Cookies are deleted after you've closed all of your incognito windows and tabs, and your bookmarks and settings are stored until you delete them. Learn more about
cookies
. Using Incognito mode in Chrome or other private browsing modes does not prevent the collection of data when you visit websites that use Google services, and Google may still collect data when you visit websites using these browsers.
Many browsers, including Chrome, allow you to block third-party cookies. You can also clear any existing cookies from within your browser. Learn more about
managing cookies in Chrome
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語