A unique approach to weather forecasts, for your ride, with your route, at your pace.
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy is here to help you understand what information we collect, how we use it, and what
    choices you have.
Information we collect and receive
We collect different kinds of information. Here are the types
    of information we collect or receive:
Log data.
When you use Epic Ride Weather, our servers automatically record information, including
      information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website or your mobile app sends when
      you're using it. This log data may include your Internet Protocol address, details of the requested
      resource, the date and time of your request. Log data is routinely deleted after a few months.
Device information.
In addition to log data, we may also collect information about the device
      you're using Epic Ride Weather on, including what type of device it is, what operating system you're
      using, device settings, and crash data. Whether we collect some or all of this information often
      depends on what type of device you're using and its settings.
Geo-location information.
WiFi and IP addresses received from your browser or device may be
      used to determine approximate location. Requests for forecasts using Epic Ride Weather include
      latitude/longitude coordinates using locations that you provide as a route. When you connect Epic Ride Weather
      to a third party service, you may give permission for that service to send Epic Ride Weather routes that
      include latitude/longitude coordinates and the time that you recorded the location.
Usage information.
Epic Ride Weather collects usage information that includes which application
      pages that you interact with and which related services that you use with within Epic Ride Weather.
Account identifier.
Epic Ride Weather associates each user with a unique identifier, and receives
      this indentifier when you use the Epic Ride Weather app.
Cookies.
The Epic Ride Weather website uses cookies. More details are available in the
cookie policy
.
How we use your information
We use your information for the following:
Providing the Epic Ride Weather service.
We use the information that you provide to authenticate
      you and deliver forecast content to you. We use the account identifier to keep track of how many
      forecasts have been issued for your account, and to add to your account balance when you make a
      purchase.
Understanding and improving our products.
To make the product better we have to understand
      how users are using it. We have a fair bit of data about usage and we intend to use it many different
      ways to improve our products, including research. This policy is not intended to place any limits
      on what we do with usage data that is aggregated or de-identified so it is no longer tied to an
      Epic Ride Weather user.
Solving your problems and responding to your requests.
If you contact us with a problem or
      question, we will use your information to respond to that request and address your problems or
      concerns.
Your Choices
When you use Epic Ride Weather you have control over how much information we collect.
Usage information.
Non-essential usage information that is collected to understand and improve
      Epic Ride Weather can be disabled or enabled from the Epic Ride Weather settings.
Geo-location information.
When you sign in to a third party service in Epic Ride Weather you may give them permission to
      share your geo-location information with us. To delete this information, you can log out of the
      service from the account page in Epic Ride Weather.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may change this policy from time to time, and if we do we'll post any changes on this page. If you
    continue to use Epic Ride Weather after those changes are in effect, you agree to the revised policy.
    If the changes are material, we may provide more prominent notice or seek your consent to the new
    policy.
Contacting Epic Ride Weather
Please also feel free to contact us if you have any questions about the Epic Ride Weather Privacy Policy
    or practices. You may contact us at
david@epicrideweather.com
.