Privacy Policy
Website
It is Too Much Wasabi LLC.'s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website. This Privacy Policy applies to
www.TooMuchWasabi.com
(hereinafter, "us", "we", or "www.TooMuchWasabi.com"). We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting personally identifiable information you may provide us through the Website. We have adopted this privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") to explain what information may be collected on our Website, how we use this information, and under what circumstances we may disclose the information to third parties. This Website Privacy Policy applies only to information we collect through the Website and does not apply to our collection of information from other sources.
This Privacy Policy, together with the Terms and conditions posted on our Website, set forth the general rules and policies governing your use of our Website. Depending on your activities when visiting our Website, you may be required to agree to additional terms and conditions.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Too Much Wasabi LLC. collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Too Much Wasabi LLC.'s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Too Much Wasabi LLC.'s visitors use its website. From time to time, Too Much Wasabi LLC. may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Advertisements
Ads appearing on our website may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Too Much Wasabi LLC. and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Links to External Sites
Our Service may contain links to external sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy and terms and conditions of every site you visit.
We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites, products or services.
Aggregated Statistics
Too Much Wasabi LLC. may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its website. Too Much Wasabi LLC. may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Too Much Wasabi LLC. does not disclose your personally-identifying information. Google Analytics is used throughout Too Much Wasabi LLC.. To view the details of Google Analytics visit:
Google Analytics Terms of Service
Cookies
To enrich and perfect your online experience, Too Much Wasabi LLC. uses "Cookies", similar technologies and services provided by others to display personalized content, appropriate advertising and store your preferences on your computer.
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Too Much Wasabi LLC. uses cookies to help Too Much Wasabi LLC. identify and track visitors, their usage of http://www.TooMuchWasabi.com, and their website access preferences. Too Much Wasabi LLC. visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Too Much Wasabi LLC.'s websites, with the drawback that certain features of Too Much Wasabi LLC.'s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
By continuing to navigate our website without changing your cookie settings, you hereby acknowledge and agree to Too Much Wasabi LLC.'s use of cookies.
Mobile Apps
This privacy policy governs your use of our mobile applications for mobile devices that were created by Too Much Wasabi LLC.
User-Provided Information
We do not collect or store any information on your normal use of our Applications. By using the 'Share Feedback' feature on our Applications, we may receive your e-mail address, version of the Application you're using, and version of your iOS (Operating System). This information is received for the purpose of providing support and customer service for our Applications. We may use your e-mail address to directly respond to your feedback.
Real-Time Location Information
Our Applications do not collect precise real-time location information about the location of your mobile device.
Do Third Parties See and/or Have Access to Information Obtained by the Application?
Only aggregated, anonymized data is periodically transmitted to external services to help us improve the Application and our service. We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement.
As required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;
When we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
With our trusted services providers who work on our behalf, do not have an independent use of the information we disclose to them, and have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this privacy statement.
If Too Much Wasabi LLC. is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via e-mail and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of this information, as well as any choices you may have regarding this information.
To advertisers and third party advertising networks and analytics companies as described in the section below
Automatic Data Collection and Advertising
We may work with analytics companies to help us understand how our Applications are being used, such as the frequency and duration of usage. We work with advertisers and third party advertising networks, who need to know how you interact with advertising provided in the Application which helps us keep the cost of our Applications free. These third parties may also obtain anonymous information about other applications you've downloaded to your mobile device, the mobile websites you visit, your non-precise location information (e.g., your zip code), and other non-precise location information in order to help analyze and serve anonymous targeted advertising on our Applications.
Too Much Wasabi LLC. Mobile Apps utilize
Google AdMob
.
Too Much Wasabi LLC. Mobile Apps utilize
Firebase Analytics for Apps
. (Firebase is a Google product.)
Too Much Wasabi LLC. Mobile Apps utilize
Firebase Crashlytics for Apps
. (Firebase is a Google product.)
Learn how Google manages data in its ads products.
If you'd like to opt-out from third party use of this type of information to help serve targeted advertising, please visit the section entitled "Opt-out" below.
What are my Opt-Out Rights?
Opt-out of all information collection by uninstalling the Application: You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling the Application.
Data Retention Policy, Managing Your Information
We will retain
User-Provided
data for as long as you use our Applications and for a reasonable time thereafter. We will retain automatically collected information for up to 24 months and thereafter may store it in aggregate. If you'd like us to delete
User-Provided
Data that you have provided via the Application, please contact us at privacy@toomuchwasabi.com and we will respond in a reasonable time.
Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA)
We do not use our Applications to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us at privacy@toomuchwasabi.com. We will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time. Our Website and Applications are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old.
Your Consent
By using our Applications, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. "Processing," means using cookies on a computer/hand held device or using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information, all of which activities will take place in the United States. If you reside outside the United States your information will be transferred, processed and stored there under United States privacy standards.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Too Much Wasabi LLC. may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Too Much Wasabi LLC.'s sole discretion. Too Much Wasabi LLC. encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change. This Privacy Policy page was last modified on
April 26, 2018
Contact Us
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us via e-mail at privacy@toomuchwasabi.com