Privacy Policy and Privacy Notice
Updated and with Effective Date of Revisions
December 10, 2024
Contents
Guiding Principles
General
Section 1. Protecting Students and their Personal Information
Section 2. Parental Rights and Consents
Section 3. Information Quizizz Collects
Section 4. Information We Store; Data Retention
Section 5. Information Shared with Third Parties
Section 6. How Quizizz Collects Minimum Necessary Personal Information
Section 7. How Quizizz Uses this Information
Section 8. Advertising and Marketing
Section 9. Changes to Privacy Policy and Notice
Section 10. Openness and Transparency
Section 11. Managing Your Personal Information and Data
Section 12. Data Security
Section 13. Cookies and Web Beacons
Section 14. Compliance With Laws. Policy Incorporates by Reference
Section 15. Additional Policy Provisions for Specific Jurisdictions
15.1. Additional Information for California Residents
15.2. For Residents of Canada.
15.3. For Residents of the European Union (EU), United Kingdom (UK) and Switzerland
15.4. For Residents of Australia
15.5. For Residents of Brazil
Section 16. How to Contact Us
Quizizz Guiding Privacy Principles
Respecting your privacy and the security of your personal information and data is critically important to achieving our mission of motivating every student. These are our guiding privacy principles:
We don’t ask you for personal information unless we truly need
We don’t keep your personal data, personal information or personally identifiable information longer than needed to make Quizizz products work for you
We don’t share your personal information with anyone except to comply with the law or as needed to provide our services.
We don’t rent, sell or exchange your personal information.
We make it simple for you to control what is (a) visible to the public, (b) kept private, (c) seen by any third-party search engines, browsers, platforms, websites, apps, or processors, and (d) permanently deleted.
General Privacy Policy Information
This
Privacy Policy and Privacy Notice
(referred to herein as “
Privacy Policy”
) applies to users of the
Quizizz platform
and describes how Quizizz collects, uses, shares, stores, and protects your personally identifiable information and how you can access, update, delete, limit, and otherwise halt the use of this information.
The
Quizizz platform
includes its website, quizzes, lessons, practice tests, instructional tools, educational content, integrations, and related products and services—such as Voyage Math™, Quizizz for Work™, Quizizz AI™ and user support (collectively referred to as the "Services") are hosted by Quizizz Inc. ("
Quizizz
").
Quizizz offers you choices regarding the collection, use, and sharing of your personal information, including the option to use Quizizz services without providing personal information. More details and answers to some frequently asked questions can be found in our
Quizizz Privacy Center
.
By using Quizizz products services, you consent to the terms described in this Privacy Policy.
Your use of the Quizizz services, website, and applications constitutes your acceptance of the terms of this Privacy Policy and Notice, and your consent to Quizizz handling your personal data and information under these terms.
Quizizz
strives to support as many people as possible, including those with disabilities. If a screen reader makes this policy more accessible to you, we recommend the following browser and screen reader combinations: Chrome and ChromeVox, Safari and VoiceOver (for Mac users), and Firefox and NVDA (for Windows users).
‍
Section 1. Protecting Students and their Personal Information.
Quizizz believes the personally identifiable information of children and students deserves special protections. Quizizz complies with relevant laws and regulations in all of the areas we operate:
in the U.S, the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”), the general consumer data privacy and student advertising limitation laws of US states, and
in Canada, the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (“PIPEDA”) and other relevant federal and provincial laws, (see 15.2 below)
in the EU, the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) and country, state and province regulations for all countries with Quizizz users.
In the U.S, we also assist schools in meeting their obligations pursuant to the Family Educational Rights Privacy Act (“FERPA”). Quizizz also recognizes that information that crosses borders may be subject to the laws of multiple countries or jurisdictions.
‍
In the following sections, we detail Parental Rights and Consents, which are also a component of our protections of children' s personal information.
These  are some examples of safety and privacy measures on Quizizz:
Quizizz offers a limited feature set and website experience for young users of Quizizz.
We do not require students to submit their name or contact information, nor do we require them to create accounts.
When a student indicates that they are under the age when they can grant consent on their own, Quizizz does not collect personal information as defined under COPPA and may take additional steps to safeguard student privacy as required by law.
Except as described in this privacy policy, Quizizz does not accumulate personal information about any child for distribution, sharing, or selling.
Students do not receive behaviorally targeted advertising.
Students can join games without creating an account.
The platform does not facilitate direct messaging between students.
Activities are subject to proactive content filters and reactive reporting tools.
Section 2. Parental Rights and Consents.
Quizizz empowers parents and legal guardians of children younger than the age of consent
(in the U.S., this means under 13), who have registered accounts with Quizizz, to exercise their legal rights pursuant to legislation, such as US federal statute COPPA.
Parents/guardians can consent to collection and use by Quizizz of a child's personally identifiable information (“PII”) without consenting to the disclosure of information to third parties by Quizizz.
Currently, the only PII we collect from a child younger than the age of consent in any of the jurisdictions we operate in is their parent's or guardian’s email address. We may also collect a student’s first name, which alone is generally not PII but may be considered personal information in a generic sense.
Quizizz offers consent options to parents regarding the collection and use of PII or other personal information (“PI”) necessary to provide the service without consenting to the use or disclosure of that information to third parties for other purposes (e.g., marketing).
Some additional safeguards that parents may use:
Parents/guardians may delete, modify, and review PI their children shared with Quizizz by accessing their child's account.
Parents may also create a parent account to manage their child’s access to Quizizz.
Parents may also request that Quizizz delete that information and refuse to allow Quizizz to collect further information from their children by deleting their account at
quizizz.com/settings
or otherwise contacting us at
privacy@quizizz.com.
Quizizz may ask additional questions or take other steps to verify the identity of parents/guardians before responding to a request to review or delete their child's information, or a request to refuse further collection from children.
As necessary, Quizizz ensures that there is verifiable parental consent for children younger than the age of consent in any jurisdiction.
Quizizz will never require a child to share more information than is reasonably necessary for using Quizizz. Quizizz uses, discloses and retains personal information only for the purpose of providing the classroom web app/software/service.
While Quizizz will assign persistent identifiers to all Quizizz users to recognize repeat visitors and improve their Quizizz experience, Quizizz does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children younger than the age of consent without a parent or guardian's consent.
If we become aware, despite our intention not to gather this information, that we have collected personally identifiable information from a child younger than the age of consent without permission, then we will seek to obtain verifiable parental consent from the child’s parent or guardian to collect and use that data to provide the child with Quizizz services in the future; or, if consent is not provided, we will delete this information.
Section 3. Information Collected By Quizizz.
‍
3.1. Sensitive Information.
As described above, we limit data collection to what we need to provide the requested services. Quizizz does not collect data considered or defined as sensitive under any relevant country and state laws including COPPA, FERPA, CCPA, and other laws of the US, PIPEDA and related federal and provincial laws in Canada, GDPR, and related laws in the EU, UK, Switzerland, and EEA, and similar laws in Australia, Brazil and other countries in which Quizizz provides its service, such as those related to race or ethnicity, health and biometric information, or political affiliation.
In addition to these categories, we do not collect information on free or reduced lunch eligibility.
3.2 Information You Provide to Quizizz.
Accounts are not a prerequisite to using Quizizz, but accounts are required to access some features and to save progress over time. If you create an account, Quizizz saves the account information you provide. This information may include: an email address, a parent or guardian email address, first name, last name, profile photo, or organization name.
Student profiles and activity within the Quizizz app and service are kept private and cannot be seen or collected by others unless their use of the app/service itself is collaborative and requires this type of sharing.
You may choose not to provide specific information or to delete or modify it at any time. These actions may prevent you from engaging with specific services or features that require this information.
You may be providing additional information to Quizizz if you communicate with our support team, participate in user research, marketing campaigns or sweepstakes, or otherwise use the services.We only collect this type of information from adults and non-students users and we do not permit minors, children or students to participate in user research, marketing campaigns or sweepstakes, or otherwise use the services.
If you engage in a financial transaction with Quizizz, we do not process or store this information beyond the transaction. Financial transactions are processed via a PCI-compliant payment provider and data is not stored by Quizizz.
As you use the service, you may also create academic content including quizzes and certain forms of responses. This information is not typically personally identifying, but it may be deleted at any time either by the relevant account holder or by reaching out to our team at
support@quizizz.com
.
3.3. Information Collected Automatically.
We receive and store some types of information about how users visit our site and the devices they use automatically as you use the service. These may include device information such as device model, operating system, and device identifiers such as IDFA and UDID and network information.
Quizizz does not collect any personal information covertly, i.e., without the user’s knowledge, particularly audio/video information via the user’s own device.
Quizizz also collects log information as you use the service. These data may include information regarding how and when you use the service as well as your browser type, preferred language, time zone, referring site, log-in and log-out times, and internet protocol (IP) address.
We may use your IP address to generate a general approximation of your location to provide the service. Examples include providing the right version of Quizizz based on your state or country and helping teachers select their school when they sign up. Quizizz does not collect fine location data such as GPS or bluetooth beacons.
We use Google Analytics to help us understand how users engage with the service. Google Analytics uses cookies to compile reports that demonstrate how Quizizz is being used without identifying individual visitors. You can opt out of Google Analytics at any time and continue to use Quizizz. To learn more about opting out, click
here
.
Aggregated demographic and activity data may be used for research purposes.
Section 4. Information We Store; Data Retention.
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. We conduct periodic reviews of accounts and may delete accounts that have been inactive for extended periods of time, normally not sooner than one year.
We may retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
You may delete your account or update your information at any time by visiting
www.quizizz.com/settings
.
Section 5. Information Shared with Third Parties.
As described in this policy, Quizizz only shares your personal information when it is necessary to offer the service, comply with law, or with your permission.
5.1. Third-Party Services that May Process Your Quizizz Personal Data.
In order to provide and improve Quizizz, a limited number of third-party services require access to your personal information. For example, your account data are saved in a data center so that you can log in from any device. Third-party services are contractually prohibited from using your information except to provide the service.
A link to the table of the identity and type of our third party service providers
, the purposes for which we use them and how they use and process personal data on our behalf can be found
here
.
5.2. Third Party Cloud Provider: Artificial Intelligence (AI) Platforms.
A topic currently in the news and of particular concern and interest to Parents and Users is how Quizizz uses Artificial Intelligence (AI) platforms.
Quizizz does NOT use AI platforms or sites for any personal data of our website visitors or users, and we do not transmit any personal data in connection with those uses.
The data referred to for AI purposes is educational materials produced by our users and transmitted in the form of “data” that allows the AI models to generate additional content.
Quizizz uses third party AI platforms to help build its users’ quizzes and other educational materials more quickly and with broader scope of research than was previously available. Quizizz products can now integrate with some of the major providers of public generative AI services, such as OpenAI,  Anthropic or others. Quizizz has set up associated APIs and features (“AI Tools”) with some of these providers.
These are the main guidelines under which Quizizz employs AI integrations.
Use of AI Tools.
We allow our Users to create with AI tools to expand the scope of Quizizz products and services and enhance their User experience.
AI Tools may give our users the ability to more quickly generate questions, lesson plans, quizzes, assessments and other educational materials, assist in creating communications to other educators and parents, and assist in planning, presentations and expanded uses of Quizizz products.
All information provided to these AI providers is securely transmitted, stored in the US, and encrypted.
No Data Sharing or Use for Training AI.
Information uploaded by Quizizz users is only used to create educational materials and enhance our services.
Results of our AI Tools are only visible to Quizizz users for their own searches, unless our users choose to make the educational materials they create public on the Quizizz platform.
With all of our AI providers, we have disabled their use of any Quizizz user data for training their own large language models (LLMs), and our AI providers do not use our data to train their LLMs.
Opt-in Feature and User Rights.
The use of AI Tools is a Quizizz default feature, which means AI Tools may be automatically integrated into any or all of our products and services to enhance the user experience and creation of educational materials.
If any Quizizz user wishes to opt-out of the AI tools feature, the User may opt-out by choosing not to use any of our AI tools, which are clearly labeled as such.
Data Collection, Processing and Security.
We maintain industry-standard security protocols to ensure the security and confidentiality of the data collected by AI tools we employ for expanding the scope of our products and services.
Our security practices are governed by applicable data privacy laws, and we obtain annual certifications, such as ISO 27001, to demonstrate our commitment to robust security measures.
The data collected and processed by AI tools is educational data for use in allowing AI tools to expand the scope and functionality of our products and servers and to allow our users to generate content more easily and quickly using AI in an assistant function.
5.3. Third Party Cloud Provider: Amazon Web Services.
Quizizz utilizes the services and infrastructure of outside parties to host its data. Quizizz holds those providers to a standard at least as protective of student data as the measures outlined in this policy. Our main cloud provider, Amazon Web Services (AWS), is the largest data hosting company and has leading practices in security standards and personnel in place to constantly monitor this area. A link to
AWS’s Privacy Center
can be found
here
.
5.4. Third Party Cloud Provider: Google and YouTube API Services
Google application programming interface (“API”) Services, including Google Sign-In, are part of an authentication and authorization framework that gives Quizizz, the ability to connect directly with Google users by requesting access to Google user data. The
Google APIs Terms of Service
govern the use of Google API Services when Quizizz requests access to Google user data.
Quizizz commits to adhere to the Google API Services User Data Policy, including its Limited Use requirements, for any data received from Google APIs. For more details, visit Google APIs Terms of Service, Google API Services User Data Policy. Please check back from time to time as these policies are occasionally updated.
Quizizz may collect information from partners and integrated technologies. For example, if you choose to use Google Login or join using the Google Classroom integration, we may receive information including your name and email address from Google. Quizizz does not have access to the passwords used to log into your Google accounts. Quizizz confirms that Google Workspace APIs are not used to develop, improve, or train generalized AI and/or ML models.
‍
Quizizz also uses API Services of Google’s affiliated company, Youtube. Quizizz further commits to adhere to the
YouTube Terms of Service
and to
YouTube’s Developer Policies
. YouTube’s privacy practices govern the collection, use, and storage of user information by the YouTube API. By using Quizizz services, you acknowledge and agree to
YouTube’s Terms of Service
. When an individual or user makes use of or accesses YouTube (whether through the YouTube API Services or otherwise), any use or access is governed by YouTube’s Terms of Service and Google Privacy Policy. Quizizz YouTube integrations use data and have access to information necessary for completing the project using YouTube.
As the provider of YouTube API, Google’s privacy practices also govern the collection, use, and storage of user information by the YouTube API. By using Quizizz services, you further acknowledge and agree to the
Google Privacy Policy
.
5.5. Opt-Out Option.
In order to use Quizizz services, you may opt out of any information transfer that is not strictly necessary to run the service, such as our data hosting cloud provider. However, all of our third-party providers adhere to strict data security standards. Generally, if any of our non-foundational suppliers are changed, you will not be notified. However, in the event of a change that has a material impact on how your data is shared, we will notify you by the same type of login notice detailed later in this policy, under the section on changes to the policy.
You have the right to delete, access, update, correct errors in, and export for transfer any of your personal information. Quizizz makes these data subject rights available to you regardless of which country or US state you reside in. Please see further detail below in section 11.2.
5.6. Information from Other Third-Party Sources.
Depending on how you use the service, we may also receive your personal information from another user, with a Quizizz educational account, under the Quizizz terms and conditions. For example, a teacher might input your email in order to share a quiz or parent report.
If a teacher chooses to enter student information directly into Quizizz or requires students to sign up via the Google Classroom Integration, Classes on Quizizz, or a similar rostering functionality, teachers and schools are requested to get parental consent before using Quizizz with children who are under the age when they can grant consent on their own. A link to a usable template permission slip is available
here
.
Content on Quizizz may contain links to other websites not affiliated with the service. While we review the privacy and security practices of third-party companies who assist us in providing you with our site and services, we are not responsible for the privacy practices of other websites and users need to be aware of the data privacy practices of such sites should they choose to use these links.
5.7. Other Third-Party Details.
Third-party services that transfer the personal information of EU residents are contractually bound to comply with GDPR. GDPR-specific information can be found in this Privacy Policy and Notice in Section 15 below.
Quizizz may need to disclose your information to a third party to comply with the law or a valid legal request. In such cases, we will let you know in advance, unless we are legally prohibited from doing so.
If Quizizz (or substantially all of its assets) are acquired by another company, personal information will be transferred to a new owner. In such a transfer, you will be notified and the new owner may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Section 6. How Quizizz Collects Minimum Necessary Personal Information.
Quizizz collects only the personal information required to operate its classroom web apps, software and services. It does not access browser history, contact lists, search terms, preferences, device identification, location, etc. unless directly related to providing the service.
Quizizz does not condition a child's participation in a game, the offering of a prize, or ability to participate in any other activity on the child disclosing more personal information than is reasonably necessary to participate in such activity.
The information that Quizizz collects depends on the nature of the services you request. For example, fewer data are collected from a student joining a game without an account than from a teacher who creates an account in order to create quizzes and host games. Educators using Quizizz may create generic accounts or profiles for children using as little personal information as possible.
All interactions with the Quizizz website or app produce metadata that may identify you or could be identifiable information when paired with other information about you. In every case, Quizizz strives to collect only the minimum necessary information from you as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with Quizizz or that is required by law. Visitors to the Quizizz website or app may always refuse to supply personally identifying information, however, doing so may prevent you from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Section 7. How Quizizz Uses this Information.
7.1. We Limit All Disclosures.
Quizizz uses the data we collect about you to operate, maintain, quality control, improve and develop and enhance the services we provide, secure information, develop new services, and protect our users and the company from security breaches or other unauthorized disclosures or uses.
Quizizz limits its disclosure of both information that could on its own or in combination with other information be used to identify you. We only disclose that information in order to (i) process it on Quizizz's behalf or to provide services available at Quizizz's website and mobile applications; and, (ii) with third party providers who agree not to disclose that information to others.
7.2. Consent to Customer Reference and Identification as a Customer.
Notwithstanding the above limits on disclosures, by using the Quizizz platform, services and/or educational or other products, you agree that, (a) if you are a paid account or business user, (b) a corporation or other business, school, school district or agency or other company, or (c ) an individual acting on behalf of one of the above entities, then (i) Quizizz may identify you as a customer and user of Quizizz services, and (ii) use your logo in sales presentations, marketing materials and press releases. Unless stated otherwise in a customer order, you agree to grant Quizizz a revocable limited license to use your organization’s name and logo solely to identify you as a customer of Quizizz, on Quizizz’s website, in marketing materials, presentations, or substantially similar formats. Quizizz will not identify any child or student as an individual user for any of these purposes.
7.3. We Don’t Sell Any Personal Information or Data.
Quizizz does not rent, sell or exchange any data, including but not limited to, personally identifying information or potentially personally identifying information to any third party.
Other than to Quizizz’s employees, contractors, and affiliated organizations, as described above, Quizizz discloses potentially personally identifying information only when required to do so by law such as to comply with a court order, or when Quizizz believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property, or legal rights or safety of Quizizz, third parties or the public at large.
Quizizz does not benefit or profit from students’ or users’ personal information.
Quizizz does not profile children for marketing purposes or in ways that lead to unfair, unethical or discriminatory treatment.
We do not monetize bid-stream data or audience data originating from child-directed or child-user content or traffic.
We do not repurpose student data or use it for research without express consent, and only if and unless authorized by statute or all data anonymized.
We securely destroy or make anonymous in a timely manner all personal information that is no longer required to provide the app/software/ service and they must explicitly identify retention timelines.
‍
The information we collect helps us to provide the service, maintain a consistent experience, and improve it or develop new services. Examples of how this information is used include:
Providing access to your account and saving progress over time.
Personalizing your experience based on factors such as general location, preferred language and areas of study.
Helping teachers identify and support individual students.
Analyzing engagement with specific features over time.
‍
We also use personal information to enforce our policies, comply with the law, and promote safety on the platform. These efforts protect the property, or legal rights or safety of Quizizz, third parties or the public at large. Examples of these efforts include:
Preventing security breaches and fraud.
Protecting users from inappropriate content.
Verifying the identity of a user
Complying with privacy legislation.
‍
Quizizz may aggregate statistics about the behavior of visitors to our website and app to improve our services. For instance, Quizizz may monitor the most popular quizzes on the Quizizz site. Quizizz may display this information publicly or provide it to others.
7.4. Communicating with You; Updates.
If you are a registered Quizizz user, Quizizz may occasionally send you communications via email (if provided) or push notification (for mobile app users) to tell you about new features, get your feedback, and to keep you up to date with what's going on with Quizizz and our products.
By registering to use our service you consent to the receipt of these communications, including text communications. You may choose to participate in sweepstakes and promotions which may have additional terms and conditions.
You may choose to stop receiving such communications by unsubscribing from emails and by disabling push notifications.
If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users.
We use
de-identified
queries and answers to build our knowledge base for users and to improve our products. We will not identify you in any posting or publication of your request. We will only engage in these activities where we have a legitimate interest, such as those stated above, and for de-identified data only, or with your consent.
Section 8. Advertising and Marketing.
Quizizz complies with all applicable laws and regulations regarding advertising, and specifically advertising on sites designed for and used by children. Quizizz does not allow or run personalized ads in its platform, make use of any third party trackers, or otherwise attempt to collect personal information from minors or on content sets as made for children.
Quizizz does not allow or display any third party advertising or marketing on its website or within our services.
Quizizz does not market third-party products or services to any of their users.
Quizizz may, from time to time, promote or publicize updates and extensions to the services it provides, and/or inform its users of new features or other information about the services. This is restricted only to Quizizz’s own services and not the services or products of any third party.
Quizizz does not permit any paid ads that incite children to purchase a product or service or urge parents or others to buy the item.
Quizizz does not permit any paid ads that incite parents or others to purchase a third-party product or service.
Section 9. Changes to Privacy Policy and Notice.
Quizizz reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy and Notice at any time, so please review it frequently. The most recent date of the policy, as set forth above, will show the date of the latest revisions.
We can also provide our most recent previous version of our Privacy Policy and Notice upon request by emailing privacy@quizizz.com.
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy, so it is always in compliance with the current legal requirements and/or with industry groups standards or best practices, to more accurately reflect how data is processed through Quizizz specific systems, or to implement changes to services in the Privacy Policy, e.g., when introducing new services.
In this case, your future visits to our website will be subject to the updated Privacy Policy.
If we make a material change to our practices regarding your personally identifiable information, or publish an updated policy that has significant content changes, we will notify, by email or other publicly available notice on our website before the change becomes effective.
Notice on our website means that after a material Privacy Policy update, you may not be able to access the Quizizz website or services without reviewing the updated information as it appears on your home screen upon login.
If you disagree with these changes, you may terminate and/or delete your account at any time and/or stop utilizing Quizizz or its services.
Your continued use of the Quizizz services, website and applications constitutes your acceptance of any changes to this Privacy Policy.
Section 10. Openness and Transparency.
Quizizz makes every effort to communicate privacy notices, terms of use, contracts etc., in clear, specific and unambiguous language that explains to users how their personal information is being used, processed, disclosed and retained by the provider and any third parties. In the event that any of our policies are unclear, please reach out to us to clarify and update.
Section 11. Managing Your Personal Information and Data.
11.1. Data Subject Rights
You have the right to delete, access, update, correct errors in, and export for transfer any of your personal information. Quizizz makes these data subject rights available to you regardless of which country or US state you reside in.
11.2.Managing Subsequent Use and Disclosure of Personal Information.
As explained throughout this Privacy Policy, you have the ability to control the use of your personal information by Quizizz. If you wish to prevent Quizizz from using your information in any way whatsoever, you always retain your right to delete your account at any time. With the exceptions explained below for information you shared with other Quizizz users, this allows you to eliminate any subsequent use and disclosure of your personal information.
If your personally identifiable information changes, or if you no longer want to use Quizizz, you may review, edit, or delete it by visiting Quizizz’ Settings page, found at
https://www.quizizz.com/settings
.
Parents may remove, delete or update an account or any information concerning their child that is posted on Quizizz by visiting their child’s settings page, working with their child’s teacher, or by contacting us at
support@quizizz.com
.
You have the right to erasure of your data, including metadata inferences, assessments and profiles (if not required for administrative purposes by the provider or the school board) and Quizizz does not charge a fee for this service.
Users are not required to surrender any copyrights to their own work if they post it to the Quizizz application or site. However, users grant a license for Quizizz to copy, use and distribute these works.
Users own their own personal information, data and created content. Users grant Quizizz a limited license to use the above for purposes set forth in this policy, including but not limited to, all uses related to providing the Quizizz product and services to students, educators and other users.
Certain activity on Quizizz may be displayed to other users, such as commentary on quiz content, blog posts, support articles, feedback forums or our blog, or the information on your Quizizz Profile and quizzes that you have made public. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. You may delete this information or change sharing settings directly. If you are unable to do this or need help, please contact our team at
support@quizizz.com.
Section 12. Data Security.
12.1. Standards.
Quizizz follows generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it.
Our security measures include the use of access-controlled data centers hosted in the United States, encryption of all data in transit, and the encryption of user password data both in transit and at rest. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, however, is 100% secure.
Quizizz reviews its Data Security regularly as part of its comprehensive security program in place that is reasonably designed to protect the security, privacy, confidentiality, and integrity of students’ and educators personal information against risks, (such as, unauthorized access or use, unintended or inappropriate disclosure) through administrative, technological, and/or physical safeguards appropriate to the sensitivity of the information, as detailed within this policy.
Quizizz’s security program includes, but is not limited to, the following elements:  enforcement of strong password protection, multifactor authentication, and full encryption of sensitive or confidential information.
Quizizz uses some outside parties to host its data and holds those providers to a standard at least as protective of student data as the measures outlined in this policy. Our main cloud provider, Amazon Web Services (AWS), is the largest data hosting company and has leading practices in security standards and personnel to constantly monitor this area.
A link to AWS Privacy Center can be found here.
A link to Quizizz’s Privacy Center can be found here
.
12.2. Breach Protocol.
Quizizz has a detailed data breach protocol and checklist prepared in the event of breach. Our actions upon identifying a breach will include notifying affected individuals as soon as reasonably possible after discovering a security that poses a real risk of significant harm, or if the breach affects or may affect your data. We will provide details of the breach or potential breach and mitigation measures we are taking.
In the event of a security breach, we will notify affected account holders within the amount of time required by law so that you can take steps to keep your data safe.
12.3. Questions About Security Practices.
If you have any questions about Quizizz security practices, you can contact us at privacy@quizizz.com. Quizizz reserves the right not to disclose our policies, procedures and the technologies and methods we employ to advance the security of your data to safeguard our practices.
Section 13. Cookies and Web Beacons.
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. We use cookies to test new features and to help Quizizz identify and track visitors, their usage of the Quizizz website, and their website access preferences. Quizizz visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies, but some of the Quizizz website’s features may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
To learn more about “How Websites and Apps Collect and Use Your Information” including controlling cookies, please visit this
link
. You may also learn more about controlling flash cookies
here
.
Section 14. Compliance With Laws. Policy Incorporates by Reference.
Quizizz complies with all applicable country, state and other applicable privacy laws in the places in which it provides its services. This includes but is not limited to the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA), state laws including but not limited to the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), which has been updated by the California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA), Virginia (VCDPA), Colorado (ColoPA) and other applicable federal and state laws in the United States; the European Union’s GDPR and related laws in non-European Union jurisdictions in which we do business (Switzerland and UK), Australia, Canada, Brazil and other applicable national laws and regulations.
Each of these sets of regulations and standards is hereby incorporated by reference with respect to any mandatory compliance elements. To see more on Quizizz compliance with specific state requirements, click
here
.
This Quizizz Privacy Notice and Policy is deemed and shall be read and construed to include all mandatory elements of these laws and regulations, and any conflict between this Notice and Policy and mandatory elements of any applicable regulations shall be read in favor of those laws and regulations.
Section 15. Additional Policy Provisions for Specific Jurisdictions
The additional provisions in this section will generally apply as additional privacy protections for all users, even if not in the jurisdiction noted. However, in other jurisdictions these may be optional.
15.1. Additional Information for California Residents
If you reside in California you are entitled to exercise certain rights outlined in the California Consumer Protection Act (CCPA).
You may delete your account or update your information at any time by visiting
www.quizizz.com/settings
.
You may request access to the personal information we’ve collected by emailing our team at privacy@quizizz.com. Quizizz will not discriminate against you for exercising these rights.
15.2. For Residents of Canada
Quizizz Inc. is a U.S. company and the service is hosted in the United States. The information we collect is hosted on servers located in the United States. By using Quizizz, you consent to the collection, storage, transfer and processing of your personal information in the United States, as set forth in this Privacy Notice and Policy.
Quizizz is committed to ongoing compliance with all applicable Canadian federal and provincial privacy laws and regulations with respect to any data provided by its users in Canada, including but not limited to The Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA), as amended, and related provincial laws. British Columbia, Alberta and Quebec have enacted private sector privacy laws deemed “substantially similar” to PIPEDA, to which Quizizz adheres if applicable. Quizizz also adheres to the laws regarding collection, use and storage of personally identifying data in Ontario, New Brunswick, Nova Scotia and Newfoundland and Labrador. Quizizz is cognizant that PIPEDA generally applies to personal information held by private sector organizations that are not federally-regulated, and conduct business in Manitoba, New Brunswick, Newfoundland and Labrador, Northwest Territories, Nova Scotia, Nunavut, Ontario, Prince Edward Island, Saskatchewan, Yukon, or other federally regulated organizations.
In Canada, our quizzes, educational materials and services, in many cases, are provided by agreements with partnering local education agencies, schools or district school boards, for the benefit of their authorized students. Quizizz provides access to our products and services to their authorized students, parents, teachers, and school administrators. Under these agreements, Quizizz may be acting as a service provider to the educational institutions or districts as it relates to collection, use and disclosure of users’ PI.
In this role, Quizizz has also entered into Data Protection Agreements (or DPAs) with institutions and school districts in Canada that require specific and heightened responsibilities for Quizizz related to the collection, use, handling and storage of personal information. In addition to Quizizz’s legal requirements under Canadian laws, these agreements also mandate Quizizz’s compliance with some or all of these statutes: Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act (FIPPA), which applies to the provincial government of Ontario, universities, colleges, hospitals and designated agencies; Municipal Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act (MFIPPA), which is the local government equivalent of FIPPA and covers municipal institutions such as municipalities, cities, towns, school boards, and other local government entities; Personal Health Information Protection Act (PHIPA), which provides rules specific to personal health information in the custody of health information custodians.
A number of these DPAs also mandate compliance with a Board’s guidelines for use of Artificial Intelligence and Generative Artificial Intelligence, for which Quizizz has put specific compliance measures in place, including but not limited to (a) limiting the use of AI tools as a Quizizz default feature for teachers and admins only, (b) not sharing results obtained from AI tools with any third parties, (c ) disabling the use of data by AI providers for their own language model training, so that Quizizz information uploaded is not used for any other purpose, (d) entering into specific contract provisions with our AI providers for “zero data retention” beyond the retention necessary for use of the AI tools, and most significantly (e) not uploading personal information to our AI providers. Quizizz does not use any AI tools to collect, process or retain user data for our own internal business purposes.
Quizizz acknowledges and agrees and adheres to the overarching guideline that any collection, use or disclosure of personal information must only be for purposes that a reasonable person would consider appropriate in the circumstances, as defined under PIPEDA, or other relevant provincial or federal laws.
Quizizz ascribes and adheres to PIPEDA’s 10 fair information principles for the access to, collection, use and disclosure of personal information:
Principle 1 - Accountability
. An organization is responsible for personal information under its control. It must appoint someone to be accountable for its compliance with these fair information principles.
To meet this principle, Quizizz has designated an individual, who with assistance from the organization and its legal team, is responsible for the personal information that Quizzz controls and to be accountable for compliance with PIPEDA.
Quizizz has developed a privacy management program and relevant privacy policies, of which this policy is a component. These are reviewed and updated at regular intervals to ensure ongoing compliance. Quizizz staff members are trained to understand how their role intersects with the organization’s privacy requirements.
We have also educated Quizizz personnel about our Privacy Policy and their role in protecting the personal information of our users.
Principle 2 - Identifying Purposes
. The purposes for which the personal information is being collected must be identified by the organization before or at the time of collection.
Quizizz uses tools such as pop up consents to accomplish this principle and principle 3.
Quizizz may also collect, use or disclose our users’ personal information for user relationship development which may include (i) developing and maintaining and generate insights into our relationship with you and our ability to deliver high quality educational materials, (ii) conducting research to develop, evaluate, and improve our products and services, and (iii) communicating with you products, services, offers, news and information updates or invitations by Quizizz that may be of interest to you.
You can withdraw your consent to the use and disclosure of your personal information for marketing purposes by contacting us at the contact information below in Section 16.
Principle 3 - Consent
. The knowledge and consent of the individual are required for the collection, use, or disclosure of personal information, except where inappropriate.
Principle 4 - Limiting Collection
. The collection of personal information must be limited to that which is needed for the purposes identified by the organization. Information must be collected by fair and lawful means.
Quizizz uses personal identifying information or PI only for purposes necessary for users to be able to access and use its products and services and informs users of such limits.
Principle 5 - Limiting Use, Disclosure, and Retentio
n. Unless the individual consents otherwise or it is required by law, personal information can only be used or disclosed for the purposes for which it was collected. Personal information must only be kept as long as required to serve those purposes.
Quizizz provides users with clear options to limit use of their personal information and retains personal information only as long as users are active on Quizizz platforms.
Principle 6 - Accuracy
. Personal information must be as accurate, complete, and up-to-date as possible in order to properly satisfy the purposes for which it is to be used.
Quizizz has developed policies to keep the information updated to minimize the risk of inaccurate personal information being processed and monitors their effectiveness to comply with this principle and Principle 7.
Principle 7 - Safeguards
. Personal information must be protected by appropriate security relative to the sensitivity of the information.
Principle 8 - Openness
. An organization must make detailed information about its policies and practices relating to the management of personal information publicly and readily available.
Quizizz believes its policies are easy to access and to understand. Our policies do not use complex legal language and are written for non-technical readers who use our products and services. Quizizz has written all of its instructions and notices in clear and simple language to allow its users to make informed decisions on whether or not to provide consent.
Our public policies are accessible in multiple formats
[We also have specific policies on-line for the public for information relating to children and to website visitors who do not become registered users of Quizizz
] and our policies and notices inform the individual of how their information is used or disclosed, information detailing who is responsible for privacy, and details for how individuals can make a complaint.
Principle 9 - Individual Access
. Upon request, an individual must be informed of the existence, use, and disclosure of their personal information and be given access to that information. An individual shall be able to challenge the accuracy and completeness of the information and have it amended as appropriate.
Quizizz complies with this principle and all access is provided free of charge.
Principle 10 - Challenging Compliance
. An individual shall be able to challenge an organization’s compliance with the above principles. Their challenge should be addressed to the person accountable for the organization’s compliance with PIPEDA, usually their Chief Privacy Officer.
Quizizz provides information on how to challenge our compliance and we have a process ready to handle any complaints.
Quizizz will respond to your complaints and questions relating to privacy. We will investigate and attempt to resolve all complaints.
Canadian users with any privacy concerns or questions may contact Quizizz at the contact information in Section 16 below.
15.3. For Residents of the European Union (EU), United Kingdom (UK) and Switzerland
Quizizz Inc. is a U.S. company and the service is hosted in the United States. The information we collect is hosted on servers located in the United States. By using Quizizz, you consent to the transfer and processing of your personal information in the United States.
Quizizz shall ensure that the transfer is based on standard contractual clauses (“SCCs”) in the form currently approved by the European Commission.
Quizizz is committed to ongoing compliance with the “EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles” and the “Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Principles” (as applicable) regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from EU member countries, UK and Switzerland transferred to the United States pursuant to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (
EU-U.S. DPF
) and, as applicable the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF (
UK DPF
), and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (
Swiss-U.S. DPF
) .
Quizizz is committed to compliance with all applicable privacy laws and regulations of the EU, UK and Switzerland, primarily outlined in the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
GDPR is a regulation in EU law on data protection and privacy in the European Union (EU) and the European Economic Area (EEA); Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC (General Data Protection Regulation).
Quizizz is also cognizant of and committed to upholding the UK variations from or amendments to EU regulations on data privacy and security. The Data Protection Act 2018 (DPA 2018) is, in essence, the UK's implementation of the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). All references herein to compliance with the EU GDPR principles and requirements shall apply equally with respect to Quizizz compliance with UK DPA 2018.
Quizizz is committed to the principles and rights for Data Subjects detailed in the GDPR with respect to Processing of Personal Data, including but not limited to:
Right of Access
. Right to obtain confirmation of which of your Personal Data is processed and information about it, for instance, which are the purposes of the Processing, what are the conservation periods, among others.
Right of Rectification
. Right to request modification of your Personal Data that is inaccurate or incomplete Personal Data, such as the address, VAT, email, telephone contacts, or others.
Right to Erasure or "Right to Be Forgotten”
. Right to erase your Personal Data, provided that there are no valid grounds for its retention, for example in cases where we have to keep the Personal Data to comply with legal obligation or because a court case is in progress.
Right to Data Portability
. Right to receive the Personal Data you have provided us in a digital format of current use and automatic reading or to request, if technically possible, the direct transmission of your Personal Data to another entity that becomes the new entity responsible for your Personal Data.
Right to Withdraw Consent or Right of Opposition
. Right to object or withdraw consent at any time to Processing, for example in the case of Processing for marketing purposes, provided that no legitimate interests exist prevailing over your interests, rights and freedoms, such as defending a right in a judicial process.
Right of Limitation or Right to Restriction of Processing
. Right to request the limitation of the Processing of your Personal Data, in the form of: (i) suspension of Processing or (ii) limitation of the scope of Processing to certain categories of Personal Data or purposes of Processing.
Right to Object and Automated Individual Decision-making -
When the Processing of Personal Data, including the Processing for the definition of profiles, is exclusively automatic (without human intervention) and may have effects in your legal sphere or significantly affect it, the User shall have the right not to remain subject to any decision based on such automatic Processing, except as otherwise provided by law.Further, the right to take appropriate measures to safeguard rights and freedoms and legitimate interests, including the right to have human intervention in decision making by us, the right to express a point of view or contest the decision taken on the basis of automated individual information processing.
Right to complain
. Right to complain to the supervisory authority, in addition to us. The exercise of rights is free of charge, except in the case of a manifestly unfounded or excessive request, in which case a reasonable fee may be charged regarding its costs. The information must be provided in writing but may be given orally if requested. In this case, we should verify your identity by means other than oral. The response to requests should be provided within a maximum of 30 days, unless it is a particularly complex request.
‍
Definitions of some of the key terms specific to these areas and used in this Section are set forth below.
“Consent of the Data Subject”
means any freely given, specific, informed and unambiguous indication of the Data Subject's wishes by which he or she, by a statement or by a clear affirmative action, signifies agreement to the Processing of Personal Data relating to him or her.
“Controller”
means the natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the Processing of Personal Data; where the purposes and means of such Processing are determined by Union or Member State law, the Controller or the specific criteria for its nomination may be provided for by Union or Member State law.
“Data Subject”
refers to an identifiable natural person who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person. A Data Subject is any natural person whose Personal Data is being collected, held or processed. Examples of a Data Subject are an individual user, a customer, a prospect, an employee, a contact person, or other persons providing personal data.
“Data Subject Request (DSR)”
means a formal request by a Data Subject to a Controller to take an action on his or her Personal Data.
“Personal Data”
means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person.
“Processing”
means any operation or set of operations which is performed on Personal Data, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording, organization, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction.
“Processor”
means a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body who or which processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller.
“Recipient”
means a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or another body, to which the Personal Data are disclosed, whether a third party or not. However, public authorities which may receive personal data in the framework of a particular inquiry in accordance with Union or Member State law shall not be regarded as Recipients. The Processing of those Personal Data by those public authorities shall be in compliance with the applicable data protection rules according to the purposes of the Processing.
Quizizz complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF (UK DPF), and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Quizizz has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Quizizz has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.
Quizizz has certified that it complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles, and, as applicable, the UK Extension and any UK specific modifications to the EU-U.S. DPF Principles as well as the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Principles, as applicable, with respect to such data.
If there is any conflict between the policies in this Privacy Policy and Data Subject rights under the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles, and, as applicable the UK Extension and any UK specific modifications to the EU-U.S. DPF Principles,or to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Principles, as applicable, then the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles, and, as applicable the UK DPF Extension and any UK specific modifications to the EU-U.S. DPF Principles as well as the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles, as applicable shall govern.
If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit Data privacy framework website.To learn more about the Data Privacy Frameworks, and to view our certification page, please visit
Data Privacy Framework website
.
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK DPF,  and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Quizizz is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC). We may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities.
Our accountability for personal data received in the United States under the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF and subsequently transferred to a third party is described in the Principles set forth above. Under the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Quizizz remains liable for the transfer of personal data to third parties acting as our agents unless we can prove we were not a party to the events giving rise to the damages.
Details about how Quizizz shares information with third parties can be found in
Section 5
above.
A link to the table of the identity and type of our third party service providers
, the purposes for which we use them and how they use and process personal data on our behalf can be found
here
.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, UK DPF, and Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, Quizizz commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information transferred to the United States pursuant to those principles. EU, UK and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints should first contact Quizizz by email at privacy@quizizz.com.
Quizizz has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the EU-U.S. DPF, UK DPF, and Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism. If you have unresolved privacy or data use concerns that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider, free of charge, using the information provided at
https://www.jamsadr.com/dpf-dispute-resolution
. This service is provided free of charge to you.
If your privacy concerns or complaints cannot be resolved through the above channels, under certain conditions, you may invoke binding arbitration for some residual claims not resolved by other redress mechanisms.
If you are located in the European Union, UK, Switzerland or the EEA, you have a right to lodge complaints about the data processing activities carried about by Quizizz. Our lead supervisory authority is the Austrian Data Protection Authority. You can find their contact details
here
.
We appointed GDPR-Rep.eu as representative according to Art 27. GDPRhttps://prighter.com/verify/13361347 .
Our certificate of representation may be viewed at
https://prighter.com/q/13361347
.
If you want to make use of your GDPR data privacy rights, please visit:
https://gdpr-rep.eu/q/13361347
.
Contact information for our GDPR representative::
GDPR-Rep.eu at PrighterGDPR-Rep by
Maetzler Rechtsanwalts GmbH & Co KG
Attorneys at Law
c/o Quizizz Inc.,
Schellinggasse 3/10, 1010 Vienna, Austria.
Please add the following subject to all correspondence:
GDPR-REP ID: 13361347.
Contact Information for UK Residents
Prighter Ltd (UK)
Attorneys at Law
c/o Quizizz Inc.,
20 Mortlake Mortlake High Street
London SW14 8JN
UNITED KINGDOM
Please add the following subject to all correspondence:
GDPR-REP ID: 13361347.
Quizizz has designated a GDPR Data Controller and GDPR Processor, as defined above, and uses industry standard compliance, directly and through its third party suppliers.
15.4. For Residents of Australia
APEC Cross-Border Privacy Rules System and APEC Privacy Framework. Quizizz complies with the general principles and specific recommendations in the APEC Privacy Framework. Quizizz is committed to the main APEC privacy principles:
Accountability
Preventing Harm
Notice
Choice
Limitation on Collection
Limited Use of Personal Information
Integrity of Personal Information
Security Safeguards, and
Access and Correction.
‍
The Framework is intended to provide clear guidance and direction to businesses and government entities in APEC economies on common privacy issues and the impact of privacy issues upon the way legitimate business practice and government functions are to be conducted. It does so by highlighting the reasonable privacy expectations of the modern consumer. Businesses and member economies should respect individuals’ privacy interests in a way that is consistent with the Principles outlined in the Framework.
Quizizz is also cognizant of and committed to upholding Australian laws and regulations related to Data Privacy. The Privacy Act details specific rights, including, but not limited to, being told generally what kind of information we are collecting and how we collect it; why your personal information is being collected; that your personal information can only be collected for a lawful purpose, finding out what information we hold about you, the ability to have it corrected if it is incorrect, out of date or incomplete, and advising that your personal information must be stored securely and protected from interference or misuse. We make best effort to adhere to the 13 Privacy Principles contained within the Privacy Act:
Be Transparent
Allow Anonymity
Limit the Collection of Solicited Information
Handle Unsolicited Information With Care
Let Users Know How You are Collecting Their Data
Inform Users How You Use or Share Their Data
Limit the Use of Collected Information for Direct Marketing
Be Intentional When Sharing Information Across Borders
Follow Steps for Using Government Related Identifiers
Only Collect Valid Information
Keep Collected Data Safe
Give Users a Way to Access Their Information
Give Users a Way to Change Their Information
‍
15.5. For Residents of Brazil
Quizizz Inc. is a U.S. company and the service is hosted in the United States. The information we collect is hosted on servers located in the United States. By using Quizizz, you consent to the collection, storage, transfer and processing in the United States, of your personal data (as defined under the laws of Brazil) and as set forth in this Privacy Notice and Policy.
Quizizz is committed to ongoing compliance with all applicable privacy laws and regulations of Brazil regarding data privacy, including but not limited to the Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (LGPD), or General Law for the Protection of Privacy.
Quizizz recognizes the following aspects of LGDP regulations:
Personal data encompasses “information regarding an identified or identifiable natural person.”
Special restrictions for the processing of “sensitive personal data,” which is data that relates to racial or ethnic origin, religious beliefs, political opinion, affiliation to unions or political, philosophical or religious organizations, health information, sexual preference, or genetic and biometric data. Sensitive personal data may only be processed when the data subject specifically and distinctly consents to the specified purposes.
Personal data may be processed without consent for certain specific and limited purposes.
‍
Quizizz is committed to the fundamentals of personal data protection set forth in LGPD
respect for privacy;
informative self-determination;
freedom of expression, information, communication and opinion;
he inviolability of intimacy, honor and image;
economic and technological development and innovation;
free enterprise, free competition and consumer protection; and
human rights, the free development of personality, dignity and the exercise of citizenship by natural persons.
‍
Quizizz further adheres to the LGPD principles that govern data processing activities and set forth fundamental rights granted to all Brazilian data subjects. Under LGPD, processing of personal data activities shall observe good faith and the following principles:
Purpose
: carrying out the processing for legitimate, specific, explicit and informed purposes to the data subject, without the possibility of further treatment incompatible with those purposes;
Adequacy
: compatibility of the processing with the purposes informed to the data subject, according to the processing activity context;
Need
: limitation of the processing activity to the minimum necessary for the accomplishment of its purposes;
Free Access
: guarantee to data subjects free and easy consultation about the form and duration of the processing activity, and completeness of their personal data;
Data Quality
: guarantee to data subjects accuracy, clarity, relevance and updating of the data, according to the need and for the fulfillment of the purpose of its processing;
Transparency
: guarantee to data subjects clear, accurate and easily accessible information about the processing;
Security
: technical and administrative measures capable of protecting personal data from unauthorized access and accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, communication or dissemination;
Prevention:
measures to prevent the occurrence of damage due to the processing of personal data;
Non-discrimination
: the impossibility of carrying out the processing activity for illicit or abusive discriminatory purposes;
Responsibility and Accountability
: effective measures capable of proving observance and compliance with personal data protection rules, including the effectiveness of such measures.
‍
Quizizz specifically highlights within LGPD, its acknowledgement and agreement with Article 14, Personal Data of Children and Adolescents, which requires the following:
The processing of personal data of children and adolescents shall be carried out in their best interest, in accordance with this article and the relevant legislation.
The following sections of Article14 have some references to other sections of LGPD and details omitted for use in this Privacy Notice and Policy:
The processing of personal data of children shall be carried out with the specific and prominent consent given by at least one parent or legal guardian.
In the processing of data … the controllers shall keep public the information on the types of data collected, the form of their use and the procedures for the exercise of the rights referred to in art. 18 of this Law.
Personal data of children may be collected without the consent referred to in § 1 of this article when collection is necessary to contact the parent or legal guardian, used only once and without storage, or for their protection, and in no case may be passed on to a third party without the consent referred to in § 1 of this article.
The controllers shall not condition the participation of the data subject referred to in § 1 of this article in games, internet applications or other activities to the provision of personal information beyond what is strictly necessary for the activity.
The controller shall make all reasonable efforts to verify that the consent referred to in § 1 of this article has been given by the parent responsible, considering the available technologies.
The data processing information referred to in this article shall be provided in a simple, clear and accessible manner, considering the user's physical-motor, perceptive, sensory, intellectual and mental characteristics, using audiovisual resources when appropriate, provide the necessary information to the parent or legal guardian that is appropriate to the child's understanding.
‍
Brazilian users with any privacy concerns or questions may contact Quizizz under the US contact information in Section 16 below.
Section 16. How to Contact Us.
If you have questions or wish to send us comments about this Privacy Policy, please send an email to
privacy@quizizz.com
, or write us at:
Quizizz Inc.
3110 Main St. Building C,
Santa Monica, CA 90405
Attention: Data Privacy
Any additional questions, comments or complaints may be addressed to our Data Protection Officer, Connor Pierson, who may be reached by either of these methods of contact.
English
French
Spanish
German
Italian
Japanese
Polish
Russian
Turkish
Chinese Simplified
Chinese Traditional
Vietnamese
Portuguese, Brazilian
Indonesian
Thai
Azerbaijani
Malay
Tagalog
English
Kazakh
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://quizizz.com/home/privacy-center?lng=en:
Enter code
Log in
Sign up
School & District
Overview
Research & Insights
Integrations
Product
Funding
What's New
Plans
Solutions
Overview
ELA
Math
State Test Prep
Science
Social Studies
Elementary
Use Cases
Overview
Accommodations
New
Interactive Video
New
Quizizz AI
CAASPP Prep
PLCs
STAAR Prep
MTSS
Secondary
Substitutes
SEL
EduProtocols
ELLs and ESOL
World Language
Social Studies
Special Education
Elementary
Science
Math
ELA
ELA
Math
State Test Prep
Science
Elementary
Books
Library
Publisher resources
Elementary
Middle school
High school
For Work
Resources
Overview
Certified Educators
Quizizz University
Blog
Teacher Wish List
Student Teaching
Help Center
Contact Support
Enter code  ••••
School Plan Quote
Log in
Sign up
Elementary
Kindergarten
Math
Science
Social Studies
Social Emotional
Fine Arts
Foreign Language
Reading & Writing
Typing
1st grade
Math
Science
Social Studies
Social Emotional
Fine Arts
Foreign Language
Reading & Writing
Typing
2nd grade
Math
Science
Social Studies
Social Emotional
Fine Arts
Foreign Language
Reading & Writing
Typing
3rd grade
Math
Science
Social Studies
Social Emotional
Fine Arts
Foreign Language
Reading & Writing
Typing
4th grade
Math
Science
Social Studies
Social Emotional
Fine Arts
Foreign Language
Reading & Writing
Typing
5th grade
Math
Science
Social Studies
Social Emotional
Fine Arts
Foreign Language
Reading & Writing
Typing
Middle school
6th grade
Math
Science
Social Studies
Social Emotional
Fine Arts
Foreign Language
Reading & Writing
Typing
7th grade
Math
Science
Social Studies
Social Emotional
Fine Arts
Foreign Language
Reading & Writing
Typing
8th grade
Math
Science
Social Studies
Social Emotional
Fine Arts
Foreign Language
Reading & Writing
Typing
High school
9th grade
Math
Science
Social Studies
English Langauge Arts
10th grade
Math
Science
Social Studies
English Langauge Arts
11th grade
Math
Science
Social Studies
English Langauge Arts
12th grade
Math
Science
Social Studies
English Langauge Arts
Privacy Center
Your privacy, our priority
Learn how we respect your privacy and protect your data
Our commitment
Millions of people around the world use Quizizz to learn. We know that trust is a huge part of every learner’s journey, so we take the trust and privacy of our educators, students, and families seriously every step of the way.
We are committed to transparency and putting you in control of how we use your information, so you can navigate Quizizz with peace of mind.
We are dedicated to this work and guided by three core principles:
Minimal data collection
We don’t ask you for personal information unless we truly need it.
Your data, your control
We aim to make it as simple as possible for you to control what’s visible to the public, seen by search engines, kept private, and permanently deleted.
Time-limited retention
We don’t keep your personal information longer than is necessary to provide our services to you.
Privacy assurance for every user
We understand that privacy is not a one-size-fits-all concept. We have taken numerous precautions to ensure your data is protected and you have a safe learning experience. You can learn more about them here:
Explore Privacy Policy
Teachers & School Leaders
We comply with FERPA and COPPA and will work with your organization to meet relevant
state and regional privacy commitments.
We also support data interoperability with leading authentication and rostering systems to reduce data collection.
Parents and Guardians
We prioritize child data protection. We respect the consent of individuals under 13 and give you the power to control your information for added security and peace of mind.
State and Regional Privacy Agreements
Are you looking for the best next steps to get Quizizz into your classroom?
Whether you're seeking to formalize a data privacy agreement or to better understand how we align with your specific state or district
, we've got you covered.
Learn more
International Compliance and GDPR
While we ensure compliance within the United States, we also make significant efforts to adhere to international regulations. We are committed to complying with GDPR, ensuring that your personal data is processed securely and in accordance with these regulations. Read more about how we comply with GDPR here. To learn more about how we comply with other international regulations like those in Canada, Australia, Brazil, and more,
click here.
ISO 27001 Certification
Quizizz is ISO/IEC 27001:2022 certified.
This certification demonstrates our adherence to international standards for information security management, ensuring that we have robust policies, procedures, and controls in place to manage risks and safeguard your data. This global recognition underscores our dedication to maintaining the highest level of data protection for our users. Learn more by reading our
help article.
FAQs
What student data does Quizizz collect?
Accounts are not a prerequisite to using Quizizz, but are required to access some features and to save progress over time. If a student account is created, saved information will include things like an email address, a parent or guardian email address (in limited cases), first name, and last name.
How is my data shared? Does Quizizz ever sell user data?
Data is never sold or rented to third parties. Quizizz only shares your personal information when it is necessary to offer the service, comply with law, or with your permission. For example, it may be shared with limited third-party services essential for Quizizz's operation, but these services can't use your information for other purposes. A comprehensive list of service providers can be found
here.
How long is my data retained?
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. In most cases, we delete user accounts if they have been inactive for more than twelve months. If you have an account, you can update or delete it any time at
quizizz.com/settings
Is my data encrypted?
Yes, we use industry-standard encryption to protect your data both in transit and at rest. This ensures that your personal information remains secure and private.
How does Quizizz ensure accessibility compliance?
Quizizz is committed to ensuring that our platform is accessible to all users, including those with disabilities. We follow the Voluntary Product Accessibility Template (VPAT) guidelines, which document our compliance with accessibility standards such as Section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act and the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG). Our VPAT details the ways in which Quizizz meets these standards and is available upon request here. For more information, please visit our
accessibility and inclusion statement.
How can I manage my data?
You have the right to delete, access, update, correct errors in, and export for transfer any of your personal information. You may delete your account or update your information at any time by visiting
quizizz.com/settings
How does Quizizz protect student data?
Engaging every student starts with trust. We use technical, operational, and logical security measures to keep student data safe. Learn about these measures
here.
Can parents and guardians manage their child's data on Quizizz?
Parents and guardians can log in to their child’s account and have the right to delete or update their child’s information at any time by visiting
quizizz.com/settings
Does Quizizz AI interact with student data?
Quizizz AI solely uses the inputs teachers provide to generate content for your lessons and quizzes. Just like the rest of Quizizz, we keep your and your students' personal data untouched. OpenAI does not use any of your personal data for training its models. We retain the content you input solely to generate quizzes and provide you with the best possible results. Additionally, Quizizz AI checks for copyrights before using publicly available material.
More questions? Access our
Privacy Policy
or
Help Center
for further information.
How do I generate quiz questions from a document or file?
If you have pre-existing content on a PDF, PPT, or document, upload it to the Quizizz AI Create section. The AI question generator will generate questions based on your uploaded files! Please note that currently, Quizizz AI only reads the first ten pages of your document and will generate relevant questions based on that!
How do I generate quiz questions from a url or a YouTube link?
The
AI quiz generator
can generate relevant questions from any publicly accessible weblink! YouTube links that are public and that have transcripts can also be used to generate questions and is in fact, one of our most loved features!
When should I use Quizizz AI Enhance?
Quizizz AI Enhance can be used in a few different ways!
After you've generated a quiz using Quizizz AI
, you can use Quizizz AI Enhance on your generated questions. Either enhance individually or enhance entire AI-generated quizzes. You can convert your multiple-choice questions to other types like fill-in-the-blank or drag-and-drop questions!
Refreshing your old quizzes
: If you're the kind that already has a lot of Quizzes saved in their library, don't waste time updating them for the new school year or for new assessments. Just use Quizizz AI Enhance to refresh them as needed! Automatically personalize your quizzes with student names, add themes to them to fit in with the theme of your classroom, and add answer explanations wherever needed!
Browsing the Quizizz Library:
When you find a quiz that seems like it might fit what you're looking for but isn't yet perfect for your classroom and diverse student needs, use Quizizz AI Enhance to customize it! Translate it for ESL students, change the difficulty level, add more challenging questions or simplify them to create assessments with differentiation, convert it to real-world scenarios to engage students, or create different versions of your quiz all in a few seconds!
What can Quizizz AI do?
Quizizz AI is like your personal teaching assistant - making everything you love about Quizizz even quicker! Let’s break it down:
Quizizz AI Create
: this helps you create quizzes in an instant. Whether you’ve got a prompt, a chunk of text, URLS that are publicly accessible (including YouTube videos with transcripts and descriptions), or documents like PDFs, DOCs, and PPTs - Quizizz AI Create turns them into quizzes with ease.
‍
Quizizz AI Enhance
helps you take a quiz or question you already have and quickly adapt it to be more accessible, relevant, and fun for all students. Automatically fix spelling mistakes, simplify questions, or translate into another language, converting questions to real-world scenarios or adding a creative edge to your quizzes!
How does Quizizz AI to generate questions and enhance questions?
Our AI solution is uniquely teacher-driven. We bring together ai tools, teacher-created content, and prompts with suggestions from the best deep-learning and machine-learning models available, like GPT-4:
‍
Quizizz AI only makes suggestions for questions, activities, and ways to enhance the experience; teachers always have full control over the final content.
Versus tools powered by AI models alone, Quizizz AI is trained by pairing those models with our library of millions of teacher-created, classroom-tested activities. So, our solution's suggestions are shaped by real teachers.
What languages can Quizizz AI recognize and translate to?
At the moment, anything that GPT-4 can process, Quizizz AI can too! We haven’t yet found any language generation failing, but if you do, please feel free to email
support@quizizz.com
What are the best practices that I should apply to my use of Quizizz AI (beta)?
Our best advice is to experiment with Quizizz AI to test and discover how it can support you and your students best. Here are some general tips to keep in mind, too:
Be as clear and concise as possible with prompts and uploaded content
Review everything that is suggested, since Quizizz AI is still in beta
Do not use Quizizz AI to generate harmful content, infringe any third party rights, or defame anyone
Why isn’t the AI working on my Quiz, prompt, document, url etc.?
If you're experiencing hiccups with Quizizz AI, there could be a couple of reasons:
Beta Phase: Quizizz AI is in its beta stage, which means it's still learning and evolving. Some features might be gradually rolling out.
Complex Content: AI works best with clear and concise inputs. If your content is overly complex, it might need some simplification for AI to work its magic.
Technical Glitch: Sometimes, technology has its quirks. Refresh the page, clear your cache, or try another browser to see if that solves the issue.
Unsupported Elements: AI might not yet support all content types. Make sure your content aligns with supported formats.
Feedback Matters: If you've tried all the above and still face problems, reach out to us at support@quizizz.com. Your feedback helps us improve the experience for all.
How is Quizizz AI moderated to ensure safe use?
Student security, privacy, and digital citizenship remain top priorities for Quizizz, with AI tools exclusively for teacher, not student, use and a company-wide commitment to responsible AI that minimizes bias and hate speech.Our system includes automated reviews of input prompts, scanning for terms that might trigger inappropriate content. Additionally, GPT-4's inherent guardrails play a significant role in keeping outputs and users in check.
How is my data used?
Rest assured, your data is in good hands with Quizizz AI:
Purposeful Usage: Quizizz AI solely uses the inputs you provide to generate content for your lessons and tests. Your data's role is clear and specific.
Opt-In Approach: The AI feature only springs into action when you decide to use it.
Focused on Inputs: Just like the rest of Quizizz, we keep your and your students' personal data untouched. Quizizz AI only engages with the inputs you provide for content creation.For the nitty-gritty details, our
Privacy Policy
has got you covered.
When will Quizizz AI Analyze come out?
Quizizz AI Analyze - the ability to analyze student reports and tests and identify areas of skill and knowledge gaps to give differentiated support - is still under development and will be out in beta this school year.
English
French
Spanish
German
Italian
Japanese
Polish
Russian
Turkish
Chinese Simplified
Chinese Traditional
Vietnamese
Portuguese, Brazilian
Indonesian
Thai
Azerbaijani
Malay
Tagalog
English
Kazakh
Sub-policy 1
https://aws.amazon.com/compliance/data-privacy/:
Select your cookie preferences
We use essential cookies and similar tools that are necessary to provide our site and services. We use performance cookies to collect anonymous statistics, so we can understand how customers use our site and make improvements. Essential cookies cannot be deactivated, but you can choose “Customize” or “Decline” to decline performance cookies.
If you agree, AWS and approved third parties will also use cookies to provide useful site features, remember your preferences, and display relevant content, including relevant advertising. To accept or decline all non-essential cookies, choose “Accept” or “Decline.” To make more detailed choices, choose “Customize.”
Accept
Decline
Customize
We use cookies and similar tools (collectively, "cookies") for the following purposes.
Essential
Essential cookies are necessary to provide our site and services and cannot be deactivated. They are usually set in response to your actions on the site, such as setting your privacy preferences, signing in, or filling in forms.
Performance
Performance cookies provide anonymous statistics about how customers navigate our site so we can improve site experience and performance. Approved third parties may perform analytics on our behalf, but they cannot use the data for their own purposes.
Allow performance category
Allowed
Functional
Functional cookies help us provide useful site features, remember your preferences, and display relevant content. Approved third parties may set these cookies to provide certain site features. If you do not allow these cookies, then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Allow functional category
Allowed
Advertising
Advertising cookies may be set through our site by us or our advertising partners and help us deliver relevant marketing content. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less relevant advertising.
Allow advertising category
Allowed
Blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of our sites. You may review and change your choices at any time by selecting Cookie preferences in the footer of this site. We and selected third-parties use cookies or similar technologies as specified in the
AWS Cookie Notice
.
We display ads relevant to your interests on AWS sites and on other properties, including cross-context behavioral advertising. Cross-context behavioral advertising uses data from one site or app to advertise to you on a different company’s site or app.
To not allow AWS cross-context behavioral advertising based on cookies or similar technologies, select “Don't allow” and “Save privacy choices” below, or visit an AWS site with a legally-recognized decline signal enabled, such as the Global Privacy Control. If you delete your cookies or visit this site from a different browser or device, you will need to make your selection again. For more information about cookies and how we use them, please read our
AWS Cookie Notice
.
Cross-context behavioral ads
Allow
Don't allow
To not allow all other AWS cross-context behavioral advertising,
complete this form by email
.
For more information about how AWS handles your information, please read the
AWS Privacy Notice
.
We will only store essential cookies at this time, because we were unable to save your cookie preferences.
If you want to change your cookie preferences, try again later using the link in the AWS console footer, or contact support if the problem persists.
Skip to main content
Catch up on re:Invent
|  Watch the latest keynotes on-demand. Explore Videos Now »
Data Privacy Center
Earning trust through transparency
At AWS, earning and maintaining customer trust is the foundation of our business. We earn this trust in the privacy space by working to meet our customers’ needs and by being transparent in our privacy commitments. AWS offers services, tooling, and resources to help you control and protect your data so that you can implement privacy protections based on your specific industry requirements. We provide a wide variety of resources that you can leverage to protect your data, such as the
Security Pillar of the AWS Well-Architected Framework
and
privacy whitepapers
.
Learn more »
At AWS, earning and maintaining customer trust is the foundation of our business. We earn this trust in the privacy space by working to meet our customers’ needs and by being transparent in our privacy commitments. AWS offers services, tooling, and resources to help you control and protect your data so that you can implement privacy protections based on your specific industry requirements. We provide a wide variety of resources that you can leverage to protect your data, such as the
Security Pillar of the AWS Well-Architected Framework
and
privacy whitepapers
.
Learn more »
Commitments
Privacy Controls
Privacy at Work
Resources
Quick links
Commitments »
Privacy Controls »
Privacy at Work »
Resources »
Commitments
We earn and maintain customer trust by making ongoing commitments, which include:
You control your data on AWS
You control your data. You determine who can access your data. Using AWS Regions, you control where your data is stored, based on your specific needs. We make it easier for you to encrypt your data in transit and at rest. We do not access, use, or share customer data without your agreement, except as required to prevent fraud and abuse, or to comply with law, as described in our
Customer Agreement
.
We build to the highest standards
We support the highest privacy standards and compliance certifications to help our customers satisfy their requirements. AWS has achieved internationally recognized certifications and accreditations for compliance with privacy assurance frameworks, such as
ISO 27017
for cloud security,
ISO 27701
for privacy information management, and
ISO 27018
for cloud privacy.
We raise the bar on privacy safeguards
We continuously raise the bar on privacy safeguards with services and features that let you to implement your own privacy controls, including advanced access, encryption, and logging features. At AWS, we implement consistent and scalable processes to manage privacy considerations, including how data is collected, used, accessed, stored, and deleted.
We are transparent in our commitments
Our contracts are written in plain, straightforward language to be transparent and help you understand the data privacy protections that we offer. We also provide ongoing
data transparency reporting
describing the frequency of government information requests.
Privacy Controls and Certifications
Customers around the world—from startups and governments to highly regulated industries—trust AWS with their most sensitive content and applications, including the personal data they need to run their operations. We implement privacy controls and processes that benefit every AWS customer.
We have developed a security assurance program that uses best practices for global privacy and data protection to help you operate securely within AWS, and to make the best use of our control environment. AWS is compliant with a range of global standards and certifications most important to our customers, including validations from trusted third-party auditors. This compliance provides customers with additional assurance that they can use AWS to meet their privacy needs and the requirements of their auditors.
Learn more on the
Compliance Programs
webpage.
Privacy at Work
Cryptographic Computing
AWS Cryptographic Computing (2:05)
Cryptographic computing enables computation on cryptographically protected data, providing you a broad range of privacy preserving techniques including secure multi-party computation, homomorphic encryption, privacy preserving federated learning, and searchable encryption. AWS cryptography tools and services utilize a wide range of encryption and storage technologies that can help you protect your data at rest and in transit. At AWS, customers can use
Cryptographic Computing for Clean Rooms (C3R)
, a library that enables customers to collaborate with data in
AWS Clean Rooms
using a technique that allows multiple parties to jointly compute a function over their inputs while keeping those inputs private.
Learn more »
Differential Privacy
AWS Clean Rooms ML and AWS Clean Rooms Differential Privacy (58:49)
Differential privacy helps protect data at the individual level by adding a controlled amount of randomness to obscure the presence or absence of any single individual in a dataset that is being analyzed.
AWS Clean Rooms Differential Privacy
is a capability that helps customers protect the privacy of their users with mathematically-backed and intuitive controls using just a few clicks. As a fully managed capability, no prior differential privacy experience is needed to help you prevent the re-identification of your users. AWS Clean Rooms Differential Privacy obfuscates the contribution of any individual’s data in generating aggregate insights in collaboration outputs and enables you to run a broad range of SQL queries to generate insights about advertising campaigns, investment decisions, clinical research, and more.
View customer stories »
Featured Resources
Common Privacy & Data Protection Considerations
Learn more »
AWS Privacy Notice
Learn more »
Differential Privacy Publications from Amazon
Learn more »
AWS Clean Rooms Differential Privacy
Learn more »
Privacy Features of AWS Services
Learn more »
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) Center
Learn more »
Common Privacy & Data Protection Considerations
Learn more »
AWS Privacy Notice
Learn more »
Differential Privacy Publications from Amazon
Learn more »
AWS Clean Rooms Differential Privacy
Learn more »
Privacy Features of AWS Services
Learn more »
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) Center
Learn more »
Common Privacy & Data Protection Considerations
Learn more »
AWS Privacy Notice
Learn more »
Prev
Next
Slide 1
Slide 2
Previous Slide
Next Slide
Find more guides, best practices, whitepapers, and trainings by visiting our
Compliance Resources
.
Featured Resources
Privacy Features of AWS Services
Learn more »
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) Center
Learn more »
Common Privacy & Data Protection Considerations
Learn more »
AWS Privacy Notice
Learn more »
Differential Privacy Publications from Amazon
Learn more »
AWS Clean Rooms Differential Privacy
Learn more »
Prev
Next
Slide 1
Slide 2
Slide 3
Previous Slide
Next Slide
Find more guides, best practices, whitepapers, and trainings by visiting our
Compliance Resources
.
Featured Resources
Privacy Features of AWS Services
Learn more »
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) Center
Learn more »
Common Privacy & Data Protection Considerations
Learn more »
AWS Privacy Notice
Learn more »
Differential Privacy Publications from Amazon
Learn more »
AWS Clean Rooms Differential Privacy
Learn more »
Prev
Next
Slide 1
Slide 2
Slide 3
Slide 4
Slide 5
Slide 6
Previous Slide
Next Slide
Find more guides, best practices, whitepapers, and trainings by visiting our
Compliance Resources
.
Have Questions? Connect with an AWS Business Representative
Contact Us
Exploring compliance roles?
Apply today »
Want AWS Compliance updates?
Follow us on Twitter »
AWS support for Internet Explorer ends on 07/31/2022. Supported browsers are Chrome, Firefox, Edge, and Safari.
Learn more »
Close
Cryptographic Computing
Culture of Security
Open Source Security
Post-Quantum Cryptography
Provable Security
Ransomware Protection
Zero Trust
Close
Cloud Audit Academy
Compliance Overview
Compliance Programs
Services in Scope
Shared Responsibility Model
Close
Data Protection
Data Privacy Center
Digital Sovereignty
Close
AWS Marketplace
Digital Sovereignty Competency
MSSP
MSSP Competency
Partner Resources
Security Competency
Close
Confidential Computing
Customer Success Stories
Security Best Practices
Security Bulletins
Security Content
Security Learning
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
Login
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
View profile
Log out
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
Login
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
View profile
Log out
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
View profile
Log out
Sub-policy 2
https://policies.google.com/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 3
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/:
You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Please wait while application initialize...
;