1 Introduction
1.1 Important information and who we are
Welcome to Orca Scan’s Privacy and Data Protection Policy (“Privacy Policy”).
At Orca Scan (“
we
”, “
us
”, or “
our
”) we are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy and Personal Data in compliance with the United Kingdom General Data Protection Regulation (“
GDPR
”), the Data Protection Act 2018 and all other mandatory laws and regulations of the United Kingdom.
This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, process and keep your data safe. The Privacy
Policy will tell you about your privacy rights, how the law protects you, and inform our
employees and staff members of all their obligations and protocols when processing data.
The individuals from which we may gather and use data can include any people that the
organisation has a relationship with or may need to contact.
This Privacy Policy applies to all our employees and staff members and all Personal Data
processed at any time by us.
1.2 Who is Your Data Controller
Orca Scan is your Data Controller and responsible for your Personal Data. We are not obliged by the GDPR to appoint a data protection officer and have not voluntarily appointed one at this time. Therefore, any inquiries about your data should either be sent to us on email at or sent in a letter to Salisbury House, Station Road , Cambridge, CB1 2LA, United Kingdom.
You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner’s
Office (ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues (
www.ico.org.uk
). We
would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach
the ICO so please contact us in the first instance.
1.3 Processing Data on Behalf of a Controller and Processors’ responsibility to you
In discharging our responsibilities as a Data Controller we have employees who will deal
with your data on our behalf (known as “
Processors
”). Therefore, the responsibilities
described below may be assigned to an individual or may be taken to apply to the
organisation as a whole. The Data Controller and our Processors have the following
responsibilities:
Ensure that all processing of Personal Data is governed by one of the legal bases
laid out in the GDPR (see 2.2 below for more information on those bases);
Ensure that Processors authorised to process Personal Data have committed
themselves to confidentiality or are under an appropriate statutory obligation of
confidentiality;
Implement appropriate technical and organisational measures to ensure a level of
security appropriate to the risk associated with the processing of Personal Data;
Obtain the prior specific or general authorisation of the Controller before engaging
another Processor;
Assist the Controller in the fulfilment of the Controller’s obligation to respond to
requests for exercising the data subject’s rights;
Make available to the Controller all information necessary to demonstrate
compliance with the obligations laid down in the GDPR and allow for and contribute
to audits, including inspections, conducted by the Controller or another auditor
mandated by the Controller;
Maintain a record of all categories of processing activities carried out on behalf of a
Controller;
Cooperate, on request, with the supervisory authority in the performance of its
tasks;
Ensure that any person acting under the authority of the Processor who has access
to Personal Data does not process Personal Data except on instructions from the
Controller; and
Notify the Controller without undue delay after becoming aware of a Personal Data
Breach;
2 Legal basis for data collection
2.1 Types of Data / Privacy Policy Scope
“Personal Data”
means any information about an individual from which that person can
be identified. It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous
data).
We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of Personal Data about you which
we have grouped together below. Not all of the following types of data will necessarily be
collected from you but this is the full scope of data that we collect and when we collect it
from you:
We do not collect any Special Categories of Personal Data about you (this includes details
about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation,
political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health, and genetic
and biometric data). Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and
offences.
2.2 The Legal Basis for Collecting That Data
There are a number of justifiable reasons under the GDPR that allow collection and
processing of Personal Data. The main avenues we rely on are:
“Consent”
: Certain situations allow us to collect your Personal Data, such as when
you tick a box that confirms you are happy to receive email newsletters from us, or
‘opt in’ to a service.
“Contractual Obligations”
: We may require certain information from you in order
to fulfil our contractual obligations and provide you with the promised service.
“Legal Compliance”
: We’re required by law to collect and process certain types of
data, such as fraudulent activity or other illegal actions.
“Legitimate Interest”
: We might need to collect certain information from you to be
able to meet our legitimate interests - this covers aspects that can be reasonably
expected as part of running our business, that will not have a material impact on
your rights, freedom or interests. Examples could be your address so that we know
where to deliver something to, or your name, so that we have a record of who to
contact moving forwards.
3 How we use your personal data
3.1 Our Uses
We will only use your Personal Data when the law allows us to. Set out below is a table
containing the different types of Personal Data we collect and the lawful basis for
processing that data. Please refer to section 2.2 for more information on the lawful basis
listed in the table below.
Examples provided in the table below are indicative in nature and the purposes for which
we use your data may be broader than described but we will never process your data
without a legal basis for doing so and it is for a related purpose. For further inquiries
please contact us.
3.2 Change of Purpose
We will only use your Personal Data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we
reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is
compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to get an explanation as to how the
processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please contact us.
If we need to use your Personal Data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we
will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
Please note that we may process your Personal Data without your knowledge or consent,
in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
4 Your right and how you are protected by us
4.1 How Does Orca Scan Protect Customers’ Personal Data?
We are concerned with keeping your data secure and protecting it from inappropriate
disclosure. Any Personal Data collected by us is only accessible by a limited number of
employees who have special access rights to such systems and are bound by obligations
of confidentiality. If and when we use subcontractors to store your data, we will not
relinquish control of your Personal Data or expose it to security risks that would not have
arisen had the data remained in our possession. However, unfortunately, no transmission
of data over the internet is guaranteed to be completely secure. It may be possible for
third parties not under the control of Orca Scan to intercept or access transmissions or private communications unlawfully. While we strive to protect your Personal Data, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any Personal Data you transmit to us. Any such transmission is done at your own risk. If you believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure, please contact us.
4.2 How to Request your Data and the Process for Obtaining it
You will not have to pay a fee to access your Personal Data (or to exercise any of the other
rights). However, if your request is clearly unfounded, we could refuse to comply with your
request.
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity
and ensure you have the right to access your Personal Data (or to exercise any of your
other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that Personal Data is not disclosed to
any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further
information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
5 Your data and third parties
5.1 Will We Share Your Data With Third Parties?
We may also share Personal Data with interested parties in the event that Cambridge App
Lab Limited t/a Orca Scan anticipates a change in control or the acquisition of all or part of
our business or assets or with interested parties in connection with the licensing of our
technology.
If Orca Scan is sold or makes a sale or transfer, we may, in our sole discretion, transfer, sell or assign your Personal Data to a third party as part of or in connection with that transaction. Upon such transfer, the Privacy Policy of the acquiring entity may govern the further use of your Personal Data. In all other situations, your data will still remain protected in accordance with this Privacy Policy (as amended from time to time).
We may share your Personal Data at any time if required for legal reasons or in order to
enforce our terms or this Privacy Policy.
6 How long will we retain your data?
We will only retain your Personal Data for as long as reasonably necessary to fulfil the purposes
we collected it. We may retain your Personal Data for a longer period than usual in the event
of a complaint or if we reasonably believe there is a prospect of litigation with respect to our
relationship with you.
7 International transfer of data
Your information may be stored and processed in the US or other countries or jurisdictions
outside the US where Orca Scan has facilities. We are currently storing data in the EU and so, by using Orca Scan, you are permitting and consenting to the transfer of information, including Personal Data, outside of the US.
8 Notification of changes and acceptance of policy
We keep our Privacy Policy under review and will place any updates on this webpage. This
version is dated 6th July 2022. By using Orca Scan, you consent to the collection and use of data by us as set out in this Privacy Policy. Continued access or use of Orca Scan will constitute your express acceptance of any modifications to this Privacy Policy.
9 Interpretation
All uses of the word “including” mean “including but not limited to” and the enumerated
examples are not intended to in any way limit the term which they serve to illustrate. Any email
addresses set out in this policy may be used solely for the purpose for which they are stated to
be provided, and any unrelated correspondence will be ignored. Unless otherwise required by
law, we reserve the right to not respond to emails, even if they relate to a legitimate subject
matter for which we have provided an email address. As a matter of common sense, you are
more likely to get a reply if your request or question is polite, reasonable and there is no
relatively obvious other way to deal with or answer your concern or question (e.g. FAQs, other
areas of our website etc.).
Our staff are not authorised to contract on behalf of Orca Scan, waive rights or make representations (whether contractual or otherwise). If anything contained in an email from a Orca Scan address contradicts anything in this policy, our terms or any official public announcement on our website, or is inconsistent with or amounts to a waiver of any Orca Scan rights, the email content will be read down to grant precedence to the latter. The only exception to this is genuine correspondence expressed to be from the Orca Scan legal department.
Ready to start scanning?
Get Started
Book a demo