This privacy policy will be effective from the 27th of September, 2015.
Spamming
We do not spam. If you receive any unsolicited bulk email mentioning this domain, please report it to us immediately. We shall investigate and deal with your complaint promptly. We have a zero tolerance approach towards spam.
Your Personally Identifiable Information
This web site and our apps may collect personally identifiable information about you. The information may include your name, your email address, your phone number, and your mailing address.
What options do you have to easily limit the use of your personal information?
You may ask us to provide you with the details of your personally identifiable information that is stored with us or you may request changes to your personally identifiable information that is stored with us by
contacting us
. You can also contact us at any time and ask us to remove all your personally identifiable information that is stored with us.
Your child’s personally identifiable information and your rights under the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA)
This website and all our products and services are compliant with COPPA. The following declarations will help you understand your rights under COPPA:
The only organization collecting personal information regarding your child through this website and related products and services is AtlasMission.com, who can be contacted through
this
page.
The personal information regarding your child that is collected through this website and related products and services may include your child’s name, age, photo, data related to your child’s performance in, and usage of, our website and related products and services (hereinafter: usage data), drawings created by your child, audio recordings of his/her voice, and background noise that was present while your child was using our products and services.
The personal information is generally collected directly from you (the child’s parent or caregiver). In case of usage data, drawings created by your child and audio recordings of your child’s voice, the personal information is collected from your child.
The personal information will be used to customize the content that is shown to your child in our website and related products and services. Drawings created by your child and audio recordings of your child’s voice may be shared by you or your child with other children and individuals (all of whom have to be pre-approved by you) who are in your child’s private social network.
The personal information may be used to train and improve our internal personalization, artificial intelligence, machine learning, speech recognition and related algorithms.
With the exception of the personal information that is shared by you or your child with the children and individuals present in your child’s private social network, if the personal information collected regarding your child needs to be disclosed to third parties (including, but not limited to, third parties who are helping us fulfill some of the usage objectives mentioned above like training and improving our algorithms), such disclosure will only occur after your child’s personal information has been anonymized.
We don’t require you or your child to disclose more information than is reasonably necessary to use our website and related products and services, or for the continuous improvement of our website and related products and services.
You can review your child’s personal information, direct us to delete it, and refuse to allow any further collection or use of the child’s information at any time.
You have the right to agree to the collection and use of your child’s information, but still insist on disallowing the disclosure of this information to third parties (except insofar as this is being disclosed to the children and individuals present in your child’s private social network).
In order to exercise any of your rights under COPPA, please
Contact Us
.
Legal Basis for Processing Your Personal Information
When you sign up for the Atlas Mission, we are processing and storing your and your child’s data on the basis of a legitimate interest to customize your child’s experience in our game, to make sure that a child who is using our game is doing so with the consent of a grown-up, and to prevent payment fraud and free trial abuse. This data will be retained indefinitely. You have the right to complain to the concerned authorities if you think there is a problem with the way we have handled your data.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change this privacy policy at any time. The fact that this privacy policy has changed will be communicated to you by means of a notice that will be put up at the bottom of this page. It is your responsibility to monitor this page on a regular basis for any changes to this privacy policy.
This privacy policy was last changed on the 14th of April, 2020.