Secure Net Privacy Supplement
Vodafone Secure Net is a service that offers  protection against security threats including viruses, trojans, spyware, adware and unwanted programs.
Vodafone Secure Net Find & Ring operates as a complimentary service that helps locate your device. It requires access to your device's location data.
This Supplement defines how your information is used by Secure Net and the complimentary Find & Ring feature. Please go to
www.vodafone.co.uk/privacy
to read Vodafone's full privacy policy.
What information we collect?
You may be prompted to enter your phone number when first using the service - this is for product registration.
Make sure you keep your account details secure — this is essential for your privacy and security.
Vodafone will collect and use your data, including usage statistics,  to:
Improve the Service;
Improve the security of the Vodafone Network; and
Provide you with a higher level of security and protection whilst you are on the Vodafone Network.
What information we don’t collect
We understand that some of the information we collect may be seen as sensitive. Therefore we have designed Secure Net to reduce the sensitivity of the collected information. For example, we don’t collect your contacts and we don’t collect media from your device.
Location Information- Secure Net Find & Ring Only
Secure Net Find & Ring will only share location data with your separate permission if you choose to use the app.
Secure Net Find & Ring locates your device by making use of the location data assessing the GPS location data, Wifi location data and the network location data that your device uses. This data is broadcast to Vodafone every three hours and when the battery is low on your device.
Vodafone only uses the location data from Secure Net Find & Ring to locate your device on your request. We do not sell it or rent it out to third parties.
For how long do you keep my personal data?
By way of an example here are some examples of the data and usage statistics we will collect and how long we will retain it.
Example
What data is involved
How long is it retained for?
Number of websites viewed
Totals - Count of how many
6 (six) months
Number of websites blocked
Totals - Count of how many
6 (six) months
Numbers of files downloaded
Totals - Count of how many
6 (six) months
Number of files blocked
Totals - Count of how many
6 (six) months
Top blocked categories
Totals - Count of how many
6 (six) months
Actual files downloaded by the Individual (IF Notify of new apps feature is turned on)
Name of file
Instant only (Notification: without any details  or information about file content
Aggregated top harmful files and websites attempted to be downloaded
Totals – Count of how many
6 (six) months
Actual URLs accessed by an Individual
Specific URLs & File names
1 (one) month
Actual files downloaded by an Individual
Specific URLs & File names
1 (one) month
For how long do you keep my personal information - Secure Net Find & Ring only
Vodafone will retain your email address for as long as you continue to use Secure Net Find & Ring.
Vodafone will retain the location data from your device for a maximum of 24 hours. After that time the data will be deleted and no location history is maintained.
Every time you activate Find & Ring, a new location will be stored and this overrides the location that was previously stored.  The location information sent when the phone has a low battery  and when the phone sends periodic updates will override what was stored previously.
Vodafone may retain aggregated and statistical reports that have been generated using your personal data and anonymised data for a longer period, but as these reports cannot identify you as a user, they cannot be used in a way that impacts your privacy.
Information Security
Vodafone takes technical and organisational security measures as required by law and by industry standards to protect your personal data from unauthorised access, use or disclosure.  We take steps to ensure that we only use your personal information as described in this privacy notice and to honour the permission choices that you have made. We only partner with service providers who contract to provide the same level of information security that you can expect from Vodafone.
Who Provides the Service?
Vodafone Secure Net and Vodafone Secure Net  Find & Ring are provided solely by Vodafone Group Plc. Registered Office: Vodafone House, The Connection, Newbury, Berkshire RG14 2FN. Registered in England No 1833679.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.vodafone.co.uk/privacy:
Skip to main content
Personal
Business
Find a store
Network Status Checker
Shop
Phones and tablets
Pay monthly phones
Pay as you go phones
Apple iPhone
Samsung Galaxy phones
iPad and tablets
Refurbished phones
SIM only
Pay monthly SIM
Pay as you go SIM
Data-only SIM
Top up
Pay as you go free SIM
Broadband
Check availability
Pro II Broadband plan
Full fibre broadband
Broadband upgrade
Broadband and TV
Latest deals and offers
Trade-in guarantee
Vodafone Xchange
Broadband and mobile
Existing customers
Vodafone EVO
Smartwatches and tech
Laptops
Accessories
OneNumber
Smartwatches
Mobile WiFi
Why Vodafone
Our best network
Roaming
Calling abroad
Mobile and broadband
Check coverage
Switch to us
News Centre
News
Features
Smart Living
For journalists
About us
5G
Why Vodafone 5G?
5G coverage
5G phones
5G tablets and laptops
5G broadband
More to love
VeryMe Rewards
Entertainment
Unlimited plans
My Vodafone app
Phones for kids
Outstanding service
Lifetime Service Promise
Insurance plans
14-day returns
Over 400 stores
Secure Net
Help
Costs and charges
UK call charges
Calling abroad from the UK
Travelling abroad
Data charges
Manage data usage
Information
Getting started
Unlocking your phone
Switch to Vodafone
Digital parenting
everyone.connected
Help and support
Support centre
Tech team
Vodafone community
Chat assistant
Device help
Broadband
Broadband support
Home moves
Landline information
Social broadband
Broadband speed test
Customer care
Delivery
Returns
Lost or stolen
Life events
Repairs
My Vodafone
Billing and payments
Recent bills
Usage
Make a payment
Manage direct debit
Top up
My products
Change my plan
Upgrades
Existing customer offers
Vodafone Together
Vodafone Advantage
Settings
Account settings
Personal details
Password and security
My account controls
Vodafone apps
My Vodafone app
Vodafone Broadband app
VeryMe Rewards
Your account options
My Vodafone
Upgrade
Existing customer deals
Home
Privacy Portal
Our Privacy Portal
The home of our privacy and cookie policy
Your privacy is important to us – just as knowing how we use your information is important to you. Our Privacy Portal gives you full visibility of how we collect, use, share and protect your personal information when you use our products, services and our website.
We've broken this information down into chunks so you can find the details you need as quickly and easily as possible.
tab 1 of 5
Privacy Policy
tab 2 of 5
Privacy and our products and services
tab 3 of 5
Cookie policy
tab 4 of 5
Your privacy rights
tab 5 of 5
Fraud prevention
Privacy policy
Our privacy and cookies policy gets updated from time to time. Whenever we make a change, we’ll post this on our website and let you know if there’s a material change.
We’ve revised our privacy and cookies policy, refreshing it to tie in with the launch of our new Privacy Portal.
Last updated November 2024.
How to use this privacy and cookies policy
In this policy, we explain how we collect, use, share and protect your personal information when you use our products, services and website. You can find the privacy supplements for all our products and services, at Privacy & Our Products & Services.
Who we are
We are Vodafone Limited. In some circumstances, Vodafone Group Services Limited (VGSL) controls the processing of your personal information jointly with Vodafone Group. The registered office of VGSL is Vodafone House, The Connection Newbury, Berkshire RG14 2FN. We’re registered in England under company number 03802001. Unless otherwise specified in a separate privacy statement, the way your personal information is processed will remain compatible with the wording of this privacy policy. In this privacy policy:
“we/us” means Vodafone Limited.
“third party” means someone who isn’t you or us.
“Vodafone Group” means Vodafone Group Plc and any company or other organisation in which Vodafone Group Plc owns more than 15% of the share capital.
Our registered office is Vodafone House, The Connection Newbury, Berkshire RG14 2FN. We’re registered in England under company number 1471587 and registered with the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), registration number Z1933885.
How to contact us
Your opinion matters to us – if you have any questions about our privacy policy or your privacy settings, please
submit your query
and a member of our dedicated team will respond to you. If you’d like to mail us by post directly, send it marked “Privacy Team” to Vodafone House, The Connection, Newbury, Berkshire, RG14 2FN. You can contact our Data Protection Officer at
data.protection@vodafone.com
Our principles
Vodafone is committed to respecting your privacy. We take privacy, security and complying with data protection and privacy laws seriously. Here are Vodafone’s core
Privacy Commitments
. We aim to put these commitments at the heart of everything we do.
Directly from you
The information we collect about you and how we collect it can vary depending on the products and services that you use and subscribe to, how you’ve used the products and services, and how you’ve interacted with Vodafone even if you aren’t a customer, or what we’ve obtained from a third party with permission to share it with us.
We’ll collect your personal information when you, for example:
Buy or use any of our products and services
Use our network or other Vodafone products and services
Register for a specific product or service
Subscribe to newsletters, alerts or other services from us
Contact us through various channels, or ask for information about a product or service
Take part in a competition, prize draw, event or survey
Visit or browse our website or other Vodafone Group websites
Have given permission to other companies to share information about you
Where your information is publicly available
Are the customer of a business that we acquire
If you’re a non-Vodafone customer and contact a Vodafone customer or a Vodafone customer care team.
From third parties
Information collected not directly from you.
We also collect information from certain organisations, where appropriate and to the extent we have legal grounds to do so. These include fraud-prevention agencies, business directories, credit check reference/vetting agencies, billing calculating agencies, connected network providers, and from other data providers. This includes demographic data, interest-based data, and internet browsing behaviour.
We may also collect information about you on CCTV when you visit our premises or on other security cameras as part of our security and crime prevention measures.
We use cookies (small text files stored in your browser) and other techniques such as web beacons (small, clear picture files used to follow your movements on our website). For more details on this and how to opt out of these, please see the 'Cookies' section of this policy.
If you provide feedback on a Vodafone application, such as the My Vodafone app or our Home Broadband app, we may receive this feedback. This information is provided to us under the terms of the privacy policy of that application.
The types of information we may have, where applicable:
Contact details
Such as your name, address, phone and/or mobile number and email address.
Financial details
Such as your credit or debit card information, information about your bank account and other banking information – for example, you’ll have to give us this information when you open an account with us. We’ll collect the data necessary to process a payment whenever you make a purchase.
Your traffic data
Every time you use your mobile phone, a record is kept. This includes the number you called or sent an SMS or MMS to, the length, date and time of that call, SMS or MMS, the amount of data you are using and your approximate location at the time that the communication takes place (based on the location of the nearest cell that you sent that call or message from).  The same is also recorded every time you receive an incoming call or message. This is data we see as part of providing you with connectivity; we don’t, however, keep a record of the content of your calls or messages.
Information about your device or connectivity
Such as IP address, IMEI and MSISDN.
Your location data
This can be precise where it uses Global Positioning System (GPS) data or by identifying nearby mobile phone masts and Wi-Fi hotspots and you enable location-based services or features. Or less precise where, for example, a location is derived from your IP address or data, such as a post code or name of a town or city.
Your contact with us
Such as a note or recording of a call you make to one of our contact centres, a live chat, an email or letter sent, or other records of any contact with us.
Your account information
Such as your date of birth, gender, dates of payment owed or received, subscriptions you use, account numbers or other information related to your account or included in the My Vodafone app
Credential information
We’ll collect passwords, hints and similar security information used for authentication and access to accounts and services.
Your preferences
For products, services and lifestyle activities (for example via VeryMe Rewards), when you tell us what they are, or we assume what they are, based on how you use the products and services.
Cookies
See the Cookie Policy for details on what we collect using cookies, web beacons and other technologies, including advertising data.
Your browsing history
If you’ve given your permission, Vodafone collects the categories of website you’ve browsed on your mobile, device or PC, for example Sports, Music or News. However, we don’t have a history of the sites you browse, as this is limited for a short period of time to enable the connection to be made. We use these interests to send you personalised marketing or show you personalised advertising. You can opt out of advertising through
Cookies
or, in the case of marketing, your
Privacy Settings
. See
Opting out of marketing
in the
Your rights
section of this policy.
Special Category data
In some cases (where permitted by law), special categories of personal data or personal data relating to criminal convictions and offences. Special categories of personal data include information revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, data concerning health or data concerning a person's sex life or sexual orientation. For example, we may collect your health data when assessing your situation to facilitate debt recovery activities, provide additional support or when providing our communications in accessible formats.
Certain organisations
We also collect information from certain organisations, where appropriate and to the extent we have legal grounds to do so. These include fraud-prevention agencies, business directories, credit check reference/vetting agencies, billing calculating agencies and connected network providers.
CCTV
We may also collect information about you on CCTV when you visit our premises or on other security cameras as part of our security and crime prevention measures.
We’ll also get information about how you use our products and services, such as:
Information about how you use our products and services
Such as the level of service that you receive – for example, network or service faults and other events that may affect our network services or other services.
Details of your use of the specific services or products
For example, every time you use your mobile phone, a record is kept. This includes the number you called or sent a text or picture message to, the length, date and time of that call, text or picture message and your approximate location at the time that the communication takes place (based on the location of the nearest cell that you sent that call or message from). The same is also recorded every time you receive an incoming call or message.
To find the privacy supplements for all our products and services, please go to the
Privacy and our products and services
section of this Privacy Portal.
We will use your personal information for a number of purposes ranging from enabling us to provide you with the products or services you’ve requested to ensuring we’re keeping these secure from fraud.
We may use Artificial Intelligence (AI) to help us provide you with a requested product or service. If we use AI, we’ll do so responsibly, and where necessary, we’ll disclose that the content is generated by AI.
Whenever we use your personal information, we do so based on a specific lawful bases under data protection law listed below:
The performance of your contract or to enter into the contract and to take action on your requests.
For example, so you can make calls and texts, and browse the internet on your phone, we process things like the numbers you dial, how much data you’re using and when you’re doing it, so we can provide connectivity. This also enables us to generate your bill, based on your usage. We also need to conduct credit checks when you apply for a product or service, to verify your suitability for entry into such contracts.
Legitimate interests of Vodafone
For example, fraud prevention, maintaining the security of our network and services, direct marketing, debt management and the improvement of our services. Whenever we rely on this lawful basis to process your data, we assess our business interests to make sure they do not override your rights. Additionally, in some cases you have the right to object to this processing. For more information, visit the
Your rights
section of this policy.
Compliance with a mandatory legal obligation
Including, for example, accounting and tax requirements and regulations in relation to electronic communications and financial services, which are subject to strict internal policies (such as retention periods), procedures, and your right to restrict usage of your data, which control the scope of legal assistance to be provided.
Substantial public interest
For example, to assist with detecting and preventing fraud, tax evasion and financial crime, or to safeguard the economic well-being of certain individuals.
Consent you provide
Consent you provide
where Vodafone doesn’t rely on another legal basis. Consent may be withdrawn at any time. When you give your consent, you will be given details on how to change your mind or visit the
Your rights
section of this policy for more information.
Please see below for further information. Below you can find an overview of the categories of personal information we process about you, the purposes for which we process that personal information and the lawful basis upon which we rely to conduct that processing.
Third parties that we work with
Where you’ve purchased Vodafone products and services using a third party or partner organisation, we often need to exchange information with them as part of managing that relationship and your account – for example, to be able to identify your order and be able to pay them.
If we have a contract with a service provider or contractor to provide us with services or provide a service on our behalf, and they may have access to your personal information, we don’t authorise them to use or disclose your personal information, except in connection with providing their services.
We collect and combine information in order to monitor your use of products and services, and that of our other customers, as well as to help us to improve the quality of our products and services. We provide this information to third parties (for example, to content providers and advertisers), but any such third-party reporting shall not include information which may identify an individual customer.
Mergers and acquisitions
If we reorganised or merged with or divested part of our business to another organisation, we may need to provide your information to that other organisation or their advisers or receive personal information from that other organisation.
Third-party devices that you connect your SIM with
You may connect your SIM with a number of third-party devices, either manually with a SIM card or electronically through our OneNumber product. These may include mobile phone devices or connected devices such as smart speakers or smart watches. When you connect your SIM with these devices those third parties may record your SIM details or your interaction with the network and provide that information to Vodafone for purposes of validating your eligibility for the OneNumber product offering. Those third-party device manufacturers will process your personal data in accordance with their privacy policies and we recommend that you read their privacy policies before choosing to connect your SIM to their devices.
Third-party products that you buy through your Vodafone account
Where you buy a third-party product or service through your Vodafone account (such as
Charge to Bill for mobile
), the contract for it is with the party selling that product or service. Vodafone is only charging the amount directly to your bill as part of its arrangements with the seller (or with a third party authorised by the seller). As part of this, you’re agreeing that Vodafone may pass certain personal information to such parties to complete your purchase.
The seller’s terms and conditions and privacy and cookies policies will apply to how it uses your personal information – please read them carefully.
We’ll use your personal information for the following purposes:
To provide you with your service
It’s necessary for us to process your personal information to enable us to provide you with your service. By ‘service’, we mean any services or products that you buy or use such as broadband, mobiles, use of our apps or smart tech products.
How is your information used?
What data is used?
Lawful basis
To process your order and provide you with your products and services
To process the products and services you’ve bought from us, and keep you updated with the progress of your order.
To provide the relevant products or services to you. This includes other services not included in your agreement with us (e.g. PayPal), services that use information about where you are, and to contact you with messages about changes to the products or services.
Where you’ve purchased Vodafone products and services using a third party or partner organisation, we often need to exchange information with them as part of managing that relationship and your account – for example, to be able to identify your order and be able to pay them.
Contact details
Account information
Financial details
Performance of your contract
Billing and Customer Care
To bill you for using our products and services, or to take the appropriate amount of credit from you.
To contact you if the billing information you provided us with is about to expire or we’re not able to take payment.
To respond to any questions or concerns you may have about our network, products or services.
Account information
Financial details
Your contract with us
Performance of your contract
Service messages
We’ll contact you with customer service messages to keep you updated with current information about products and services you’ve purchased. For example, changes to our terms and conditions, price plan and data use, upgrade you might be entitled to, roaming or service interruptions.
Contact details
Account information
Performance of your contract
To improve our service
We collect information, such as your use of our products and services on an aggregated or anonymous basis in order to help us manage and improve the services we offer to everyone.
How is your information used?
What data is used?
Lawful basis
Improving and innovating our products and services, including roaming services
We anonymise, de-identify or aggregate information in order to improve the service we offer to everyone. None of these analytics are linked back to you in any way.
For roaming services, Vodafone creates aggregated and statistical management reports from this information that don’t identify you individually. Vodafone may also take this personal data and anonymise it so that more in-depth analysis of our roaming services can be undertaken. This helps Vodafone to develop its roaming services for customers without identifying users in an individual way.
Anonymised/aggregated:
Financial details
Traffic data
Location data
Account data
Legitimate interest
Improving and innovating our products and services through third parties
We collect and combine information to monitor your use of products and services, and that of our other customers, as well as to help us improve the quality of our products and services. We provide this information to third parties (for example, to content providers and advertisers) but any such third-party reporting shall not include information which may identify an individual customer.
Anonymised/aggregated:
Account information
Legitimate interest
Manage our networks and understand network usage
To protect our networks and manage the volumes of calls, texts and other uses of our networks. For example, we identify peak periods of use so we can try and ensure the networks can handle the volume at those times.
Traffic data
Location data
Legitimate interest
Marketing and tailoring our service to you
We process your personal information for marketing and advertising purposes, such as to let you know about new products or services and send you special offers, as well as to help us tailor our service to you.
You can control your marketing permissions and the data we use to tailor these communications at any time by visiting your Privacy Settings.
How is your information used?
What data is used?
Lawful basis
Marketing
We process this data for the purpose of sending you marketing communications. We can further tailor these messages using your calling and messaging activities, location information and browsing information, if you have authorised that we process this information for this purpose.
If you’ve given your permission, we’ll also contact you to let you know about products and services of other Vodafone Group companies and those of other companies which we think may interest you depending on your marketing preferences.
If you participate in a survey, we’ll use the answers you give to improve our products and services.
Depending on your marketing preferences, we’ll contact you by post, online, phone or push notifications through our apps.
Contact details
Your preferences
Browsing history
Account information
Location data
Consent
Online personalised advertising
To deliver advertising that is relevant to you, you’ll also see targeted advertising online based on the use of cookies. This is known as interest-based advertising.  It can be on websites belonging to the Vodafone Group, those of other organisations as well as other online media channels such as social media sites. We may also combine data collected via the cookies with other data we’ve collected. If you don't want any information processed through the use of cookies, check our
Cookies
section. It explains how to control and opt out of cookies.
Remember that not providing consent for interest-based advertising won’t stop advertisements from being displayed – but they won’t be tailored to your interests.
Cookie data
Browsing history
Account information
Consent
Personalisation
Personalising our products and services to suit your needs.
Provide you with personalised marketing.
To understand how you use our networks, products and services. That way we can seek to review, develop and improve these, develop more interesting and relevant products and services, as well as personalising our products and services.
Traffic data
Location data
Account data
Consent
Research and analytics
We use a variety of analytics methods including what’s commonly referred to as “Big data analytics”. Big data analytics are mathematically driven analysis techniques on large and varied data sets (that is why it is “big” data). At Vodafone, we take governance of big data analytics seriously. Our data scientists are required to sign up to a Code of Ethics. We have a strict use case process that requires that privacy and data protection law checks are carried out before any use case commences. We also have strict rules ensuring that personal information is anonymised or de-identified at the appropriate stage in the process.
For example, we use our analytics to:
Conduct market research and to carry out research and statistical analysis including to monitor how customers use our networks, products and services on an anonymous or aggregated basis;
Frame our marketing campaigns and determine how we might personalise those;
Provide reports to third parties (such reports don’t contain information which may identify you as an individual). For example, as part of Vodafone Analytics.
Account information
Legitimate interest
Profiling, Fraud Management and Security
Profiling consists of the use of personal data in an automated form in order to evaluate certain personal aspects relating to an individual. We’ll process your personal information in this way for credit, fraud and security purposes.
How is your information used?
What data is used?
Lawful basis
Credit checks and ID
We’ll carry out a credit check when you apply for a contract for any products or services with us. For more details, check our
credit checks page
We’ll also use your personal information for identity verification purposes, for access to your account and for general account management. We sometimes supplement the information we collect about you with information from other sources (e.g. the electoral roll), to assess the accuracy of the information that we hold.
Financial details
Account information
Credential information
Performance of your contract
Fraud Prevention, Security and Debt Collection
We’ll process your traffic data to protect against and detect fraud, to protect and detect misuse or damage to our networks, to recover debts or trace those who owe us money resulting from the use of our services.
Fraud management and law enforcement
We may be obligated to release information if it’s reasonable for the purpose of protecting us against fraud, defending our rights or property, or to protect our legitimate interests or the interests of our customers.
Traffic data
Account information
Financial details
Legitimate interest
Network Security
We’ll process your traffic data in order to protect and detect misuse or damage to our networks or to detect and resolve fraudulent use of our networks (and our partner roaming networks) and to solve technical issues you’re experiencing.
Anonymous and aggregated contact details or credential related information
Traffic data
Legitimate interest
Physical Security
We may use CCTV footage to safeguard our stores and sites.
Images
Video footage
Legitimate interest
Where applicable, we share information about you with:
Companies in the Vodafone Group;
Partners, suppliers or agents involved in delivering the products and services you’ve ordered or used;
Companies who are engaged to perform services for, or on behalf of, Vodafone Limited, or Vodafone Group;
Credit reference, fraud-prevention or business-scoring agencies, or other credit scoring agencies;
Debt collection agencies or other debt-recovery organisations;
Law enforcement agencies, government bodies, regulatory organisations, courts or other public authorities if we have to, or are authorised to by law;
A third party or body where such disclosure is required to satisfy any applicable law, or other legal or regulatory requirement;
Emergency services (if you make an emergency call), including your approximate location;
Third parties for joint promotions with that third party (including third party who provide offers on VeryMe Rewards); They’ll be responsible for their own compliance with applicable privacy laws;
Partner organisations we’ve carefully chosen so they can contact you about their products and services (which may or may not include Vodafone products and services); We’ll ask for your consent before sharing this information;
Other third parties when you’re signing up to their service and it’s used by them for authentication and fraud-prevention purposes;
Third parties that we advertise with in order to serve you advertisements online (e.g. Facebook, Google, Twitter, Amazon). You can opt-out of this by managing your account permissions; To do this see the
Your Rights
section below;
Third parties that we use to serve you marketing, for example, MailChimp.
You may connect third party devices to your SIM, either manually via a SIM card or electronically through our OneNumber product. These include mobile phone devices or connected devices such as smart speakers or smart watches.
When you connect your SIM to these devices those third parties may record your SIM details or your interaction with the network. The third party device manufacturers will process your personal data in accordance with their privacy policies and we recommend that you read these before choosing to connect.
We may need to transfer your information to other Vodafone Group companies (for instance, our Vodafone Intelligence Solutions centres located in Egypt, Hungary, Albania and India, who provide customer support) or service providers in countries outside the European Economic Area (EEA). The EEA consists of countries in the European Union, Switzerland, Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway: they’re considered to have equivalent laws when it comes to data protection and privacy. This kind of data transfer may happen if our servers (i.e. where we store data) or our suppliers and service providers are based outside the UK, or if you use our services and products while visiting countries outside this area.
If Vodafone sends your information to a country that is not in the EEA, we’ll make sure that your information is properly protected. We’ll always conduct a transfer impact assessment and ensure that there’s a proper legal agreement that covers the data transfer. In addition, if the country isn’t considered to have laws that are equivalent to UK data protection standards or deemed adequate by the European Commission (
see a list of adequacy decisions
), then we’ll implement additional technical security and organisational safeguards such as asking the third party to enter into a legal agreement containing
Standard Contractual Clauses
approved by the European Commission that reflects those standards.
We’ll store your information for as long as we must by law. If there’s no legal requirement, we’ll only store it for as long as we need to. We’ll keep some personal information for a reasonable period after your contract with us has finished in case you decide to use our services again.
We, or one of our partners, may contact you about Vodafone services, or services provided by Vodafone Group companies and those of other companies which we think may interest you depending on your marketing preferences during this time, if you haven’t opted out of receiving marketing communications from us.
For information on how long we hold your personal data for, see our
retention schedule [PDF: 244KB]
We have specialised security teams who constantly review and improve our measures to protect your personal information from unauthorised access, accidental loss, disclosure or destruction.
Communications over the internet (such as emails) aren’t secure unless they’ve been encrypted. Your communications may go through a number of countries before being delivered, as this is the nature of the internet.
We can’t accept responsibility for any unauthorised access or loss of personal information that’s beyond our control.
We’ll never ask for your secure personal or account information by an unsolicited means of communication. You’re responsible for keeping your personal and account information secure and not sharing it with others.
Our website may provide links to third-party websites. We can’t be responsible for the security and content of such third-party websites. So, make sure you read that company’s privacy and cookies policies before using or putting your personal information on their site.
The same applies to any third-party websites or content you connect to using our products and services.
You may choose to disclose your information in certain ways such as social plug-ins (including those offered by Google, Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest) or using third-party services that allow you to post reviews or other information publicly, and a third party could use that information.
Social plug-ins and social applications are operated by the social network themselves and are subject to their own terms of use and privacy and cookies policies. You should make sure you’re familiar with these.
We set out details on how you can exercise your rights. If you have a question and can’t find the answer, please contact our
Customer Services
team or use our
privacy query form
and a member of our dedicated team will respond to you.
Please note:
the privacy query form isn’t for Subject Access Requests (SARs). To raise a Subject Access Request, please fill in the
Subject Access Request form
Right to correct personal data
You have the right to correct information held about you if it’s not accurate. If the information we hold about you is inaccurate or needs to be updated, you can log in to
My Vodafone
to update it or you can contact our
Customer Services
team.
Right to access personal data
You have the right to make a request for a copy of the personal data that Vodafone holds about you. To make this request as an individual or an authorised third party, visit our
Subject Access Request page
, which gives details on how to do this. Alternatively, you can contact our
Customer Services
team. We’ll take reasonable steps to confirm your identity before issuing any copy of your personal information.
Right to data portability
You have the right to be able to take with you the personal data you provided to us in certain circumstances. For example, Vodafone ensures that you can take your data with you by allowing you to download your monthly bills, at the click of a button, in the format of your choice. In order to do this, log in to
My Vodafone
and go to your billing area.
Right to object to processing where we rely on our legitimate interests:
You have the right, in certain circumstances, to object to Vodafone processing your personal information. For more information or to exercise this right, please contact our
Customer Services
team. If this relates to an automated decision performed on you (this means with no human involvement), please let us know and we’ll review your request.
Right to restrict use of your data
If you feel data we hold on you is inaccurate, or you believe we shouldn’t be processing your data, please contact our
Customer Services
team to discuss your rights. In certain circumstances, you have the right to ask us to restrict processing.
Right to erasure
Vodafone strives to only process and retain your data for as long as we need to. In certain circumstances you have the right to request that we erase personal data of yours that we hold. If you feel that we’re retaining your data longer than we need, it’s worth first checking that your contract with Vodafone has been terminated, which you can do with
Customer Services
. If your contract with Vodafone has been terminated, we may still have lawful grounds to process your personal data. For more information on retention periods, see the section in this privacy policy called
How long we keep your personal information for
.
To opt out of marketing messages
If you no longer want to receive marketing messages from Vodafone, you can choose to opt out of all marketing communications or only selected methods (email, SMS MMS, phone or post) at any time. If you’ve previously opted in to receive personalised content based on how and where you use our network, you can also opt out at any time.
The easiest way to opt out is by using our marketing preferences page, found under your
My Vodafone
account settings. This page will also provide you with the ability to opt out or into receiving personalised marketing. There are also various other ways to opt out:
Contact our Customer Services team –
see the contact us page
Click the link at the end of a marketing email, text or picture message to unsubscribe from that channel
Change your communication preferences by
texting the relevant code from this table
Tell the adviser if you receive a marketing call
Disable push notification messages, including marketing messages, at any time in our apps by changing the notification settings on your device or by uninstalling the app
Contact our
Customer Data team
for guidance
If you’re opted out of marketing, you may still receive service-related messages.
Please note:
You may still receive marketing messages for a short period after opting out while we update our records. In some cases, you may receive marketing from Vodafone even if you’re not a customer or have never had contact with us. This is a result of third-party marketing lists which Vodafone may acquire from time to time, stating that you have given permission to be contacted by other organisations. If you’ve registered with us to opt out of marketing from Vodafone, you shouldn’t receive such communications. If you still do, we ask that you let us know immediately by contacting our
Customer Data team
. This will only stop marketing from us and not stop the third parties from sharing your data unless you contact them directly.
To manage cookies and understand more about what they are
Want to disable a cookie, or understand more about what these are? Check the
Cookies
section of the Privacy Portal for full details on how to do this.
To opt out of Vodafone Analytics, or to understand what it means for you
While it can’t identify or contact you, it’s your choice whether you’re included. Please see the
Vodafone Analytics
page.
How to lodge a complaint
If you want to contact us about any of your rights or complain about how we use your information, please use our
privacy query form
and a member of our dedicated team will respond to you. Alternatively, you can contact our
Customer Services
team – we’ll do our best to help but if you’re still unhappy, you can contact the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO). Their website
ico.org.uk
has details on how to
contact the ICO
Privacy and our products and services
Find out what information we collect when you use your mobile phone or tablet.
Find out what information is collected by our mobile apps, including the My Vodafone app.
Find out what types of information we collect when you use your home phone or broadband.
Find out what types of information we collect when you use your business phone or broadband.
Cookie policy
Our cookies policy
This section is about what cookies are, how we use them and how you can manage them.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small files that are stored on your device when you visit a website. The cookies mean that the website will remember you and how you've used the site every time you come back.
If you want to know more about cookies, head to
aboutcookies.org
or
allaboutcookies.org
(please note: these links open a new window or browser tab).
How we use cookies
We use cookies to do a number of things. For example, remembering your preferences, recording what you've put in your shopping basket, or counting the number of people looking at a website. We also use them to keep track of what you've bought from us, what you've done on the site, and to make advertising more relevant to you.
Cookies have a unique alphanumeric identifier that sits on your browser. In many cases, we won’t be able to link the information we collect by using a cookie back to you. They can, however, enable us to link that information back to you and your personal information, for instance, when you log in, or choose to register for a service, white paper or newsletter. For example, we may use web analytics to determine which ISP your IP address uses for browsing which can then be used to personalise the communications you receive from us (if you are opted into receiving personalised communications). For further information on how we use your information please see our
Privacy Policy
We have categorised our cookies into the following categories:
Strictly necessary – these are used to help make our website work efficiently.
Performance – these are used to analyse the way our website works and how we can improve it.
Functionality – these help to enhance your experience by doing things like remembering products you've added to your basket.
Targeting/advertising – these are used to share some information with third parties who we advertise with, so we know how you've reached our website and to be able to reconcile at an aggregate level with our affiliate partners. We can also use cookies to identify the parts of the website that you are interested in. We then use this information to show you adverts and pages we think may also be of interest to you, to tailor how we communicate with you, or to tailor the contents of the communications we send to you. If you prefer, you can manage your cookies on our website. Tailoring of content means it includes information reflecting the interest you’ve shown in the content of our web pages, or offers or promotions that we think may interest you, and to improve how we respond to your needs.
Sometimes, other companies will add a cookie on our website to show you adverts and pages which may be of interest to you. Details on these, and how to opt out if you prefer, can be found in the ‘Third-party cookies’ section of this cookies policy.
In addition to the cookies we use on our websites, we also use cookies and similar technologies in some emails and push notifications we send to mobile devices from our apps. These help us to understand whether you have opened the email and how you have interacted with it. If you have enabled images, cookies may be set on your computer or mobile device. Cookies will also be set if you click on any link within the email.
We use a YouTube domain, youtube-nocookie.com, to embed certain videos on our website. This means that no cookies are deployed when loading a YouTube video from our website. However, when you play an embedded video, YouTube will place cookies that are required for the video to play.
We sometimes use persistent cookies as well as 'session-based' cookies. A 'persistent' cookie will remain for a period of time set for that cookie. A 'session-based' cookie is allocated only for the duration of your visit to our website and automatically expires when you close down your browser.
Cookies and you
To make a purchase online or sign up to services like My Vodafone or Vodafone Rewards on Pay as you go, you must have cookies enabled on your internet browser. Some of the more popular browsers are:
Internet Explorer
Firefox
Safari
Google Chrome
If you choose not to enable cookies, you’ll still be able to browse our website, but it will restrict some of the functionality of our website and what you can do.
First-party cookies
First-party cookies originate from the same domain as the website you’re currently visiting (in this case, vodafone.co.uk).
See our list of first-party cookies (shown later on in this cookies policy).
Third-party cookies
Third-party cookies originate from a domain that’s different to the website being visited. For example, when you visit our website, we may link to another company's website – like our Facebook or Twitter account, or a video from our YouTube page. We don't control how they use their cookies, so we suggest you check their website to see how they're using them or block the cookies via our “cookie settings” button.
Affiliates of the Vodafone Group with a different domain name may also place cookies on our website, to show you adverts or pages of other Vodafone Group companies that may be of interest to you. Details of these affiliates – and how to opt out – are included in our list of third parties (shown later on in this cookies policy) that may put cookies on our website.
You can control cookies in your browser, to enable or disable them. If you wish to restrict or block the cookies which are set by any website – including a Vodafone website – you can do this through the web browser settings for each web browser you use, on each device you use to access the internet. You can opt-out of each cookie category except strictly necessary cookies.
Information on controlling and deleting cookies, including on a wide variety of browsers, is also available at
allaboutcookies.org
Under the heading 'Cookies and you', we’ve also provided a few links for some of the more popular browsers – but check your particular browser and device for correct and up-to-date information.
Some services – My Vodafone, for example – may not function or may have more limited functionality if your web browser does not accept cookies. However, you can allow cookies from specific websites by making them 'trusted websites' in your web browser.
The Internet Advertising Bureau website –
Your Online Choices
– allows you to install opt-out cookies across different advertising networks.
If you do not wish to accept cookies from one of our emails, you can choose not to download any images or click on any links. You can also set your browser to restrict cookies or to reject them entirely. These settings will apply to all cookies whether included on websites or in emails. Sometimes, depending on your email or browser settings, cookies in an email may be automatically accepted (for example, when you've added an email address to your address book or safe senders list). For more information, refer to your email browser or device instructions.
What it's called
What it's used for
Type
JSESSIONID
SITESJSESSIONID
If you click back on your browser, our system knows what page you were looking at before.
1
PHPSESSID
Identifies and tracks your movement when you use our website.  Can store information you’ve inputted – like keeping you logged in between pages.
1
SameSite
Reduces the risk of cross-site request forgery attacks.
1
JSESSIONID
cobrowse_[siteId]
inqSession_[siteId]
inqState_[siteId]
inqVital_[siteId]
tcSrv_[siteId]
inqCA_[siteId]
inqLT_[siteId]
inqPc nuance-acif
Helps to load and support the function of Vodafone web chat.
Learn about these cookies on the Nuance website
1
LiSESSIONID
LithiumVisitor
VISITOR_BEACON
Let’s you log in to our website.
1
eupubconsent
Used by the IAB Europe Transparency and Consent Framework to store your consent to data collection. This cookie holds an encrypted consent string that vendors participating in the framework can read and use to understand your consent.
1
TSxxxxxxxxxx
TS01xxxxxxxxxx
Checks that the web browser you’re using is secure. This helps to keep our services secure.
1
CookiesSupported
Used by iCasework (a piece of software that records and manages data) to check if cookies are supported or allowed in your browser.
1
BIGipServer~couk~assets_live~couk_assets_live_https_pool
BIGipServer~couk~www_live~couk_www_live_https_pool
BIGipServer~login~prod1~login_prod1_pool
BIGipServer~myaccount~prod1~myaccount_prod1_pool
Makes sure user requests are sent to the correct server by managing sessions on load balanced servers.
1
AWSALB
AWSALBCORS
Used for load balancing on Amazon web servers.
1
AMCV_BB2A12535131457C0A490D45%40AdobeOrg
AMCVS_BB2A12535131457C0A490D45%40AdobeOrg
s_ecid
TEST_AMCV_COOKIE
Used by Adobe Marketing Cloud to provide the Visitor ID service. Uses JavaScript to store a unique visitor ID in an AMCV_###@AdobeOrg cookie on the domain of the website you’re visiting.
If you opt out of performance cookies, no data is sent to Adobe Analytics.
1
at_check
mbox
mboxEdgeCluster
Used for A/B testing and for critical content changes, like displaying critical content change messages or urgently changing page content.
1
ASP.NET_SessionId
If you want to browse our website privately, this cookie will keep your use of our website anonymous.
1
csrftoken
This cookie is associated with the Django web development platform for Python. It helps protect our website against a software attack on our web forms.
1
eShop-auth-prod1_id_token
eShop-auth-prod1_p_id_token
tobi_id_token
tobi_p_id_token
A token that’s used to approve calls to backend services.
1
REFERER
bc.visitor_token
nrContext2
Supports Vodafone’s contact channels. It’s needed so that you can see our frequently asked questions and contact support using our TOBi chatbot.
1
incap_ses_*
visid_incap_XXXXXX
nlbi_XXXXXXX
These cookies help us with keeping our site secure and reliable.
1
OptanonAlertBoxClosed
OptanonConsent
Used by OneTrust Consent manager to tell if a cookie banner should be displayed. It’s based on if you’ve provided consent and when the consent was given.
1
utag_main
channelcloser
channeloriginator
channelflow
Used by the Tealium tag management system to apply scripts and pixels to our website.
1
CONSENTMGR
Remembers your cookie consent preferences.
1
token
An access token cookie that’s used for authentication.
1
XSRF-TOKEN
Helps with site security by preventing cross-site request forgery attacks.
1
OAM_REQ_0
OAM_REQ_COUNT
ObSSOCookie
Enables single sign-on when you log in from a company network. It’s associated with Oracle Access Manager.
1
_vapi
Confirms the use and delivery of different APIs.
1
__adal
__adal_ca
__adal_cw
__adal_id
__adal_ses
Collects information about how you use our website. We only use the information to improve how our website works and to understand what interests you.
2
aa_lastvisit
s_cc
s_fid
s_pers
s_plt
s_pvs
s_sess
s_tps
s_vi
S_nr
s_xxxx
pCounter
We use Adobe’s analytics and on-site personalisation services to measure the use and performance of our website. This may include information like how you reached one of our web pages, your IP address, and how you interact with our content.
Learn about how Adobe uses cookies on the Adobe website
2
aam_uuid
Adobe Audience Manager data management platform uses these cookies to assign a unique ID when you visit our website.
2
ADRUM_xxxx
Tracks errors and provides us with insight to improve your experience of our website.
2
smapi_install_id
smapi_session_id
smapi_subject_id
Cookie set by the SMAPI web performance monitoring tool.
2
lo-visits
lo-domain-check-xxxxxxxxxxxxx
Analyses visitor behaviour to help us make improvements to our website.
2
_ga
_ga_xxxxxxx
_gid
_gclxxxx
Identifies unique users by assigning a randomly generated number as a client identifier. Associated with Google Universal Analytics – a significant update to Google's more commonly used analytics service.
2
recentlyViewedPosts
References the most recently viewed post on Vodafone Forum.
2
___utmvxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Let’s us track your behaviour on our website and measure site performance. Allows us to customise what can be measured by creating custom visitor-level variables.
3
_gat_gtag_xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Measures your use of our website.
3
_gat_UA-XXXXXX-X
_gat_xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Used to throttle the request rate - limiting the collection of data on high traffic sites.
3
da_intState
da_lid
da_sid
Helps us understand how you use our website. This insight helps us improve our site.
3
VF_REQ_URI
If you log in, this cookie will redirect you to the page you were on before. It does this by storing the value of the last uniform resource identifier, like a webpage.
3
sc.ASP.NET_SESSIONID
sc.Status
SessionCamTestCookie
Used by Session Cam to record how you use our website. This helps us understand how you use our webpages.
3
kampyle_userid
kampylePageLoadedTimestamp
kampyleSessionPageCounter
kampyleUserSessionsCount
kampyleUserSession
kampyleUserPercentile
IpTestCookie
mdLogger
mdigital_alternative_uuid
Medallia customer survey tool.
Learn about Medallia’s privacy policy on the Medallia website
3
ValueSurveyVisitorCount
Stores how many times you’ve visited one of our surveys. This data is then used to decide when a survey should be shown on our website.
3
LithiumUserInfo
LithiumCookiesAccepted
LithiumUserSecure
Stops you from viewing secure pages and redirects to the login page.
3
ELOQUA
Collects contact information from our web forms and transfers to Vodafone’s internal databases.
3
vf_returning_visitor
Identifies if you're a consumer, business, corporate or public sector customer by logging how many times you've clicked on each section of our website.
When you land on our website, our system will remember what content should be automatically shown to you.
3
_schn
_schn1
_schn2
Cookie associated with Snapchat. It tracks your sessions on our website, allowing us to collect data from multiple visits. This data can be used to create leads for marketing purposes.
4
_scid
_scid_r
Cookie associated with Snapchat. Sets a unique ID for your visit, that allows third-party advertisers to target you with relevant adverts. This service is provided by third-party advert hubs, which allow real-time bidding for advertisers.
4
smc_spv
smc_tag
smc_tpv
smc_uid
smc_not
smc_refresh
smc_sesn
smc_session_id
smct_session
Tracks user behaviour and presents targeted adverts.
4
_cs_nnnnnnnnnnnnn
This is a ContentSquare cookie. Creates a session id when you visit our website.
4
lo-uid
An advertising exchange platform where online publishers can sell targeted advertising space to media buyers using real-time bidding.
4
_uetsid
_uetvid
Used by Bing to decide which adverts are relevant and should be shown when you’re browsing our website.
4
__atuvc
__atuvs
__atrfs
Let’s you create and share links to content across social networks. May also use the data collected to provide advertisers and marketers with profile information for targeted, behavioural advertising.
4
isBusinessMktg
Identifies if you’ve been targeted with specific marketing campaigns.
4
ELQSTATUS
Recognises and tracks your visits to our webpages.
4
_fbp
Used by Facebook to deliver advertising products, like real-time bidding from third-party advertisers.
4
Company
What it's called
More Information
Type
Amazon Web Service
AWSELB
AWSELBCORS
Used for load balancing on Amazon web servers.
1
ASP.NET
ASP.NET_SessionId
If you want to browse our website privately, this cookie will keep your use of our website anonymous.
1
General Platform
JSESSIONID
SITESJSESSIONID
If you click back on your browser, our system knows what page you were looking at before.
1
Google
_GRECAPTCHA
This cookie is set by Google reCAPTCHA to protect the site from spam and abuse on contact forms. By identifying and blocking malicious activities, it ensures the security of user data and enhances the overall user experience.
1
accdn.lpsnmedia.net
SameSite
Reduces the risk of cross-site request forgery attacks.
1
Adobe Visitor API
demdex
dextp
dpm
everest_session_v2
everest_g_v2
ev_sync_dd
Part of the Adobe Visitor API Service. This cookie completes tasks like visitor identification, ID synchronisation, segmentation, modelling and reporting.
1
CloudFoundry
__cf_bm
Supports Cloudflare Bot Management. As part of our bot management service, this cookie helps manage incoming traffic that matches criteria associated with bots.
1
Microsoft Azure
ApplicationGatewayAffinityCORS
ApplicationGatewayAffinity
Identifies when a request has come from a specific client, and then directs to a specific server. This means you’re directed to the right information when you use our website.
1
PayPal
ts
ts_c
x-csrf-jwt
If you use PayPal on our website, these cookies are needed to make the transaction safe.
1
NanoRep
REFERER
bc.visitor_token
Supports Vodafone’s contact channels. It’s needed so that you can see our frequently asked questions and contact support using our TOBi chatbot.
1
Nuance
SERVERID
JSESSIONID
inqPc
cobrowse_10006330
inqSession_10006330
inqState_10006330
inqVital_10006330
tcSrv_10006330
inqCA_10006330
inqLT_10006330
inqPc nuance-acif
Used to load and support the function of Vodafone web chat.
Learn about these cookies on the Nuance website
1
Datadog
_dd_s
Cookie used to group all events generated from a unique user session across multiple pages. It contains the current session ID, whether the session is excluded due to sampling, and the expiration date of the session. The cookie is extended for an extra 15 minutes every time the user interacts with the website, up to the maximum user session duration (4 hours).
2
Lolagrove
new_design
Identifies versions of our Pay as you go SIM page.
2
SessionCam
sc.ASP.NET_SESSIONID
sc.Status
SessionCamTestCookie
Helps us understand how you use our webpages.
2
Genesys
genesysJsCanary
Functional Cookie - Contains a placeholder string value that has no meaning. This cookie is created for determining the top-level domain name for cross-subdomain storage feature during genesys.js script initialisation and removed immediately in a few seconds. It is a temporary session cookie and does not persist like a normal cookie.
3
Nanorep
U
Used by our internal analytics tools, and to track engagement in Bold360 AI's reporting system.
Learn about Bold360 AI on the Genesys website
3
Nanorep
530F4410
Stores visits, last activity timestamp and engagement flags. If turned off, Bold360Ai's reporting doesn’t collect data.
3
RoEye Lantern
vodafone_lantern
lantern
Helps us understand how you use our website.
3
Medallia
kampyle_userid
kampylePageLoadedTimestamp
kampyleSessionPageCounter
kampyleUserSessionsCount
kampyleUserSession
kampyleUserPercentile
IpTestCookie
mdLogger
mdigital_alternative_uuid
A customer survey tool.
Learn about Medallia’s privacy policy on the Medallia website
3
AddThis
__atuvc
__atuvs
__atrfs
xtc
Let’s you create and share links to content across social networks. AddThis also uses the data collected to share profile information with advertisers and marketers for targeted, behavioural advertising.
4
AddThis
uvc
Used to check how often you use the AddThis tool.
4
AddThis
loc
If you share a link using the AddThis tool, this cookie will store where you were located when you shared the link.
4
Adform
C
Used to target you with adverts, checks how well the adverts work, and views your opt-out choices. Also checks if your browser accepts cookies.
Opt-out of this cookie on the Adform website
4
Amazon
ad-id
ad-privacy
Used by the Amazon Ad system to track your actions on different websites. This information is then used to target you with adverts.
Learn about Amazon’s privacy and cookie policies on the Amazon website
4
AppNexus
uuid2
Used for online advertising and services.
Learn about the AppNexus cookie policy on the Microsoft website
Manage your cookies on the Microsoft website
4
Bing
MUID
Used by Microsoft to measure clicks.
Read Microsoft’s privacy statement on the Microsoft website
4
Content Square
_cs_nnnnnnnnnnnnn
Used by Contentsquare to store your technical data.
Learn more about web tracking on the Contentsquare website
4
Doubleclick
IDE
test_cookie
Builds a profile of your interests, which is used to show you relevant adverts on other sites.
Change your personalised ad settings on the Google website
Manage and opt-out of Google DoubleClick and other third-party cookies
4
LinkedIn
AnalyticsSyncHistory
bcookie
bscookie
li_gc
li_sugr
lidc
UserMatchHistory
Identifies LinkedIn members through LinkedIn adverts.
Learn about LinkedIn’s cookie policy on the LinkedIn website
Opt-out of cookies on the LinkedIn website
4
Reddit, Inc
rdt_uuid
Enabling advertisers to measure conversions and optimize Ad performance.
4
Snapchat
sc_at
Used to deliver adverts, provide you with relevant content, and track advertising campaigns.
4
Snapchat
X-AB
Used to embed content from Snapchat.
4
X (formerly Twitter)
guest_id
guest_id_ads
guest_id_marketing
muc_ads
personalization_id
Used by X (formerly Twitter) to create targeted advertising.
Learn how X (formerly Twitter) uses cookies on the X website
4
Videology (Tidal TV)
sync-his
tidal_ttid
Records if you’ve seen or clicked on adverts provided by Videology.
Learn how Videology uses your personal data
Opt-out of interest-based ads on the Videology website
4
YouTube
YSC
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE
CONSENT
Tracks views of YouTube videos on our website. Measures your bandwidth to decide which YouTube interface to show you.
Learn how Google Analytics uses your data
To stop your data being used by Google Analytics,
use the Google opt-out tool
4
ELOQUA
ELOQUA
Used to deliver online marketing services.
Learn how Oracle uses cookies on the Oracle website
Opt-out of cookies on the Oracle website
4
Facebook
_fbp
Used by Facebook to deliver advertising products, like real-time bidding from third-party advertisers.
Learn about Facebook’s cookie policy on the Facebook website
4
online-metrix.net
thx_guid
This cookie can tell what kind of device you used to make an order on our website.
4
Spotify
DOAC Pixel
The pixel collects cookie and click data from users who interact with a Diary of a CEO ad and click through to the V-Hub Digital SOS URL. This data helps segment users by their visited pages and create lookalike audiences for similar campaigns or retarget them with future ads. It also tracks ad clicks to the web traffic for this page.
4
Your privacy rights
You have various rights in relation to your personal information. Find out more about them, including how you can exercise your rights.
Go to your My Vodafone account settings to manage your marketing preferences. See our Privacy Policy for more information.
Fraud prevention
You can ask us about how we use your details for fraud prevention when you take out your Vodafone agreement.
We may release details of your agreement with us to credit-reference agencies, debt-collection agencies and fraud-prevention agencies. This could include changes of address, payments made, account balances, missed payments, disputes and queries.
We, and other organisations, may also access and use this information to prevent fraud and money laundering for example, when checking details on applications for credit or other credit-related facilities, managing credit and credit-related accounts or facilities, recovering debt, checking details on proposals and claims for all types of insurance.
We, and other organisations, may also access and use any information recorded by fraud-prevention agencies from other countries.
Please
contact us
if you want to receive details of the relevant fraud prevention agencies.
1.  Before we provide services, goods or finances to you (as applicable), we undertake checks for the purposes of preventing fraud and money laundering, and to verify your identity. These checks require us to process personal data about you.
2.  The personal data you’ve provided, we’ve collected from you, or we’ve received from third parties will be used to prevent fraud and money laundering, and to verify your identity.
3.  Details of the personal information that will be processed include, for example: name, address, date of birth, contact details, financial information, employment details, device identifiers including IP address and vehicle details.
4.  We and fraud prevention agencies may also enable law enforcement agencies to access and use your personal data to detect, investigate and prevent crime.
5.  We process your personal data on the basis that we have a legitimate interest in preventing fraud and money laundering, and to verify identity, in order to protect our business and to comply with laws that apply to us. Such processing is also a contractual requirement of the services or financing you have requested.
6.  Fraud prevention agencies can hold your personal data for different periods of time, and if you are considered to pose a fraud or money laundering risk, your data can be held for up to six years.
7.  As part of the processing of your personal data, decisions may be made by automated means. This means we may automatically decide that you pose a fraud or money laundering risk if our processing reveals your behaviour to be consistent with money laundering or known fraudulent conduct, or is inconsistent with your previous submissions, or you appear to have deliberately hidden your true identity. You have rights in relation to automated decision making: if you want to know more please
submit your query
and a member of our dedicated team will respond to you, or if you would like to contact us by post, send it marked
The Privacy Team
to Vodafone House, The Connection, Newbury, Berkshire, RG14 2FN.
8.  If we, or a fraud prevention agency, determine that you pose a fraud or money laundering risk, we may refuse to provide the services you have requested, or to employ you, or we may stop providing existing services to you.
9.  A record of any fraud or money laundering risk will be retained by the fraud prevention agencies, and may result in others refusing to provide services, financing or employment to you.
10.  Whenever fraud prevention agencies transfer your personal data outside of the European Economic Area, they impose contractual obligations on the recipients of that data to protect your personal data to the standard required in the European Economic Area. They may also require the recipient to subscribe to ‘international frameworks’ intended to enable secure data sharing.
11.  Your personal data is protected by legal rights. If you want to know more or to exercise these, see the Your Rights section of the main
Privacy Policy
12.  We want to ensure you have access to all the information you need to understand how we manage fraud prevention and your personal data. If you have any questions, please
submit your query
and a member of our dedicated team will respond to you, or if you would like to contact us by post, send it marked
The Privacy Team
to Vodafone House, The Connection, Newbury, Berkshire, RG14 2FN.
How to contact us
If you have any questions about our privacy policy or your privacy settings, please submit your query and a member of our dedicated team will respond to you.
Submit your privacy query
Manage your marketing preferences
Go to your My Vodafone account settings to manage your marketing preferences. If you’re unable to access My Vodafone, you can
chat with us
instead.
Manage privacy settings
Related links
Credit checks
Read more
Protecting you
Read more
Reporting fraud
Read more
Vodafone Analytics
Read more