Issued: June 3, 2024
Version: 3.9
Thank you for your interest in our online offer. Protecting your data is important to us. So, at this point, we would therefore like to explain to you which personal data we process for what purpose and in what form when you use our offers.
This policy applies to the apps operated by Spiele-Palast GmbH.
1. Responsible contact person
The contact person and so-called controller for the processing of your personal data when you use our app in accordance with the EU General Data Processing Regulation (GDPR) is
Spiele-Palast GmbH, Boxhagener Str. 106, DE-10245 Berlin.
Should you have any questions or suggestions regarding data protection, please do not hesitate to contact us personally. Our contact details are:
Letter:
Spiele-Palast GmbH
Boxhagener Str. 106
DE-10245 Berlin
Email:
support@palace-of-cards.com
support@skat-palast.de
support@doppelkopf-palast.de
support@schafkopf-palast.de
support@mau-mau-palast.de
support@rummy-palace.com
support@solitaire-palace.com
support@canasta-palace.com
support@pinochle-palace.com
support@spider-palace.com
support@whist-palace.com
support@ginrummy-palace.com
If you have any questions about data protection in connection with our offers or the use of our apps, you can also contact our data protection officer at any time. They can be contacted via the above postal address and at the email address
datenschutz@spiele-palast.de
(keyword: “To data protection officer”).
2. Data security
We maintain state-of-the-art technical measures to guarantee data security, in particular to protect your personal data from risks during data transmission and against unauthorised third parties acquiring knowledge of your data. All passwords are encrypted using the SHA256 algorithm and an individual salt.
3. Use of our apps
3.1 Processing when using the apps without registration
You can also use our apps without registering by using an anonymous profile. Here, too, personal data are already being processed.
For use without registration, the apps generate a device-specific identifying code the first time they are opened after installation. This code cannot be assigned to a specific data subject. In addition, the operating system used (e.g. Android or iOS), the host name of the accessing terminal device (IP address) and the time of the server request are processed for the technical display of the specified contents.
The functionality of the Internet technically requires that the IP address be stored at least in the short term. The IP addresses are deleted or anonymised after processing. In the case of anonymisation, the IP addresses are changed in such a way that the data subject cannot or can no longer be identified. A location determination is carried out on the basis of the anonymised IP address. For data protection reasons, this only goes as far as the geographical level of the country from which the request originates. This makes it impossible to draw any conclusions about the specific location or place of residence of a user.
The data in technical protocols (so-called log files) are evaluated by us in anonymised form in order to further improve our apps and to make them more user-friendly as well as finding and correcting errors more quickly.
The data processing is necessary so that you can inform yourself about the contents of our apps. The legal basis is Article 6(1)(b) of the GDPR. The processing of the specified data is required for the provision of the contents. Otherwise you will be unable to use the apps as desired.
3.2. Processing when using apps with registration
You can use the apps with or without registration. You can log in using your Facebook social network account to further personalise the apps. It is also possible to upload a profile picture and choose a username. This is solely on an optional basis.
The user can carry out this personalisation in the apps via integrated social media services. We use the “Facebook Sign In” service for this (from Facebook Inc., 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, California, 94025, USA).
When you participate in an online game, we collect and use additional data, insofar as these are required for the secure and fast execution and personalisation of the online game (“game data” such as profile name, profile picture, friends list, scores, moves, game history, participation in leagues, membership in clubs, status of the premium membership). Since our online games also offer a multi-player experience, this also includes the publication of game data (e.g. game status, player name, club, rounds played, rating, platform, game statistics and, if applicable, profile picture) for friends or other players. We use the email address as a means of communication with you. We collect and use performance data to ensure our games’ stability. In addition, we collect and use registration, game and access data insofar as these are required for billing for playing the online games. The legal basis is Article 6(1)(b) of the GDPR.
Please note that when using the Facebook Sign In, your data can also be transmitted to Facebook servers in the USA. There is currently no decision by the EU Commission that the US provides an adequate level of data protection.
There is a link between the apps and the Facebook account. From the provider, we store and process the provider’s full name, email address, profile picture, ID and token, as well as a list of your friends who also use our apps. For a person to appear on the Friends list, both must have chosen to share their Friends list with the apps and must not have disabled this permission during registration. These advanced personalisation features are optional and you can remove the personalisation or connection to the social media services from the app at any time. The purpose and scope of the data collection and the further processing and use of the data by the social media providers as well as your associated rights and setting options to protect your privacy can be found in the Facebook
data policy
.
Please note that when you log in via Facebook, data are transferred to the Facebook servers. If you are logged in to Facebook at this time with your username and password, the information that you are visiting our app will be transferred there and assigned to your user account. In principle, we have no influence on data processing on Facebook. However, we do receive statistics from Facebook about the use of and visits to our apps. Consequently, we share certain parameters with Facebook about our company and the offers on our apps. Facebook uses this information to generate more detailed statistics. Facebook may also use the data for its own purposes over which we have no control. Further information can be found in the Facebook data policy linked above. You may address your requests for information regarding data processing within the scope of logging in via Facebook to us via the contact data given in section 1. We will then inform you about the data we have collected and the data transmitted to us as well as their further processing and implement your rights as exercised against us. Should you also wish to assert rights against Facebook, the easiest way to do so is to contact Facebook directly. Facebook knows both the details of the technical operation of the platform and the associated data processing as well as the specific purposes of the data processing and can, at your request, implement appropriate measures if you exercise your rights. The contact details can be found in the data policy linked above.
There is also the option of registering by email. To do this, you must create an account by entering your email address, a password of your choice and your freely definable player name. It is not compulsory to use your real name, i.e. pseudonymous participation in the game is possible. If you wish, you may also upload a profile picture. After registration is complete, we create your account. To do this, we store your email address, your encrypted password and your player names. If you have uploaded an image, we will also save it.
The legal basis for the aforementioned transmission and processing of your data by us is Article 6(1)(1)(b) of the GDPR. If you do not wish to log in, the described functions cannot be used, but basic use of the apps is still possible.
In addition, on the basis of Article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR, we store the country of origin of the IP address that you used for registration for the purpose of evaluating the reach of our online games and in which countries the players of our online games are located.
3.3. User Data Deletion
You can prompt the deletion of any saved data within any of our games. To do so, log in and, under the button
Create Table
, click
Data Privacy
in white font. Select
Delete Data
in the opened menu and confirm that you want to delete all your data with us. The result of deleting all data is the deletion of your account in the game. Your account will be flagged for deletion across all our games and irrevocably deleted after 14 days. But if you log in with this account during that time, the flag is removed, and your account will not be deleted.
Alternatively, you can send an e-mail with the headword
Termination
to
support@palace-of-cards.com
and request to delete your account.
4. Push notifications
The apps use iOS and Android push notifications which can be deactivated at any time.
The push notifications are used to remind the player of information such as the day bonus or when a tournament starts for which a player has registered. In addition, our app uses remote push notifications for such cases where we do not already know in the app that they will occur, e.g. if another player has bought something for you or if we want to inform you about a sales promotion. For remote push notifications, we have implemented the services of Google and Apple ourselves, i.e. we do not use any third-party services here. The legal basis is Article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR, based on our interest in making users aware of our content and reminding them of this for important events such as tournaments.
Below we explain how push notifications are activated or deactivated – for the separate mobile operating systems for which we offer the app.
a) iOS
Open the “Settings” application in iOS and select the menu item “Notifications”. The following menu gives you an overview of all the apps installed on your device which have push notifications. Select the corresponding Spiele-Palast app. You can activate or deactivate the push notifications here.
b) Android
Open the “Settings” application in the Android operating system and select the “Notifications” menu item under “Sounds and notifications”. The following menu gives you an overview of all the apps installed on your device which have push notifications. Select the corresponding Spiele-Palast app. You can activate or deactivate the push notifications here. The names may differ slightly depending on the version of Android you are using.
5. Rights/Permissions
Some features require that the apps are able to access certain services and data on your device. Depending on the mobile operating system you are using, this may require your express access permission. Below, we explain which permissions the apps request and for what they are required – separately for each mobile operating system for which we offer the apps. The legal basis is Article 6(1)(a) of the GDPR, based on your consent or on Article 6(1)(b) of the GDPR, if the authorisation is required for operation of the app.
a) iOS
Push notifications: If you click OK to the “Allow push notifications” query, you allow the apps to use push notifications to refer to specific events and topics (e.g. sales promotions, tournament start), even if the apps are not currently open.
The notifications can be by means of tones, messages and/or symbol identifiers (a picture or number on the app icon).
Mobile data: This function enables the apps to download and update data outside a WLAN network via mobile data connections (e.g. GSM, UMTS or LTE).
Access to media: This function enables the uploading of an avatar. When uploading, this is requested and may be rejected.
b) Android
In addition to the standard permissions to run Android apps (such as receipt of Internet access or the ability of the device to vibrate; also called “normal permissions” by Google), we request the following permissions:
Access to media: This function enables the uploading of an avatar. When uploading, this is requested and may be rejected.
6. Participation in online games
6.1.
When you participate in an online game, we collect and use additional data, insofar as these are required for the secure and fast execution and personalisation of the online game (“game data” such as profile name, profile picture, friends list, scores, moves, game history, participation in leagues, membership in clubs, status of the premium membership). Since our online games also offer a multi-player experience, this also includes the publication of game data (e.g. game status, player name, club, rounds played, rating, platform, game statistics and, if applicable, profile picture) for friends or other players. We use the email address as a means of communication with you. We collect and use performance data to ensure our games’ stability. In addition, we collect and use registration, game and access data insofar as these are required for billing for playing the online games. The legal basis is Article 6(1)(b) of the GDPR.
6.2.
If you play the online game Pinochle Palace or Whist Palace, please note that we use the Unity technology for this from Unity Technologies (30 3rd Street, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA). This will involve Unity Technologies collecting some or all of the following information about your device: unique device identifiers (e.g. IDFV for iOS devices and Android ID for Android devices); IP address; country where the installation was performed (based on IP address); device manufacturer and model platform type (iOS, Android, Mac, Windows, etc.) and operating system and version running on your system or device; language; CPU information such as model, number of CPUs present, frequency and instruction set support flags; graphics card type and vendor name; graphics card driver name and version (e.g. “nv4disp.dll 6.10.93.71”); which graphics API is used (e.g. “OpenGL 2.1” or “Direct3D 9.0c”); the amount of existing system and video RAM; the current screen resolution; the version of the Unity Editor used to create the game; sensor flags (e.g. device support for gyroscope, contact pressure or acceleration sensor); application or bundle identification (“App-ID”) of the installed game; unique advertising identifiers for iOS and Android devices (e.g. IDFA or Android Ad ID); and a checksum of all sent data to ensure that it has been transmitted correctly.
This data processing helps us to make our games more attractive and to adjust our monetisation services in terms of user satisfaction. The legal basis for the data processing described here is Article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR, based on our aforementioned legitimate interest.
In the event that personal data is transferred outside the European Economic Area (EEA) to countries with a level of data protection not considered adequate by the European Commission, we and Unity Technologies have taken appropriate measures, in particular the conclusion of
standard contractual clauses
, which are provided by the European Commission to protect your personal data. A copy of these measures can be obtained at
DPO@unity3d.com
.
You can opt-out of this data collection by Unity Technologies by clicking on the “Unity Data” button under the “Data Protection” item in the menu. You will then be forwarded to the Unity Technologies privacy settings. Pressing the “OPT-OUT” button will deactivate data collection by Unity Technologies.
More information on this can be found in Unity Technologies’
data policy
as well as in the
data protection FAQs
.
6.3.
In order to offer safe and fair gaming to all users, we make reasonable use of playing, registration and access data (e.g. IP addresses) in order to detect unusual activity or conduct that we know from experience indicates fraudulent or abusive use of our online games (e.g. suspicious reaction behaviour indicating the use of bots or cheats, or multiple logins from different devices at the same time). We also use this data to investigate complaints we receive from other users. In cases of suspected fraud or abuse, we may temporarily suspend your player account in order to protect you, other users and/or Spiele-Palast from fraud or abuse. If this happens, Spiele-Palast will inform you on your next login attempt of the suspension and, if applicable, any information or steps required to lift the suspension. The legal basis is Art. 6(1) Sentence 1(f) GDPR, based on our and our users’ legitimate interest in preventing fraud and abuse.
7. Chargeable content
You can add paid content (“premium content”) to our online games. Should you wish to purchase premium content, you will be required to enter your payment details. We have commissioned the following service providers to process the following payment methods:
for payment via Sofortüberweisung: Sofort GmbH, Theresienhöhe 12, DE-80339 Munich
for payment via PayPal: PayPal (Europe) Sà r.l. et Cie, S.C.A, 22-24 Boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg
for payment via Boku: Boku Payments Inc, 735 Battery Street, 2nd Floor, San Francisco, CA 94111, USA
for payment via DaoPay: DaoPay GmbH, Hackhofergasse 5/14, AT-1190 Vienna, Austria
for payment via Facebook: Facebook Payments International Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin, 2 Ireland
for payment via Google Play: Google Payment Limited, Belgrave House, 76 Buckingham Palace Road, London SW1W 9TQ, UK
for payment via Amazon: Amazon Media EU Sà r.l. (Société à responsabilité limitée), 5 Rue Plaetis, L-2338 Luxembourg
for payment via Apple iTunes Store: Apple Distribution International, Hollyhill Industrial Estate, Hollyhill, Cork, Ireland
for payment via Steam: Valve Corporation, 10500 NE 8th Street, Suite 1000, Bellevue, WA 98004-4345, USA
for payment via Microsoft Store: Microsoft Corporation, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, WA 98052-6399, USA
All information that you provide to the aforementioned service providers in the context of payment processing will not be transferred to us by them. We only receive information that payment for the respective Spiele-Palast GmbH offer has been made by the respective buyer.
8. Chat with other players
8.1.
Some of our online games may offer you the opportunity to chat directly with other players and friends. Chat logs are stored here as follows: There are three different types of chat: 1. Public chats at the gaming table, 2. Club chats and 3. Private chats between individual players. We create chat logs for chats of type 1. (public at the gaming table) and type 2. (club chat), but not for type 3. There is also automated recognition of expletives with no. 1 (public chats at the gaming table), which can result in a warning or temporary suspension for the player. The chat logs are automatically deleted within 30 days. The legal basis for processing the chat logs is Article 6(1)(1)(b) of the GDPR. In the event of legitimate interest (e.g. insults or other improper or punishable behaviour), we also store individual chats for longer. The legal basis is Article 6(1)(1)(f) of the GDPR. Our interest is in protecting our players from insulting and other inappropriate comments.
8.2.
Messages sent via the “Private chat” function are only visible to the recipient you have selected. Messages sent via the “Club chat” function are only visible to the members of the respective club.
9. Google Analytics and Firebase
9.1. Google Analytics
Our apps use Google Analytics, an analytics service provided by Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (“Google”). Google Analytics uses technologies to analyse and improve our apps based on your user behaviour. The data resulting in this context can be transmitted by Google to a server in the USA for evaluation and stored there. In the event that personal data are transferred to the USA, Google is contractually committed to us to provide an appropriate level of data protection in accordance with the
EU standard contractual clauses
. However, your IP address is truncated before the usage statistics are evaluated, so no conclusions can be drawn about your identity. For this purpose, Google Analytics was extended in our apps by the code “anonymizeIP” in order to guarantee the anonymised collection of IP addresses.
Google will process the information obtained via the analyses in order to evaluate your use of the app, to compile reports on the activities for the app operators and to provide further services associated with the use of the app and the Internet. We use Google Analytics to analyse usage behaviour and for evaluation of the associated data in order to adapt our apps accordingly. The legal basis for this data processing is Article 6(1)(1)(f) of the GDPR.
You can configure our apps such that Google Analytics is not used. Use the “Tracking data” button in the data protection window of our app. This will prevent Google Analytics from collecting data on this app in the future (the opt-out only works on this particular device). If you wish to delete the data in our app, you must use this button again.
More information on this can be found in Google’s
privacy policy
.
9.2. Google Analytics for Firebase
We also use the analytics service “Google Analytics for Firebase”, which is offered by Google Ireland Limited (Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, “Google”). It processes technical usage data (e.g. IP address of your device, installation data such as the app version and time of installation, information on the content and functions you use, information on clicks, duration of use and information on your device such as device model and operating system). The information is collecting in pseudonymous form using so-called identifiers, e.g. in the form of the Apple Advertising ID or the Android Ad ID. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of our websites and apps on our account, compiling statistical reports on general usage patterns for us and providing other services associated with use and internet usage for purposes of market research and tailoring our offerings to meet customer needs. As part of the reports, Google may also provide us with statistical data regarding the age structure of our users and other compiled demographic data. In the event that personal data is transferred to the USA, Google is contractually committed to us to provide an appropriate level of data protection in accordance with the
EU standard contractual clauses
.
The legal basis for this data processing is Article 6(1)(1)(f) of the GDPR.
You can configure our app such that Google Analytics for Firebase is not used. Use the “Tracking data” button in the data protection window of our app. This will prevent Google Analytics for Firebase from collecting data on this app in the future (the opt-out only works on this particular device). If you wish to delete the data in our app, you must use this button again.
Further information can be found in Firebase’s
privacy policy
.
10. Analysis via Adjust
To improve our apps, we use the services of “Adjust” (adjust GmbH, Saarbrücker Str. 38a, DE-10405 Berlin, Germany) for the apps on iOS and Android.
These processes take place anonymously or using pseudonyms, but never with direct association to a data subject. We would like to explain these technologies to you in more detail below. For this purpose, in addition to usage data, the following data may be processed: IP address, MAC address, mobile identifier depending on your mobile device such as iOS IDFA and IDFV, Android ID or Google Advertising ID (if Google Play services have been activated on your mobile device). The data will be transferred to an Adjust server where they are stored and evaluated. The corresponding results will be returned to us in anonymised form. Working with our partner Adjust, we use the information to tailor our advertising to you and your interests, to evaluate the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and to better understand user behaviour after you have viewed a particular advertisement and then downloaded our mobile app. In addition, Adjust enables us to track certain events such as creating a user account, reaching 20 game rounds, completion of a purchase.
Further information about Adjust can be found at
https://www.adjust.com/privacy-policy/
and at
https://www.adjust.com/gdpr/
.
You have the option to object to such analysis of your usage behaviour at any time by visiting the website
https://www.adjust.com/opt-out/
, selecting the terminal to which the objection applies and specifying the identifier of your mobile terminal (opt-out). Adjust will immediately terminate the corresponding usage tracking. If you have further questions about the opt-out, contact
privacy@adjust.com
or
legal@adjust.com
. Alternatively, you can use the “Tracking data” button in the data protection window of our app. This will prevent Adjust collecting data within our app in the future (the opt-out only works on this particular device). If you wish to delete the data in our app, you must use this button again.
The legal basis is Article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR, based on our legitimate interest in the analysis of the usage behaviour to improve and further develop the app.
11. Online advertising
11.1. Facebook app events
For marketing purposes, our apps use so-called conversion and retargeting tags (also “Facebook Analytics” or “Facebook App Events”) from the social network Facebook, a service offered by Facebook Inc., 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, California 94025, USA (“Facebook”). We use Facebook Pixel to analyse the general use of our apps and to track the effectiveness of Facebook advertising (“conversion”). In addition, we use the Facebook pixels to show you individualised advertising messages based on your interest in our products (“retargeting”). For this, Facebook processes data that the service collects on our apps. However, data processing only takes place when the purchase process has begun at Spiele-Palast or a purchase has been completed.
Please note that the data resulting in this context can be transmitted by Facebook to a server in the USA for evaluation and processed there. There is currently no decision by the EU Commission that the US provides an adequate level of data protection. In particular, there is a risk that your data processed by Facebook in the USA may be collected by US security authorities also without a court order or legal protection.
If you are a member of Facebook and Facebook has permitted it via your account’s
privacy settings
, Facebook may also link the information we collect from your visit to us to your member account and use it to target Facebook ads. You can view and change the privacy settings of your Facebook profile at any time. If you are not a member of Facebook, you can stop processing of your information by clicking the “Tracking data” button in the data protection window of our app. This will prevent Facebook App Events collecting data within our app in the future (the opt-out only works on this particular device). If you wish to delete the data in our app, you must use this button again.
If you disable data processing by Facebook, Facebook will only display general Facebook ads that are not selected based on the information collected about you.
More information on this can be found in Facebook’s
data policy
.
11.2. Google Ads conversion tracking and remarketing
Our websites and apps use the conversion tracking and remarketing Google Ads services of Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland („Google“). Google Ads is used by us to capture specific customer actions (such as clicking on an advertisement, page views, downloads and purchases) and to analyse them to display individualised advertising messages within the Google advertising network (such as Google Search, Play Store, YouTube, or third-party websites and apps). Google uses cookies and similar technologies for this purpose. The data resulting in this context can be transmitted by Google to a server in the USA for evaluation and stored there. In the event that personal data are transferred to the USA, Google is contractually committed to us to provide an appropriate level of data protection in accordance with the
EU standard contractual clauses
.
If you use a Google account, Google may – depending on the settings saved in your Google account – link your web and app browser history with your Google account and use information from your Google account in order to personalise advertisements. If you do not wish for this allocation to the Google account, it will be necessary for you to log out before visiting our website at Google. As set out above, you can so configure your browser that it rejects cookies. You can also turn off “ad personalization” on
Google’s ad settings page
. Once you’ve turned off ad personalization, Google will only display general Google ads that are not selected based on the information collected about you. More information on this can be found in Google’s
ads and data section
and in Google’s
privacy policy
.
12. Recipient of the data
The data collected by us will only be transferred if this is necessary to fulfil the contract or for provision of the technical functionality of the apps or if there is another legal basis for transferring the data.
12.1.
A portion of the data processing can be conducted by our service providers. In addition to the service providers mentioned in this privacy policy, this may include data centres that store our apps and databases, IT service providers which maintain our systems and consulting firms. Should we transfer data to service providers, they may use the data solely for the fulfilment of their tasks. We have carefully selected and commissioned the service providers. They are contractually bound by our instructions and have appropriate technical and organisational measures in place to protect the rights of the data subjects.
12.2.
For the technical provision of our website, online games and backend systems we use server services (e.g. application hosting, database server) from Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL, 38 Avenue John F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg (“AWS”), which processes our data on our account. Data processing by AWS takes place in a computer centre within the EU. In exceptional cases, the parent company of AWS (Amazon Web Services, Inc. 410 Terry Avenue North Seattle WA 98109, USA) may also access the data for maintenance purposes. In the event that data has to be transferred to the USA, Amazon Web Services, Inc. is contractually committed to us to provide an appropriate level of data protection in accordance with the
EU standard contractual clauses
.
Further information can be found in AWS’s
data policy
.
12.3.
Since our online games offer a multi-player experience, in some of our online games certain game data (e.g. player name, club, rating, game statistics and, if applicable, profile picture) is published on our website and in our online games for all users in the form of highscore lists, live statistics or in similar form, in order to give them a realistic impression of the game activity and level of play. The legal basis is Article 6(1)(b) of the GDPR.
12.4.
In addition, a transfer may occur in connection with official enquiries, court decisions and legal proceedings if required for legal prosecution or enforcement.
13. Newsletter
You have the opportunity to subscribe to our newsletter, in which we provide you with regular information about innovations to our products and campaigns.
You can subscribe to our newsletter by registering on our app by email and then confirming your email address in the welcome email. The welcome email will once again make separate reference to the newsletter. However, use of the games offered by Spiele-Palast, does not require confirmation of the email address and therefore registration for the newsletter. You may unsubscribe from the newsletter at any time without incurring any costs other than the transmission costs in accordance with the basic tariffs. An “unsubscribe link” can be found in each newsletter. Notification via the contact data specified above or in the newsletter (e.g. by email or letter) is, of course, also sufficient. The legal basis for the processing is your consent as per Article 6(1)(a) of the GDPR.
In our newsletters we use commercially available technologies to measure interactions with the newsletters (e.g. opening of the email, clicked links). We use these data in pseudonymous form for general statistical evaluations as well as for the optimising and further development of our content and customer communication. This is done with the help of small graphics embedded in the newsletter (so-called pixels). The data are collected exclusively in pseudonymous form and are not associated in any way to your other personal data. The legal basis for this is our above-mentioned legitimate interest as per Article 6(1)(1)(f) of the GDPR. We want to use our newsletters to share content that is as relevant as possible to our customers and, as a result, to better understand what our readers are actually interested in. Should you not wish your usage behaviour to be analysed, you may unsubscribe from the newsletter or deactivate the graphics in your email program as standard. The data on the interaction with our newsletters are stored pseudonymously for 30 days and subsequently completely anonymised.
14. SendGrid as e-mail service provider
For the services on our app, we use the email delivery service provider “SendGrid” of SendGrid, Inc. (1801 California Street, Suite 500 Denver, Colorado 80202, USA). Two different types of emails are delivered using SendGrid. On the one hand, we use the service to send individual emails within the scope of contract performance (e.g. purchase confirmation, registration emails, password recovery emails). On the other hand, we also use the service to deliver our newsletter. In both cases, SendGrid receives the emails of the recipients from us. In some cases, additional data such as the player’s name or chip balance, as far as this is necessary for filling in placeholders in a newsletter. SendGrid acts as an email server and sends the information to the email addresses listed in the registration form. In the event that personal data are transferred to the USA, SendGrid is contractually committed to us to provide an appropriate level of data protection in accordance with the
EU standard contractual clauses
. The use of the SendGrid delivery service provider is based on our legitimate interests as per Article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR on the use of a user-friendly and secure newsletter system that serves both our business interests and the expectations of users.
More information on this can be found in the
data protection policy
from SendGrid and especially for the email delivery at
https://sendgrid.com/policies/email/
.
15. Storage period
In principle, we store personal data for only as long as is necessary to fulfil the contractual or statutory obligations for which we have collected the data. We then delete the data immediately, unless we need the data until the end of the statutory limitation period for purposes of evidence for civil claims or due to statutory retention obligations.
For evidence purposes, we must retain contract data for a further three years beyond the end of the year in which our business relationship with you is terminated. Any claims shall lapse after the statutory period of limitation at the earliest as of this date.
Even after that, we must still store some of your data for accounting reasons. We are obliged to do so on the basis of statutory documentation obligations that may arise from the German Commercial Code, the Fiscal Code of Germany, the German Banking Act, the German Money Laundering Act and the German Securities Trading Act. The periods specified therein for the retention of documents range from two to ten years.
Insofar as personal data is processed on the basis of legitimate interests pursuant to Article 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR, the personal data shall be deleted here at the latest when the legitimate interest in its processing no longer exists or the user requests the deletion of the data.
16. Your rights
You shall have the right to request information about our processing of your personal data at any time. Within the scope of providing information, we will explain the data processing and provide you with an overview of the data we have stored which relates to you. Should the data stored by us be incorrect or no longer up to date, you shall have the right to have these data corrected. You may also request that your data be deleted. If, in exceptional cases, deletion is not possible due to other legal regulations, the data shall be blocked such that they are only available for this statutory purpose. The processing of your data may also be restricted, for example if you believe that the data we have stored are incorrect. You also have the right to data portability, i.e. we will send you, on request, a digital copy of the personal data you have provided to us.
To exercise your rights as described here, you may contact us via the above contact details at any time. This shall also apply if you wish to receive copies of guarantees to prove an adequate level of data protection.
Finally, you shall have the right to complain to our data protection supervisory authority. You may exercise this right before a supervisory authority in the Member State in which you are resident or working, or in the location of the suspected infringement. In Berlin, the location of the registered office Spiele-Palast GmbH, the responsible supervisory authority is: Berlin Commissioner for Data Protection and Freedom of Information, Friedrichstr. 219, DE-10969 Berlin.
Right of revocation and objection
You have the right to revoke your consent at any time. The consequence of this is that we shall not continue processing data based on this consent in the future. The revocation of consent shall not affect the legality of the processing carried out on the basis of the consent prior to revocation.
Insofar as we process your data on the basis of legitimate interests, you shall have the right to object to the processing of your data at any time for reasons arising from your particular situation. Should you object to data processing for direct marketing purposes, you have a general right of objection, which we will implement without you giving any reasons. In the event of an objection to an automatic temporary suspension of your player account (see clause 6.3), you have the right to contest the suspension, to inform us of your own position, and to request that one of our employees manually review the suspension (also taking into account your point of view).
Should you wish to utilise your right of revocation or objection, an informal communication to the above-mentioned contact data is sufficient.
16.1.
You can prompt the deletion of any saved data within any of our games. To do so, log in and, under the button
Create Table
, click
Data Privacy
in white font. Select
Delete Data
in the opened menu and confirm that you want to delete all your data with us. The result of deleting all data is the deletion of your account in the game. Your account will be flagged for deletion across all our games and irrevocably deleted after 14 days. But if you log in with this account during that time, the flag is removed, and your account will not be deleted.
Alternatively, you can send an e-mail with the headword
Termination
to
support@palace-of-cards.com
and request to delete your account.
17. Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update this privacy policy from time to time, for example when we adapt our apps or change the statutory requirements.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245:
Skip to main content
Safeguarding your data
Laws protecting user privacy such as the
European Economic Area’s General Data Protection Regulation
and other privacy laws that establish various rights for applicable US-state residents impact content publishers, application developers, website visitors, and application users. See also
the Google privacy policy
and Google’s site for
customers and partners
. Currently such regulations apply to specific geographic regions, but publishers and application developers often implement controls that affect the experience of users in all regions.
Google is committed to protecting data confidentiality and security. It is important to understand your privacy options, whether in the role of a publisher or a consumer. This page provides information on data collection and security for:
Content publishers and app developers (“customers”) using Google measurement products.
Website visitors and app users (“users”) of sites and apps using Google measurement products.
Data collection
Google customers use tags on web pages and an SDK for mobile apps to enable Google measurement products. The measurement data collected helps customers understand their users’ needs and, optionally, personalize the user experience and offer relevant advertising (see
Advertising personalization
).
Google tags and the SDK use cookies and app instance IDs, respectively, to measure user interaction. While these identifiers provide information about user behavior, Google prohibits customers from sending
Personally Identifiable Information
to Google Analytics. Even so, use of cookies and app IDs falls under the privacy laws mentioned previously. Google customers need to inform users about the information being stored and give them the opportunity to grant or deny their consent.
See the following sections on this page to:
Learn how Google collects and processes information about website and app usage:
Information for sites and apps using Google Analytics
.
Learn about our user policies and controls:
Information for visitors of sites and apps using Google Analytics
.
Download this diagram that explains how Google Analytics collects, filters, and stores data.
Information for visitors of sites and apps Using Google Analytics
Our privacy policy
At Google, we are keenly aware of the trust you place in us and our responsibility to keep your privacy and data secure. As part of this responsibility, we let you know what information we collect when you use our products and services, why we collect it, and how we use it to improve your experience. The
Google privacy policy & principles
describes how we treat personal information when you use Google's products and services, including Google Analytics.
Google Analytics cookies and identifiers
Google Analytics mainly uses first-party cookies to report on visitor (aka. user) interactions on Google Analytics customers’ websites. Users may disable cookies or delete any individual cookie.
Learn more
In addition, Google Analytics supports an optional browser
add-on
that - once installed and enabled - disables measurement by Google Analytics for any site a user visits. Note that this add-on only disables Google Analytics measurement.
Where a site or app uses Google Analytics for Apps or the Google Analytics for Firebase SDKs, Google Analytics collects
an app-instance identifier
— a randomly generated number that identifies a unique installation of an App. Whenever a user resets their Advertising Identifier (Advertising ID on Android, and ID for Advertisers on iOS), the app-instance identifier is also reset.
Where sites or apps have implemented Google Analytics with other Google Advertising products, like Google Ads, additional advertising identifiers may be collected. Users can opt-out of this feature and manage their settings for this cookie using the
Ads Settings
.
Learn more
Information for sites and apps using Google Analytics
Google Analytics under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
Google operates as a data processor for Google Analytics. This is reflected in our Ads Data Processing Terms, which are available to all Google Analytics customers with direct contracts with Google.
Learn more
Google Analytics is a data processor under GDPR because Google Analytics collects and processes data on behalf of our clients, pursuant to their instructions. Our customers are data controllers who retain full rights over the collection, access, retention, and deletion of their data at any time. Google’s use of data is controlled by the terms of its contract with Google Analytics customers and any settings enabled by customers through the user interface of our product.
Google Analytics under privacy laws in the United States
In order to help Google Analytics customers prepare for laws that establish various rights for applicable US-state residents, we have updated our
Data Processing Terms
to include a
U.S. State Privacy Laws Service Provider and Processor Addendum
. Subject to the full terms of this addendum, Google Analytics will act as a service provider to its customers (when data sharing with Google products and services is disabled) and as such, will only use data collected on behalf of the customer in Google Analytics to provide the Google Analytics services. Customers who have not accepted our
Data Processing Terms
can do so
per these instructions
. Customers who have already agreed to our
Data Processing Terms
will not need to take additional action to accept the CCPA service provider addendum. Customers should review the
U.S. State Privacy Laws Service Provider and Processor Addendum
, as well as Google Analytics’ use of data, to ensure it meets customer’s compliance needs.
To help customers manage their compliance needs, Google Analytics offers a collection of tools, detailed below, that enable you to control how data is collected, and whether it is used for advertising personalization.
If you have linked Google Analytics to another product, please refer to
Google Analytics linking overview
.
Google Analytics under the Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (LGPD)
Google operates as a data processor for Google Analytics. This is reflected in our Ads Data Processing Terms, which are available to all Google Analytics customers with direct contracts with Google.
Learn more
Google Analytics is a data processor under LGPD because Google Analytics collects and processes data on behalf of our clients, pursuant to their instructions. Our customers are data controllers who retain full rights over the collection, access, retention, and deletion of their data at any time. Google’s use of data is controlled by the terms of its contract with Google Analytics customers and any settings enabled by customers through the user interface of our product.
International transfers
See
here
for information on data transfers via Google Analytics.
Data Collected by Google Analytics
First-party cookies
Google Analytics collects first-party cookies, data related to the device/browser, IP address (when collecting data, Google Analytics 4 does not log or store IP addresses), and on-site/app activities to measure and report statistics about user interactions on the websites and/or apps that use Google Analytics. Customers may customize cookies and the data collected with features like
cookie settings
,
User-ID
,
Data Import
, and
Measurement Protocol
.
Learn more
Google Analytics customers who have for instance, enabled the analytics.js or gtag.js collection method can control whether or not they use cookies to store a pseudonymous or random client identifier. If the customer decides to set a cookie, the information stored in the local first-party cookie is reduced to a random identifier (e.g., 12345.67890).
For customers who use the Google Analytics for Apps SDK, we collect an App Instance Identifier, which is a number that is randomly generated when the user installs an app for the first time.
Advertising identifiers
Where customers use
Google Analytics Advertising Features
, Google advertising cookies are collected and used to enable features like Remarketing on the Google Display Network. These features are subject to the users’
Ads Settings
, the
Policy requirements for Google Analytics Advertising Features
and
Google’s EU User Consent policy
, which requires customers to obtain consent for cookies where legally required—including consent for personalized ads. For more information about how Google uses advertising cookies, visit the
Google Advertising Privacy FAQ
. It is possible to implement Google Analytics without affecting normal data collection where Advertising features are disabled until consent is obtained (see
Privacy Controls in Google Analytics
), as well as prevent certain data from being used for advertising personalization purposes (See
Advertising Personalization below
).
PII prohibition
Our contracts prohibit customers from sending
Personally Identifiable Information
to Google Analytics. Customers should follow these
Best Practices
to ensure PII is not sent to Google Analytics.
What is the data used for?
Google uses Google Analytics data to provide the Google Analytics measurement service to customers. Identifiers such as cookies and app instance IDs are used to measure user interactions with a customer’s sites and/or apps, while IP addresses are used to provide and protect the security of the service, and to give the customer a sense of where in the world their users come from. Customers may also choose to use the data collected by Google Analytics for site/app personalization or advertising purposes, including ads personalization (See
Advertising Personalization below
).
Data access
We do not share Google Analytics data without the customer’s authorization (including via settings in the product user interface), or as otherwise expressly permitted under the terms of their Google Analytics agreement, except in limited circumstances when required by law.
Customers may control their own access to data in their Analytics accounts or properties by configuring view and edit permissions for employees or other representatives who may login to their Analytics account.
Learn more
Security-dedicated engineering teams at Google guard against external threats to data. Internal access to data (e.g., by employees) is limited by strict access controls (both internal policy controls and automated technical controls such as authentication, SSL, and security logs) to only those with a business need to access it.
Product linking summary
Where customers link their Analytics property to another Google product or service account (“Integration Partner”), certain data from that Analytics property may be accessed and exported into the linked account. Once data is exported through a linking integration, it becomes subject to the Integration Partner’s terms and policies.
Note that once data is sent to an Integration Partner, that the data sent is subject to the terms of that Integration Partner and that Google Analytics no longer maintains access or control over that data.
Customers may review and manage their product integration linkings at any time within the Analytics product linking summary user interface.
Data sharing
Google Analytics provides several data sharing settings to customers, through which customers may customize how data collected using an Analytics data collection method (like the JavaScript code, mobile SDKs, and the Measurement Protocol) may be accessed and used by Google according to customer preferences. Note that these settings only apply to data collected from websites, mobile apps, and other digital devices using Analytics; they do not apply to data relating to a customer’s use of Analytics, such as the number of properties and which additional features are configured. Regardless of a customer’s data sharing settings, Analytics data may also be used only insofar as necessary to maintain and protect the Analytics service.
Learn more
Data Controls for retention, deletion, and portability
Data retention
With the
Data Retention controls
, customers can limit or expand the duration for which their user-level and event-level data is stored in Google Analytics servers. All customers should review their Data Retention settings and ensure the appropriate retention is selected.
User deletion
Customers may delete a single user’s data from Google Analytics by passing a single user identifier to the
Google Analytics User Deletion API
or via our
User Explorer report
. However, this does not delete aggregate data associated with that user, such as page URLs visited.
User-level data access and portability
Customers may pull event information for any given user identifier via our
User Explorer report
or the
User Activity API
. These features enable customers to analyze and export event level data for a single user identifier. In addition, our 360 customers may integrate with BigQuery to create a full export of all event data associated with their users in a single queryable repository.
Advertising personalization
Customers may choose to limit use of their analytics data for advertising personalization purposes, instead of disabling the collection of all analytics data or advertising identifiers (see “
Privacy Controls in Google Analytics
”). Customers may choose to disable Advertising Personalization for data collected from their entire property, or to disable it for individual events or users (for
apps
,
websites
, and
measurement protocol
). Customers using Google Analytics for Firebase or Google Analytics 4 properties may also
exclude specific events or user properties
(like ‘purchase’ or ‘gender’) from being used for Ads Personalization.
If any of 1) all property-level data, 2) individual events, or 3) specific event names or user properties have been excluded from ads personalization, then Analytics will append an additional signal (called ‘npa’) in Postbacks indicating that networks should not use the data for personalized advertising. Note that each network's treatment of such 'npa' signal is determined by such network.
Data privacy and security
Certifications
ISO 27001
Google has earned ISO 27001 certification for the systems, applications, people, technology, processes, and data centers serving a number of Google products, including Google Analytics.
Learn more about our ISO compliance, and download our certificate (PDF)
or
learn more about ISO 27001
.
Information security
In web-based computing, security of both data and applications is critical. Google dedicates significant resources towards securing applications and data handling to prevent unauthorized access to data.
Data is stored in an encoded format optimized for performance, rather than stored in a traditional file system or database manner. Data is dispersed across a number of physical and logical volumes for redundancy and expedient access, thereby obfuscating it from tampering.
Google applications run in a multi-tenant, distributed environment. Rather than segregating each customer's data onto a single machine or set of machines, data from all Google users (consumers, business, and even Google's own data) is distributed among a shared infrastructure composed of Google's many homogeneous machines and located in Google's data centers.
In addition, Google Analytics ensures secure transmission of its JavaScript libraries and measurement data. Google Analytics by default uses HTTP Strict Transport Security (HSTS), which instructs browsers that support HTTP over SSL (HTTPS) to use that encryption protocol for all communication between end users, websites, and Google Analytics servers.
Learn more
Operational security and disaster recovery
To minimize service interruption due to hardware failure, natural disaster, or other catastrophe, Google implements a comprehensive disaster-recovery program at all of its data centers. This program includes multiple components to eliminate single points of failure, including the following:
Data replication
: To help ensure availability in the event of a disaster, Google Analytics data stored in Google's distributed file system is replicated to separate systems in different data centers.
Geographical distribution of data centers
: Google operates a geographically distributed set of data centers that is designed to maintain service continuity in the event of a disaster or other incident in a single region.
Resilient and redundant infrastructure
: Google's computing clusters are designed with resiliency and redundancy in mind, helping minimize single points of failure and the impact of common equipment failures and environmental risks.
Continuity plan in the event of disaster
: In addition to the redundancy of data and regionally disparate data centers, Google also has a business-continuity plan for its headquarters in Mountain View, CA. This plan accounts for major disasters, such as a seismic event or a public-health crisis, and it assumes people and services may be unavailable for up to 30 days. This plan is designed to enable continued operations of our services for our customers.
Give feedback about this article
Choose a section to give feedback on
Was this helpful?
How can we improve it?
Yes
No
Submit
Post to the help community
Get answers from community members
Contact us
Tell us more and we’ll help you get there
true
Data privacy and security
1 of 24
Safeguarding your data
2 of 24
Privacy controls in Google Analytics
3 of 24
[GA4] Data redaction
4 of 24
Introduction to user consent management
5 of 24
[GA4] Verify and update consent settings in Google Analytics
6 of 24
[GA4] Behavioral modeling for consent mode
7 of 24
Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on
8 of 24
[UA] IP masking in Universal Analytics [Legacy]
9 of 24
[GA4] Policy requirements for Google Analytics Advertising Features
10 of 24
Data Processing Terms
11 of 24
We use our own products
12 of 24
Data retention
13 of 24
[GA4] Data-deletion requests
14 of 24
Data deletion requests (Universal Analytics) [Legacy]
15 of 24
ISO 27001 Certification
16 of 24
Google Analytics links overview
17 of 24
Account setup with additional privacy features
18 of 24
Best practices to avoid sending Personally Identifiable Information (PII)
19 of 24
Data Transparency Policy Against Fingerprints and Locally Shared Objects
20 of 24
Data controls in Universal Analytics
21 of 24
Data controls in Google Analytics 4
22 of 24
[GA4] EU-focused data and privacy
23 of 24
HIPAA and Google Analytics
24 of 24
Data sharing settings
Choose your own learning path
Check out
google.com/analytics/learn
, a new resource to help you get the most out of Google Analytics 4. The new website includes videos, articles, and guided flows, and provides links to the Google Analytics Discord, Blog, YouTube channel, and GitHub repository.
Start learning today!
4155962445073118727
true
Search Help Center
true
true
true
Google Help
Help Center
Get started with Analytics
Collect and manage data
Report and explore
Advertising and attribution
Audiences and remarketing
Manage accounts, properties, and users
Google Analytics 360
Migrate from UA to GA4 [Legacy]
Policies and data privacy
Community
Analytics
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Submit feedback
Introduction to Analytics
Set up Analytics
Guides and videos
Troubleshoot
Glossary
Events and key events
Import data from external systems
Integrations
Measure ecommerce
Measure lead generation
[GA4] First-party data
Reports
Explorations
Dimensions and metrics
Analytics Intelligence
The Analytics app
How data is stored and displayed
Regular expressions [Legacy]
Understand advertising
Understand attribution
Manage and configure attribution
iOS conversion measurement
[GA4] Set up audiences
[GA4] Use audiences for advertising and remarketing
[GA4] Audiences for common marketing objectives
[GA4] Troubleshoot audiences
[GA4] Subproperties
[GA4] Roll-up properties
[GA4] Subproperties
[GA4] Roll-up properties
How data is stored and displayed
Data privacy and security
true
true
69256
Search
Clear search
Close search
Main menu
Google apps
false
false
Inaccurate - doesn't match what I see in the product
Hard to understand - unclear or translation is wrong
Missing info - relevant but not comprehensive
Irrelevant - doesn’t match the title and / or my expectations
Minor errors - formatting issues, typos, and / or broken links
Other suggestions - ideas to improve the content
Share additional info or suggestions
​
​
Do not share any personal info
Cancel
Submit
By continuing, you agree Google uses your answers,
account & system info
to improve services, per our
Privacy
&
Terms
.
false
Sub-policy 1
https://www.firebase.com/terms/privacy-policy.html:
Skip to main content
firebase.google.com uses cookies from Google to deliver and enhance the quality of its services and to analyze traffic.
Learn more
.
OK, got it
Build
More
Run
More
Solutions
Pricing
Docs
More
Community
More
Support
Go to console
Developer Support
Contact Support
Scope of no-cost support
Support Guides
Overview
FAQ
Security checklist
Launch checklist
Firebase-related service accounts
Troubleshoot initialization options
Enable the AdSupport framework
Dynamic Links deprecation
Deprecation FAQ
Export Dynamic Links metadata
Migrate to App Links & Universal Links
Migrate from Parse
Android
iOS+
Cloud Audit Logs
Firebase Management
Cloud Storage for Firebase
Firebase Cloud Messaging
Firebase App Check
Firebase Security Rules
Firebase Realtime Database
Android Device Streaming
Recent Changes and Updates
Release Notes
iOS Release Notes
Android Release Notes
JavaScript Release Notes
Flutter Release Notes
C++ Release Notes
Unity Release Notes
Admin Node.
js Release Notes
Admin Java Release Notes
Admin Python Release Notes
Admin Go Release Notes
Admin .
NET Release Notes
Security Rules Release Notes
Firebase CLI Release Notes
Policies for changes and versioning
Overview
Introducing and communicating changes
Versioning and maintenance
Legal Information
Terms of Service
Paid Services Terms
Data Processing and Security Terms
Firebase: Standard Contractual Clauses
Service Level Agreement for Hosting and Realtime Database
Cloud Storage for Firebase Service Level Agreement
Firebase App Indexing User Data Policy
Crashlytics and App Distribution Terms
Firebase Subprocessors
Privacy and Security Information
Privacy and Security in Firebase
Designate Data Protection Officers and EU Representatives
Firebase Data Privacy Inquiries
Manage Instance ID data
Clear and export users' data
Storing privacy settings with Firebase
Build
Go to Build
Build Products
App Check
App Hosting
Authentication
Cloud Functions
Cloud Storage
Data Connect
Extensions
Firebase ML
Firestore
Genkit
Hosting
Realtime Database
Vertex AI in Firebase
Generative AI
Run
Go to Run
Run Products
A/B Testing
App Distribution
Cloud Messaging
Crashlytics
Google Analytics
In-App Messaging
Performance Monitoring
Remote Config
Test Lab
Overview
Fundamentals
Build
Run
Reference
Samples
Learn
Events
Stories
Firebase
Support
Send feedback
Privacy and Security in Firebase
bookmark_border
bookmark
Stay organized with collections
Save and categorize content based on your preferences.
On this page
Data protection
Firebase support for GDPR and CCPA
Firebase Data Processing and Security Terms
Firebase is certified under major privacy and security standards
Data processing information
Examples of end-user data processed by Firebase
Guides for enabling opt-in for end-user data processing
Data storage and processing locations
Security information
Data encryption
Security practices
Firebase Service Data
Examples of how Firebase Service Data is processed by Firebase
Firebase Service Data use by non-Firebase Google services
This page outlines Firebase's key security and privacy information. Whether
you're looking to kick off a new project with Firebase, or curious about how
Firebase works with your existing project, read on to see how Firebase can help
protect you and your users.
Last modified: February 20, 2025
Data protection
Firebase support for GDPR and CCPA
On May 25th, 2018, the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) replaced the
1995 EU Data Protection Directive. On January 1, 2020, the California Consumer
Privacy Act (CCPA) took effect. On January 1, 2023, the California Privacy
Rights Act (CPRA), which is a data privacy law that amends and expands upon the
CCPA, took effect. Google is committed to helping our customers succeed under
these privacy regulations, whether they are large software companies or
independent developers.
The GDPR imposes obligations on data controllers and data processors, and the
CCPA/CPRA imposes obligations on businesses and their service providers.
Firebase customers typically act as the "data controller" (GDPR) or "business"
(CCPA/CPRA) for any personal data or information about their end-users they
provide to Google in connection with their use of Firebase, and Google generally
operates as a "data processor" (GDPR) or "service provider" (CCPA/CPRA).
This means that data is under the customer's control. Customers are
responsible for obligations like fulfilling an individual's rights with respect
to their personal data or information.
Firebase Data Processing and Security Terms
When customers use Firebase, Google is generally a data processor under GDPR and
processes personal data on their behalf. Similarly, when customers use Firebase,
Google generally operates as a service provider under the CCPA/CPRA handling
personal information on their behalf. Firebase terms include
Data Processing
and Security Terms
detailing these
responsibilities.
Certain Firebase services governed by the
Google Cloud Platform (GCP) Terms of Service
are already covered by associated data processing terms, the
Cloud Data Processing Addendum
.
A complete list of Firebase services currently governed by the GCP Terms of
Service is available in the
Terms of Service for Firebase Services
.
Google Analytics is a separate service that can be used together with Firebase,
and is subject to separate
terms
.
Firebase is certified under major privacy and security standards
ISO and SOC compliance
All Firebase services (aside from App Indexing) have successfully completed the
ISO
27001
and
SOC
1
,
SOC
2
,
and
SOC 3
evaluation
process, and some have also completed the
ISO
27017
and
ISO
27018
certification
process. Compliance reports and certificates for Firebase services governed by
the GCP Terms of Service may be requested via the
Compliance Reports
Manager
.
Service name
ISO 27001
ISO 27017
ISO 27018
SOC 1
SOC 2
SOC 3
Cloud Firestore
check
check
check
check
check
check
Cloud Functions for Firebase
check
check
check
check
check
check
Cloud Storage for Firebase
check
check
check
check
check
check
Firebase A/B Testing
check
check
check
check
Firebase App Check
check
check
check
check
Firebase App Distribution
check
check
check
check
Firebase Authentication
check
check
check
check
check
check
Firebase Cloud Messaging
check
check
check
check
Firebase Crashlytics
check
check
check
check
Firebase Dynamic Links
check
check
check
check
Firebase Hosting
check
check
check
check
Firebase In-App Messaging
check
check
check
check
Firebase ML
check
check
check
check
Firebase Performance Monitoring
check
check
check
check
Firebase Platform
check
check
check
check
Firebase Realtime Database
check
check
check
check
Firebase Remote Config
check
check
check
check
Firebase Test Lab
check
check
check
check
check
check
Gemini in Firebase
check
check
check
check
Vertex AI in Firebase
check
check
check
check
International Data Transfers
As described in our
Data Privacy Framework
certification
,
we comply with the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks (DPF) and the
UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF as set forth by the US Department of Commerce
regarding the collection, use and retention of personal information from the
EEA, Switzerland and the UK, respectively. Google LLC (and its wholly-owned US
subsidiaries unless explicitly excluded) has certified that it adheres to the
DPF Principles. Google remains responsible for any of your personal information
that is shared under the Onward Transfer Principle with third parties for
external processing on our behalf, as described in the
"Sharing your
information" section of our Privacy
Policy
. To learn more about
the DPF, and to view Google's certification, please visit the
DPF
website
.
If you have an inquiry regarding our privacy practices in relation to our DPF
certification, we encourage you to
contact
us
. Google is
subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the US Federal Trade
Commission. You may also refer a complaint to your local data protection
authority and we will work with them to resolve your concern. In certain
circumstances, the DPF provides the right to invoke binding arbitration to
resolve complaints not resolved by other means, as described in
Annex I to the
DPF
Principles
.
Data processing information
Examples of end-user data processed by Firebase
Some Firebase services process your end users' data to provide their service.
The chart below has examples of how various Firebase services use and handle
end-user data that may potentially be identifying. In addition, many Firebase
services offer the ability to request deletion of specific data or control how
data is handled.
Firebase service
End-user data
How data helps provide the service
Cloud Functions for Firebase
IP addresses
How it helps:
Cloud Functions uses IP addresses to
            execute event-handling functions and HTTP functions based on end-user actions.
Retention:
Cloud functions only saves IP addresses temporarily, to
            provide the service.
Firebase App Check
Attestation material from supported attestation providers
App Check tokens from successful attestations
How it helps:
Firebase App Check uses attestation
            material required by the corresponding attestation provider and
            received from end-user's devices to help establish the integrity of
            the device and/or the app. Attestation materials are sent to the
            corresponding attestation provider for validation based on the
            developer's configuration. App Check tokens obtained from successful
            attestations are sent with every request to supported Firebase
            services to access resources protected by App Check.
Retention:
Attestation material is not retained by
            App Check, but when it is sent to attestation providers, it is
            subject to the terms of those attestation providers. App Check
            tokens returned from successful attestations are valid throughout
            their TTL duration, which cannot be longer than 7 days. For
            developers who use replay protection features, App Check stores the
            App Check tokens used with these features for at most 30 days. Other
            App Check tokens not used with replay protection features are not
            retained by Firebase services.
Firebase App Distribution
Users' names
Email addresses
iOS UDIDs
Secure Android IDs
Firebase
installation IDs
Tester feedback (screenshots and text)
How it helps:
Firebase App Distribution uses the data to distribute
            app builds to testers, monitor tester activity, enable tester features like in-app
            feedback, and associate data with tester devices.
Retention:
Firebase App Distribution retains user information
            until the Firebase customer requests its deletion, after which data is removed from live
            and backup systems within 180 days.
Firebase Authentication
Passwords
Email addresses
Phone numbers
User agents
IP addresses
How it helps:
Firebase Authentication uses the data to enable end-user
            authentication, and facilitate end-user account management. It also uses user-agent
            strings and IP addresses to provide added security and prevent abuse during sign-up and
            authentication.
Retention:
Firebase Authentication keeps logged IP addresses for a few
            weeks. It retains other authentication information until the Firebase customer initiates
            deletion of the associated user, after which data is removed from live and backup
            systems within 180 days.
Firebase Cloud Messaging
Firebase
installation IDs
How it helps:
Firebase Cloud Messaging uses
Firebase
installation IDs to determine which devices to deliver messages to.
Retention:
Firebase retains
Firebase
installation IDs
            until the Firebase customer
            makes an API call to delete the ID. After the call, data is removed from live and backup
            systems within 180 days.
Firebase Crashlytics
Crashlytics Installation UUIDs
Firebase installations ID
Crash traces
Breakpad minidump formatted data
(NDK crashes only)
How it helps:
Firebase Crashlytics uses crash stack
            traces to associate crashes with a project, send email alerts to
            project members and display them in the Firebase Console, and help
            Firebase customers debug crashes. It uses Crashlytics Installation
            UUIDs to measure the number of users impacted by a crash and
            minidump data to process NDK crashes. The minidump data is stored
            while the crash session is being processed and then discarded. The
            Firebase installation ID enables upcoming features that will enhance
            crash reporting and crash management services. Refer to
Examples of stored device information
for more detail on the types of user information gathered.
Retention:
Firebase Crashlytics keeps crash stack traces,
            extracted minidump data, and associated identifiers (including
            Crashlytics Installation UUIDs and Firebase installation IDs) for 90 days before
            starting the process of removing it from live and backup systems.
Note:
Firebase Crashlytics stores minidump data only temporarily in order to
            process NDK crashes.
Firebase Dynamic Links
Device specs (iOS)
IP Addresses (iOS)
How it helps:
Dynamic Links uses device specs and IP addresses on iOS to open
            newly-installed apps to a specific page or context.
Retention:
Dynamic Links only stores device specs and IP addresses temporarily, to
            provide the service.
Firebase Hosting
IP addresses
How it helps:
Hosting uses IP addresses of incoming requests to detect
            abuse and provide customers with detailed analysis of usage data.
Retention:
Hosting retains IP data for a few months.
Firebase In-App Messaging
Firebase
installation IDs
How it helps:
Firebase In-App Messaging
uses
Firebase
installation IDs to determine which devices to deliver messages to.
Retention:
Firebase retains
Firebase
installation IDs
            until the Firebase customer
            makes an API call to delete the ID. After the call, data is removed from live and backup
            systems within 180 days.
Firebase ML
Uploaded Images
installation auth tokens
How it helps:
The Cloud based APIs store uploaded images temporarily,
            to process and return the analysis to you. Stored images are typically deleted within a
            few hours. See the Cloud Vision
Data Usage FAQ
for more
            information.
installation auth tokens
are used by
Firebase ML
for device authentication when interacting with app
            instances, for example, to distribute developer models to app instances.
Retention:
installation auth tokens remain valid until their
            expiration date. The default token lifetime is one week.
Firebase Performance Monitoring
Firebase
installation IDs
IP addresses
How it helps:
Performance Monitoring
uses
Firebase
installation IDs
            to calculate the number of unique Firebase installations that access network resources,
            to ensure that access patterns are sufficiently anonymous. It also uses
Firebase
installation IDs with
Firebase Remote Config
to manage the rate of performance event reporting. Additionally, it uses IP
            addresses to map performance events to the countries they originate from. For more
            information, see
Data collection
.
Retention:
Performance Monitoring
keeps IP-associated
            events for 30 days, and it keeps installation-associated and de-identified performance
            data for 60 days before starting the process of removing it from live and backup
            systems.
Firebase Realtime Database
IP addresses
User agents
How it helps:
Realtime Database uses IP addresses and user agents to
            enable the
profiler
            tool
, which helps Firebase customers understand usage trends and platform
            breakdowns.
Retention:
Realtime Database keeps IP addresses and user agent
            information for a few days, unless a customer chooses to save it for longer.
Firebase Remote Config
Firebase
installation IDs
How it helps:
Remote Config
uses
Firebase
installation IDs
            to select configuration
            values to return to end-user devices.
Retention:
Firebase retains
Firebase
installation IDs until the Firebase customer makes an API call to delete the
          ID. After the call, data is removed from live and backup systems within 180 days.
Vertex AI in Firebase
Customer's inputs and outputs data sent and received from the AI model
How it helps:
Vertex AI in Firebase
uses Vertex AI's Generative AI
            API to predict content.
Retention:
During prediction, Google doesn't log Customer Data to
            generate a customer's output or train foundation models. By default, Google caches a
            customer's inputs and outputs for the Gemini models to accelerate responses to
            subsequent prompts from the customer.
See more details at
Generative
              AI and Data Governance | Generative AI on Vertex AI | Google Cloud
.
Examples of information collected by Crashlytics
An RFC-4122 UUID which permits us to deduplicate crashes
The Crashlytics Installation UUID
The Firebase installations ID (FID)
The Firebase session ID, which is a random UUID generated to tag events
      with a session
The timestamp of when the crash occurred
The app's bundle identifier and full version number
The device's operating system name and version number
A boolean indicating whether the device was jailbroken/rooted
The device's model name, CPU architecture, amount of RAM and disk
      space
The uint64 instruction pointer of every frame of every currently running
      thread
If available in the runtime, the plain-text method or function name
      containing each instruction pointer.
If an exception was thrown, the plain-text class name and message value
      of the exception
If a fatal signal was raised, its name and integer code
For each binary image loaded into the application, its name, UUID, byte
      size, and the uint64 base address at which it was loaded into RAM
A boolean indicating whether or not the app was in the background at the
      time it crashed
An integer value indicating the rotation of the screen at the time of
      crash
A boolean indicating whether the device's proximity sensor was
      triggered
The contents of
version-control-info.textproto
(only for Android apps
configured
        to use the version control system (VCS) integration
)
Examples of information collected by Performance Monitoring
The Firebase installations ID (FID)
The Firebase session ID, which is a random UUID generated to tag events
      with a session
General device information, such as model, OS, and orientation
RAM and disk size
CPU usage
Carrier (based on Mobile Country and Network Code)
Radio/Network information (for example, WiFi, LTE, 3G)
Country (based on IP address)
Locale/language
App version
App foreground or background state
App package name
Firebase
installation IDs
Duration times for automated traces
Network URLs (not including URL parameters or payload content)
      and the following corresponding information:
Response codes (for example, 403, 200)
Payload size in bytes
Response times
See a
full list
of the
    automatic traces collected by
Performance Monitoring
.
Note:
For more info on deleting data associated with installations, see
Delete a Firebase installation
.
Guides for enabling opt-in for end-user data processing
Services in the table above need some amount of end-user data to function. As a
result, it's not possible to entirely disable data collection while using those
services.
If you're a customer who would like to offer users a chance to opt-in to a
service, and the data collection that comes with it, in most cases that just
requires adding a dialog or settings toggle before using the service.
Some services, however, start up automatically when included in an app. To give
users a chance to opt-in before using those services, you can choose to disable
auto-initialization for each service, and manually initialize them at run time
instead. To find out how, read the guides below:
Cloud Messaging
:
Prevent Auto-initialization (Android)
or
Prevent Auto-initialization (iOS+)
Crashlytics
:
Enable Opt-in Reporting (iOS+)
or
Enable Opt-in Reporting (Android)
Performance Monitoring
:
Enable Opt-in Monitoring
If you integrate Firebase with Google Analytics, learn how to
configure Analytics data collection
.
Data storage and processing locations
Unless a service or feature offers data location selection, Firebase may process
and store your data anywhere Google or its agents maintain facilities. Potential
facility locations vary by service.
US-only services
The
Firebase Authentication
service is run only from US data centers. As a result,
Firebase Authentication
processes data exclusively in the United States.
Global services
The majority of Firebase services run on global Google infrastructure.
They could process data at any of the
Google Cloud Platform locations
or
Google data center locations
.
For some services, you can make a specific data location selection, which
restricts processing to that location (for more information, see the
service specific terms
of the Google Cloud Platform Terms of Service).
Cloud Firestore
Firebase Crashlytics
Firebase ML
Cloud Functions for Firebase
Firebase Dynamic Links
Firebase Performance Monitoring
Cloud Storage for Firebase
Firebase Hosting
Firebase Remote Config
Firebase App Check
Firebase App Distribution
Firebase In-App Messaging
Firebase Test Lab
Firebase Cloud Messaging
Security information
Data encryption
Firebase services encrypt data in transit using HTTPS and logically isolate
customer data.
In addition, several Firebase services also encrypt their data at rest:
Cloud Firestore
Firebase Authentication
Firebase Performance Monitoring
Cloud Functions for Firebase
Firebase Cloud Messaging
Firebase Realtime Database
Cloud Storage for Firebase
Firebase Crashlytics
Firebase Test Lab
Firebase App Check
Firebase App Distribution
Security practices
To keep personal data safe, Firebase employs extensive security measures to
minimize access:
Firebase restricts access to a select employees who have a business purpose to access personal data.
Firebase logs employee access to systems that contain personal data.
Firebase only permits access to personal data by employees who sign in with Google Sign-In and
2-factor authentication
.
Firebase Service Data
Firebase Service Data is personal information that Google collects and generates
during the provision and administration of the Firebase services
*
,
excluding Customer Data
**
as defined in our customer agreements
covering Firebase services and
Google Cloud Service Data
.
Examples of Firebase Service Data include information about service usage,
resource identifiers like application IDs and package name/bundle IDs, technical
and operational details of usage such as IP addresses, and direct communications
with developers from feedback and support related conversations.
*Services covered include Firebase A/B Testing, Firebase App Distribution,
  Firebase Cloud Messaging, Firebase Crashlytics, Firebase Dynamic Links,
  Firebase Hosting, Firebase In-App Messaging, Firebase ML,
  Firebase Performance Monitoring, Firebase Realtime Database,
  Firebase Remote Config, and Firebase User Segmentation Storage.
**For more information about how we process Customer Data, see our
Firebase Data Processing and Security
  Terms
.
Examples of how Firebase Service Data is processed by Firebase
Google uses Firebase Service Data in accordance with our
privacy policy
and applicable terms.
Firebase Service Data is used, for example, to:
Provide Firebase services you request
Make recommendations to optimize use of Firebase services
Maintain and improve Firebase services
Provide and improve other services you request
Understand your use of Firebase and other Google services
Provide better support to and communicate with you
Protect you, our users, the public and Google
Comply with legal obligations
Firebase Service Data use by non-Firebase Google services
You can control whether your Firebase Service Data may be used by Google to
provide more in depth analysis, insights, and recommendations about
non-Firebase
Google services and improve
non-Firebase
Google services.
You can configure this in your Firebase data privacy settings page.
If this control is disabled, Firebase Service Data will continue to be used
for other purposes, such as those mentioned above, in accordance with our
privacy policy
and applicable terms, including
to make recommendations about and improve
Firebase
services, and to deliver
and improve other services you request, such as Google products you link to your
Firebase project.
Still have questions? Contact us
For any privacy-related questions you have that aren't covered here,
reach out to Firebase Support
. If you're a Firebase developer, include your Firebase App ID. Find your Firebase App ID in the
Your apps
card of your
settings
Project
settings
.
Send feedback
Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 License
, and code samples are licensed under the
Apache 2.0 License
. For details, see the
Google Developers Site Policies
. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.
Last updated 2025-03-04 UTC.
Info
Chat
Sub-policy 2
https://www.adjust.com/privacy-policy/:
Sorry, we couldn't find that page.
Navigate back to the homepage below.
Back to home
Sub-policy 3
https://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=ads:
Notice
You must confirm your password to edit your account settings.
Log Into Facebook
You must confirm your password to edit your account settings.
Log In
Forgot account?
·
Sign up for Facebook
English (US)
Gaeilge
Polski
Lietuvių
Português (Brasil)
Русский
Română
Español
Français (France)
Deutsch
Italiano
Meta © 2025
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to help provide and improve content on
Meta Products
. We also use them to provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and to provide and improve Meta Products for people who have an account.
Essential cookies: These cookies are required to use Meta Products and are necessary for our sites to work as intended.
Cookies from other companies: We use these cookies to show you ads off of Meta Products and to provide features like maps and videos on Meta Products. These cookies are optional.
You have control over the optional cookies we use. Learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choices at any time in our
Cookies Policy
.
About cookies
What are cookies?
Learn more
Why do we use cookies?
Learn more
What are Meta Products?
Learn more
Your cookie choices
Learn more
Cookies from other companies
We use cookies from
other companies
in order to show you ads off of our Products, and provide features like maps, payment services and video.
Choose cookies by category
How we use these cookies
If you allow these cookies
If you don't allow these cookies
Other ways you can control your information
Manage your ad experience in Accounts Center
More information about online advertising
Controlling cookies with browser settings
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies