Crediblemeds
Privacy Policy
Print
Share
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Pinterest
Email
Reddit
RSS
Donate
Members Login
Register Here
PAGES FOR EVERYONE
QTDrugs Lists (registration required)
Therapeutic Options not on the QTdrugs List
Info: Congenital LQT and Drugs to Avoid
Create list of "Medicines I Take"
CredibleMedia™ Educational Articles
»
Basics of Heart Function
Basics of Arrhythmia and Long QT
Women and Medicines
FAQs on Long QT Syndrome
FAQs on QTdrugs List
Technical Pharmacogenomic Monographs
Warfarin Educational Tools
Glossary
Guide for Safe Medication Use
Drug Interaction Advisory
»
Acetaminophen Combinations
Garlic Supplements
Ciprofloxacin
Grapefruit Juice and Medications
Codeine
Fluoxetine
Cisapride
St. John's Wort
Useful Links for Drug Information
AZCERT Scientific Publications
About CredibleMeds®
Scientific Review Committee
Quick Links
General Online Privacy Policy
This updated Privacy Policy reflects AZCERT, Inc, commitments and obligations under the EU’s new General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Your privacy is important to us, so the goal of this policy is to be transparent about what information AZCERT, Inc. collects, uses, and shares.
This policy explains your rights with regards to that information. It also explains how to access and update your information, and how you can object to its use. When we make changes to our Privacy Policy, we will revise the date at the top of this page. We may also notify you via in-app messages or by email.
AZCERT, Inc. (the “Organization” or “we” or “us”) offers this general online privacy policy (the “Policy”) to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. In the following policy, the terms “you,” “your,” and “end-user” refer to you. This Policy discloses our practices for the http://www.crediblemeds.org website (the “website”, or the “site”) and the website’s application program interface’s (the “API”) information gathering and dissemination and other online tools hereafter referred to as “CredibleMeds Services.” Definitions for any words that we use but don’t define in this Policy can be found in the Terms of Use, which is accessible at
https://crediblemeds.org/terms
and hereby incorporated by reference.
1.    Acceptance of Privacy Policy
By using the CredibleMeds Services, you signify your acceptance of this Policy. If you do not agree or are not comfortable with any policy described here, your only remedy is to discontinue use of the CredibleMeds Services. This notice may be updated without prior notice to you to reflect changes in our information collection, use, and security practices. If the notice is updated, we will post a new effective date to let you know when the notice was most recently updated. Your continued use of any portion of the CredibleMeds website, API, or any related CredibleMeds Services following notification or posting of such changes will constitute your acceptance of those changes. If you have questions or concerns about our specific policies, see Section 9 below.
We explicitly reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently.
2.    Information tracking
Like most websites, we passively collect data about website usage through various means by the use of internal or third party analytics software and services. We may use collected data to help diagnose problems, optimize the content and user interface, adapt resource allocation to traffic and target marketing campaigns. The generic information gathered consists of, but is not limited to:  your IP address, broad demographic information, browser type and version, platform, connection type. The CredibleMeds.org website and API also actively requests and stores  personal information including - but not limited to - full name, email address, public or personal messages sent via the site’s communication tools. We may use your contact information to send newsletters and press releases regarding CredibleMeds and related services.
Solely at your discretion, you may choose to utilize the My Medicines Forms services on the website and in the process you could choose to submit some or all of the information specifically relevant to the medications you take on the “Medicines I Take” form, e.g. your emergency contact, your allergies, your primary physician’s name, your pharmacy, your allergies and other information that you decide to submit. See Section 4. Your Information below for information on how this information will be handled.
3.    Third party links and services
Our website, API and online tools may contain links to other sites. The Organization is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of third parties sites.
4.    Your Information
The CredibleMeds Services are provided to enable the general public, developers, researchers and companies access to information intended to assist them in improving their safe use of medicines.  This includes providing access to a proprietary list of medications referred to as QTdrugs, and a database of information regarding these medications (collectively, the “QTDrugs List”). As we become aware of evidence or information about these medicines and their safe use, we update and modify the QTDrugs List. We believe that keeping you informed of the changes to the QTDrugs List is essential for the safe use of the information we provide. Accordingly, in order to view the QTDrugs List, we require that you provide us with certain Personal Information. “Personal Information” means information that we can use to contact you, such as your name and email address. Using the Personal Information you have provided, we may send you notifications about any updates or changes that are made to the QTDrugs List. Registered users may receive a follow-up email after providing their name and email to us. Users may be further contacted only by the means and purposes specified by the registered user. Users may, if applicable and at their discretion, subscribe to an opt-in newsletter updating them on other activities or services performed by the organization. Personal Information may also be used to contact the visitor regarding their specific requests or to send administrative notices regarding their use of the website, API and online tools. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings by contacting us using the contact information we provide in Section 9 below. The Personal Information you provide us will not be given to any third parties, except where expressly permitted by you or as described in Section 8 below.
We will retain your Personal Information as long as your account is active or needed to provide you services. At any time you can remove your Personal Information or instruct us to remove it, but you should be aware that it is not technologically possible to remove each and every record of the information you have provided and stored on our servers. Additionally, removal of Personal Information may impact your ability to use sections of the website, API or online tools. We will also retain your Personal Information as necessary to comply with legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements.
Personal and Non-Personal Information collected about you may be used by the Organization to:
administer your account;
provide you with access to particular tools and services;
respond to inquiries you send to us and to send you administrative communications about the website, the API or our services;
obtain your feedback about the website, API or our offerings;
statistically analyze user behavior and activity including how frequently areas of the website are visited and how many emails are received and opened;
conduct research and measurement activities;
If requested and authorized, send you personalized emails or secure electronic messages pertaining to your health interests, including news, announcements, reminders and opportunities;
We Do Not Sell Your Information. CredibleMeds users create and share sensitive and proprietary data on our platform. Since we appreciate our users’ need for privacy, we will never sell information about you, your profile, your projects, nor your data and metadata, to advertising companies or other third parties.
5.    Security
We have instituted comprehensive security measures and protocols to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. Specifically: (i) our website and databases together with backup data are stored in highly secured data centers; (ii) only authorized employees have access to contact data; (iii) all employees are educated on our privacy policies; (iv) all employees agree to adhere to this Policy and any other internal policies we may have in place as a condition of employment; (v) our website and databases are protected and secured behind both a software and hardware firewall and all server communication is encrypted via SSL; and (vi) our web security is under on-going scrutiny and review to ensure that it meets the highest standards.
However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is ever 100% secure. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect all personally identifiable information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If you have any questions about security on our CredibleMeds Services, our website, API or online tools, you can send an email using our contact form.
6.    Children’s Online Privacy Policy
It is our policy to comply with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 and all other applicable laws. Therefore we restrict use of this website and API to persons age 18 years or older.
Protecting children's privacy is especially important to us. The Organization recognizes that parents, guardians, or other adults often use our products for family use, including use by minors. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under age 13, but because some information is automatically collected, it can appear to be the personal information of an appropriate end user and will be treated as such by the Organization under the terms of this Policy. If a child under age 13 submits personal information to the Organization and we learn that that personal information is the information of a child under age 13, we will attempt to delete the information as soon as practicable.
YOU MUST BE EIGHTEEN (18) YEARS OR OLDER TO ACCESS THE CREDIBLEMEDS WEBSITE OR API. IF YOU ARE UNDER EIGHTEEN YEARS OF AGE, YOU ARE NOT PERMITTED TO ACCESS THE ORGANIZATION'S WEBSITE, API OR OTHER SERVICES FOR ANY REASON. DUE TO THE AGE RESTRICTIONS FOR USE OF THE WEBSITE, API OR OTHER SERVICES, NO INFORMATION OBTAINED BY THE ORGANIZATION FALLS WITHIN THE CHILDREN'S ONLINE PRIVACY PROTECTION ACT OF 1998 AND IS NOT MONITORED AS DOING SO.
7.    Cookies
The Organization uses “cookies” for session maintenance when a user completes the online application section or to maintain various user settings for the CredibleMeds Services.  Cookies are small text files that are sent to the hard drive of your computer to store bits of information related to your use of the website or API. You may configure your Internet browser to reject cookies. However, if you do so, you might not be able to access important functions or enjoy certain conveniences at this website or API.
8.    Disclaimer
We may disclose personal information when required by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary in order to conform to the edicts of the law or comply with a legal process served on the website or API.
9.    Your data rights and choices
The following is a summary of choices you can make to exercise your data rights:
Opt Out of Promotional Communications: You have the right to opt out of receiving any promotional communication. To unsubscribe from our newsletter, or other promotional emails, use the link at the bottom of the message. You can also contact us directly to have your information removed from our promotional contact list. Please note that, even if you unsubscribe, you will continue to receive non-promotional, transactional messages regarding your account and other essential services.
Access and Update Personal Information: You have the right to access and edit your profile at any time. You also have the right to rectification in case your personal data is incomplete or inaccurate. To update your information, log in to your account and use the editing tools in your account settings. If you require assistance, please contact our Support team.
Right to be Forgotten: You have the right to be forgotten which means that, at any time, you can request that AZCERT, Inc. permanently delete all applicable data records, including your profile information, along with any user-created content. In some cases, we may need to retain partial information to fulfil our legal responsibilities.
Data Portability: You have the right, at any time, to request and receive the information that you have provided to AZCERT, Inc. We will provide you with your information, in a machine-readable format, so that you can make use of it in other contexts, or with other service providers.
Request That We Stop Using Your Information: Even if you have previously consented to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy, you have the right, at any time, to change your mind and object to the collection, use, and processing of your personal information. Additionally, you are under no contractual obligation to continue to provide any information to AZCERT, Inc. However, we require certain information in order to provide you with our services. Therefore, if you disagree with the terms of this Privacy Policy or our Terms of Service, you should stop using CredibleMeds, and contact us so that we may delete your information.
9.    Contact Us
Except as otherwise explicitly noted on the website and API, the services available through this API are offered by AZCERT, Inc. an Arizona corporation, located at 1457 E. Desert Garden Dr., Tucson, Arizona 85718. Our telephone number is 520-989-0900 and can be reached at info@azcert.org.