Retro Highway - Privacy Policy (applies for iOS and Android)
Gearhead Games ApS built the Retro Highway mobile app as
                  an ad supported game. This Service is provided by
                  Gearhead Games ApS at no cost and is intended for use as
                  is.
This page is primarily used to inform visitors of our
                  policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal
                  Information for anyone who decides to use our Service.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to
                  the collection and use of information in relation to this
                  policy, barring any exceptions where you have opted out or are under the age of consent. 
                  The Personal Information that we collect is
                  used for maintaining and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with
                  anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
While using our Service, we
                  may collect certain personally
                  identifiable information, including but not limited to Device data, App data, Ad data and User data. This personal data and cookies can be shared with the third party service providers listed below and their partners.
The following links show the privacy policies of our third party service providers used by the app:
AdMob
Google Play Services
The collected data is only used to improve the Service, avoid fraud and to provide personalized ads. To opt out of personal data collection for ads, you can at any time change your consent settings in the game's options menu (if you're in the EEA) or in the privacy settings of your device. All data collection for ads will also cease if you buy the "No Ads" in-app purchase.
Additionally, limited information like your username may be used for the purposes of showing leaderboards, tracking achievements and integrating with iCloud and Game Center. This information is shared with the Platform Holder (Apple or Google) and is not stored by us. If you wish to opt out, disable these online services on your device. To help protect your privacy, please do not choose a username that could be used to personally identify you.
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you
                  use our Service, in a case of an error in the app
                  we may collect information (through third party
                  services) on your phone referred to as Log Data. This Log Data may
                  include information such as your device Internet Protocol
                  ("IP") address, operating system version, the
                  configuration of the app when utilizing our Service,
                  the time and date of your use of the Service, and other generalized
                  statistics.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on
                  a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note
                  that these external sites are not operated by us.
                  Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the
                  Privacy Policy of these websites. We have
                  no control over and assume no responsibility for the content,
                  privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or
                  services.
Children's Privacy
The personal data collection terms do not address anyone under the age of 16. As a minor, you should not opt in to data collection on
                  the first launch of the app.
                  We do not collect personally
                  identifiable information from children under 16. In the case
                  we discover that a child has provided
                  us with personal information, it will quickly be
                  removed.
Security
We use commercially
                  acceptable means of protecting your data. Although, considering that no method
                  of transmission over the internet or method of electronic
                  storage is 100% secure and reliable, we cannot
                  guarantee its absolute security.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from
                  time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page
                  periodically, although any significant changes are unlikely.
For further clarification or questions, contact us at
contact@gearheadgames.com