In accordance with the Personal Information Protection Act, <Delight Room> ('alar.my' or 'Alamy') shall protect the personal information of the user and protect the rights and interests of the user, We have the following processing policy.

The Company shall notify the Company through the website announcement (or individual announcement) when revising the personal information processing policy.

○ This policy will be effective from September 1, 2016.


1. Purpose of Personal Information <Delight Room Co., Ltd. ('alar.my' or 'Alami') will process personal information for the following purposes. The processed personal information will not be used for any purpose other than the following purposes and will be subject to prior agreement if the purpose of use is changed.

end. Homepage membership and management

We handle personal information for the purpose of preventing fraudulent use of the service.


I. Use in marketing and advertising

We process personal information for the purpose of providing services and displaying ads according to demographic characteristics.




2. Personal Information File Status

1. Personal Information Filename: Delight Room Privacy Policy
- Personal information item: service use record, connection IP information
- Collection method: Collection through generation information collection tool
- Reason for retention: Improving service quality through user statistical analysis
- Retention period: destroy on request
- Relevant legislation: Record of indication / advertisement: 6 months




3. Processing and Retention Period of Personal Information

① Delight Room Co., Ltd. ('ALAMI') is a company that maintains and maintains personal information that is agreed upon when the personal information is collected or used from the information subject, It holds.

② Each personal information processing and retention period is as follows.

1. <Use in marketing and advertising>
Personal information related to <marketing and use in advertising> is held and used for the purpose of use from the date of consent to collection and use to the destruction of the app.
- Retention basis: for country-specific ads
- Relevant legislation: Record of indication / advertisement: 6 months
- Reason for Exception:



4. Commitment of personal information processing

① <Delight Room Co., Ltd.> ('ALAMI') consigns personal information processing business as follows for smooth personal information business processing.

1. <Google>
- Consignee (trustee): Data visualization
- Content of service to be entrusted: service use record, access IP information
- Charging period: Destroy at user request



② In case of <Delimited Room> ('alar.my', 'Alami'), the Company shall not be allowed to process personal information except for the purpose of carrying out the entrusted business pursuant to Article 25 of the Personal Information Protection Act, We limit the fiduciary, the management of the fiduciary, the supervision, the compensation of damages, etc. in the documents such as the contract, and supervise whether the fiduciary handles personal information safely.

③ If the contents of the consignment service or the consignee change, we will disclose it through this personal information processing policy without delay.


5. Rights, duties, and methods of exercise of information subjects The user may exercise the following rights as personal information subjects.

① The Subject of Information may exercise the right of personal information protection at any time with respect to Delight Room Co., Ltd. ('alar.my', 'Alami').
1. Personal information request
2. If there is an error, request correction
3. Delete request
4. Process stop request
② The exercise of the rights under Paragraph 1 shall be effected by written, e-mail, fax (FAX), etc. in accordance with the Form 8 of the Enforcement Regulations of the Personal Information Protection Act for the Delight Room ('alar.my' And <Agency / Company Name> ('Site URL' or 'Site Name') will take action without delay.
③ When the information subject is requested to correct or delete the error of personal information, the <institution / company name> (the 'site URL' or 'site name') is required to correct the personal information until the correction or deletion is completed. We do not use or provide.
(4) The exercise of the rights under Paragraph (1) may be made through the legal representative of the information entity or an agent such as the person who has been delegated. In this case, you must submit a power of attorney according to Form 11 of the Enforcement Regulations of the Personal Information Protection Act.



6. Creating an item of personal information to process

① <Delight Room Co., Ltd.> ('alar.my', 'Alami') handles the following personal information items.

1 <Use in marketing and advertising>
- Required field: Service usage history
- Optional:




7. Destruction of personal information <Delight Room Co., Ltd. ('ALAMI') will, in principle, destroy personal information without delay when the purpose of processing personal information is achieved. The procedures, deadlines and methods of destruction are as follows.

- Destruction Procedures Information entered by the user is transferred to a separate DB after the completion of the purpose (separate documents in the case of paper) and is stored or destroyed for a certain period according to internal policies and other related laws. In this case, the personal information transferred to the DB will not be used for any other purpose unless it is under the law. - Termination period Within 5 days after the end of the holding period, We will destroy the personal information within 5 days from the day when it becomes unnecessary to process personal information when it becomes unnecessary such as accomplishing purpose of processing of personal information, abolition of concerned service, end of business.

- Destruction method
Information in the form of electronic files uses technical methods that can not reproduce records.



8. Measures to Ensure the Safety of Personal Information <Delight Room Co., Ltd. ('ALAMI'), pursuant to Article 29 of the Personal Information Protection Act, has the following technical, administrative and physical measures to ensure safety.

1. Regular self-audit conducted
We conduct our own audits regularly (quarterly) to ensure the safety of handling personal information.

2. Keep records of connection and prevent forgery
We maintain and manage the records of access to the personal information processing system for at least six months and use security features to prevent forgery, theft and loss of access records.

3. Access control to unauthorized persons
We have set up a separate physical storage area for personal information, and set up access control procedures.




9. Writing Personal Information Protection Officer


① Delight Room Co., Ltd. ('alar.my', 'ALAMI') is responsible for the handling of personal information processing, and for the purpose of handling complaints and remedies of information related to personal information processing, We designate the person in charge of information protection.

▶ Personal information protection officer
Name: New
Position: Representative
Position: Representative
Contact: jay@delightroom.com, 031-776-3544
※ It leads to the personal information protection department.

▶ Personal information protection department
Department: Development Team
Contact person: Shin Jae-myeong
Contact: support@delightroom.com, 031-776-3544
② The information subject shall be responsible for all personal information protection inquiries, complaints, damages remedies, etc., related to the personal information protection officer and the person responsible for the personal information protection when using the service (or business) of the Delight Room ('alar.my' You can contact the department. Delight Room Co., Ltd. ('alar.my', 'Alamy') will reply and process inquiries of information subject without delay.



10. Change of personal information processing policy

① This personal information processing policy will be applied from the effective date. If there are additions, deletions and corrections of the changes according to laws and policies, they will be announced from 7 days before the change.