PRIVACY POLICY
READ!
ARMED HEIST PRIVACY POLICY
Valid from: October 6, 2017
Sozap AB ("Sozap") is committed to protecting the privacy rights of our users ("users"). This Privacy Policy ("Policy") describes the ways we collect, store, use, and manage the information, including personal information, and data that you provide or we collect in connection with our App.
By using the App, you are expressing your agreement to this Policy and the processing of your information and data, including your personal information, in the manner provided in this Policy.
We may collect the following information and data from you:
Contact information (such as name and email address)
Username and password for our community forum
Profile information that you volunteer (such as profile photo, gender, age or birthday, links to profiles on other social networking websites)
Automatically collected data (such as IP Address, your device's operating system, browser type and language)
Mobile device identifiers such as your unique device ID, persistent/non-persistent, hardware type, medial access control ("MAC") address, international mobile equipment identity ("IMEI"), and your device name
General location information for the purpose of providing you with the correct version of the application
Game data (such as your interactions with the game and with the other players inside the game via server log files, your player ID)
Tracking Technologies
We and our marketing and outsourcing partners, affiliates, or analytics service providers use technologies such as beacons, scripts, and tags to identify a user's device and to "remember" things about your visit, such as your preferences or a user name and password.
Other Collection Practices
Sozap may offer you the opportunity to invite your contacts from a Social Network Service (such as your Facebook friends) so that those contacts can be invited to join you in the App.
How We Use Your Information
Sozap’s primary aims in using information are to create your account, provide Apps to you, improve our Apps, contact you, conduct marketing and research and create reports for internal use. We store information on servers located in the United States via Amazon Web Services and may store information on servers and equipment in other countries.
We use information collected through our App for purposes described in this Policy or disclosed to you in connection with our App. For example, we may use your information to:
Create game accounts and allow users to play our games;
Identify and suggest connections with other App users;
Operate and improve our App;
Understand you and your preferences to enhance your experience and enjoyment using our App;
Respond to your comments and questions and provide customer service;
Provide and deliver products and services you request;
Deliver advertising and marketing and promotional information to you;
end you related information, including confirmations, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
Communicate with you about promotions, rewards, upcoming events, and other news about products and services offered by Sozap and our selected partners;
Enable you to communicate with other users;
Link or combine it with other information we get from third parties, to help understand your preferences and provide you with better services.
Customer Service
We may use your email address when you contact our customer service to contact you about your gaming experience with Sozap games and notify you about company news and promotions.
Third Party Services
Our App may contain third party tracking and data collection and analytics tools from our service providers, examples of which include Delta DNA, Gamesparks and AppsFlyers. Such third parties may use APIs, and SDKs in our App to enable them to collect and analyze user and device related data and information on our behalf. The third parties may have access to and collect data and information about you, such as your device identifier, MAC address, IMEI, locale (specific location where a given language is spoken), geo-location information, IP address, application usage, access and session times, applications present on the device or in use at a particular time on the device, and your viewing of and interactions with advertising, for the purpose of providing their services, including, for example, enabling, providing and delivering advertising as described in further detail below..
The privacy policies of our service providers may include additional terms and disclosures regarding their data collection and use practices and tracking technologies, and we encourage you to check those privacy policies to learn more about their data collection and use practices, use of cookies and other similar tracking technologies.
Mobile App
When you use a Sozap App on a mobile platform, we may record certain information and data, such as your application usage, access, session times and in-app purchases, your unique device ID (persistent / non-persistent), hardware type, media access control ("MAC") address, international mobile equipment identity ("IMEI"), the version of your operating system ("OS"), your device name, your email address (if you have connected to Facebook or Google+), and your location (based on your Internet Protocol ("IP") address).
In addition, we create a unique user ID to track your use of our App.  This unique user ID is stored in connection with your profile information to track the Sozap App you are playing.
We may occasionally send you push notifications through our mobile applications to send you game updates, high scores and other service related notifications that may be of importance to you.  You may at any time opt-out from receiving these types of communications by turning them off at the device level through your settings.
How We May Disclose Your Information to Third Parties
Sozap does not share your personal information except as approved by you or as described below:
Sozap may share your information in connection with any merger, sale of our assets, or a financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.  You will be notified via email and/or notice on our Sites of any change in ownership or users of your personal information.
We may share aggregate or anonymous information about you with advertisers, publishers, business partners, sponsors, and other third parties.
Accessing, Correcting, and Deleting Your Information
Upon request, we will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your personal information. If your personal information changes, or if you no longer desire to use our App, you may correct, update, delete inaccuracies, or delete your personal information by making the change within your account settings or by contacting us.
Security Safeguards
Sozap takes strong measures to protect your data, but no protection is 100% safe. Should data be stolen from Sozap through for example “hacking”, Sozap takes no responsibility for any use of the stolen data.
Data Retention
We retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you Services. We will also retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Changes to This Policy
We may update this Policy to reflect changes to our data and information privacy practices. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on the App prior to the change becoming effective.
© 2022 SOZAP AB. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED 'ARMED HEIST' AND 'SOZAP' ARE TRADEMARKS OF SOZAP AB.