Riders
Download Token Transit
Download the app on iOS or Android.
Rider Support
Having trouble? We're here to help.
Smart Cards
Manage and reload your Smart Card.
Send a Pass
Send a Pass
Send a transit pass to anyone's phone.
Need Help?
Learn more about Send a Pass.
Transit Agencies
Fare Distribution
Make transit passes easily accessible.
Fare Collection
Modernize your fare collection.
Administration, Management, & Data
Easily manage your fares and collect rich data.
Rider Support & Engagement
Grow mobile fare adoption and support your riders.
Resources
Case Studies
Hear from your peer agencies.
Company
About
Learn more about Token Transit.
Contact Us
Reach out to us!
Customers
View our customer agencies near you.
Press
Read about Token Transit in the news.
Careers
View open roles at Token Transit.
Status
View the status of the Token Transit Platform.
Agency Log In
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Effective date: November 27, 2023
We at Token Transit know you care about how your personal information is used and shared, and we take your privacy seriously. Please read the following to learn more about our Privacy Policy which applies to your use of our website(s), products, services and applications (the “
Services
”). By using or accessing the Services in any manner, or by otherwise providing us with personal information, you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined in this Privacy Policy, and you hereby consent that we will collect, use, and share your information in the ways described in this Policy.
Our Services allow you to buy (or receive) and use transit passes with participating transit agencies (“
Agency
” or “
Agencies
”) through our mobile applications (also referred to as the “
TT App
”) or through third party applications (including mobile applications and/or websites) that integrate with our Services if you have agreed to use the Services through such third party applications (each a “
Third Party App with TT Integration
”). Remember that your use of Token Transit’s Services is at all times subject to the
Terms of Use
, which incorporates this Privacy Policy. Any terms we use in this Policy without defining them have the definitions given to them in the
Terms of Use
.
Where we collect or process personal information for a transit Agency, additional terms and notices may apply. You may find these, and contact information for the transit agencies we work with
here
. This Privacy Policy includes the following sections. You should read the entire policy; however, you may use the links below to be directed to the information you are seeking:
What Does This Privacy Policy Cover?
This Policy applies to Personal Information, and to other information we gather when you use the Services. It does not apply to the practices of companies we don’t own, control, or manage.
Will Token Transit Ever Change This Privacy Policy?
This Policy may change, so you should review it frequently. If you use the Services after any changes, you agree to the changes.
What Information Does Token Transit Collect and How Is It Used?
Information You Provide To Us.
We receive and store any information you knowingly provide to us. This may include your name, email address, and phone number, email address, payment information such as cardholder information, credit card or debit card and bank information. We use this information to process your transactions and to communicate with you.
Information You Provide for Identity Verification.
We may prompt you to verify your identity with our identity verification services partner if you want to take advantage of discounts that Agencies offer. Our identity verification partner will separately collect your information consistent with its privacy notice and terms of use.
Information Collected Automatically.
When you use the Services, we receive information from your browser or device, including IP address, geolocation data, device identification, “cookie” information, usage patterns, and the type of browser and/or device you’re using. We use this to recognize your browser or device, determine what pages and features of the Services are visited and by how many people, and to customize content and improve the Services.
Third Party App with TT Integration: Information Provided to Us by the Third Party App Provider.
If you use the Services through a Third Party App with TT Integration, the provider of the Third Party App may provide us with personal information linked to your account, such as email or name, session information such as IP address, GPS location, and session token, payment information, and fare payment information (such as transit agency name, fare category and price).
Transit Program Passes: Information Provided to Us by Transit Agencies and Participating Employers and Institutions.
If you participate in a Transit Program offered with an Agency or other institution, the institution offering the Transit Program may provide us unique identifiers such as email address or employee ID, to allow you to participate in the Program. We may share information with the Transit Program Provider to allow them to administer the program, including information such as whether you signed up with us, if you activated or purchased a pass and information about pass use.
Location Information.
We use precise and non-precise location-based data, which may be from your device’s WiFi, Bluetooth, GPS data, cellular data, and other device settings, even when the TT App or a Third Party App with TT Integration is in “background” mode. Some Transit Agencies use ‘beacons’ on their vehicles, and this technology may allow us to determine the distance between your device and those beacons. We may use this information for promotional purposes, to allow you to use the app on the vehicles of some Agencies without opening it, and for analytics. You may be able to adjust the settings on your device so location information is not sent to us. If you do, some features may not work.
Information Collected From Our Websites or Services and Do Not Track Policy.
We may use cookies to collect information about your activity on our Services and use it to improve the Services and customize your experience.
Information Collected From Our Validator.
If you live in a location that provides public transportation benefits to certain individuals, we may have access to your driver’s license number or other government ID number to facilitate your access to, and prevent fraud related to, such benefits when you use our service.
Will Token Transit Share Any of the Personal Information It Receives?
We may share personal information with an Agency to allow it to provide customer support, provide benefits, prevent fraud, and to verify your pass. We also share analytical data to allow the Agency to analyse use of its services. If you are in a Transit Program, we may share information with the entity that offers the program to allow its administration, and in accordance with the privacy policy of that entity. If you make a purchase from an affiliated business through the Service, we may share information related to that transaction with the affiliated business. If you use our Services through a Third Party App with TT Integration, we may provide the Third Party App Provider information required to enable your use of the Services through the Third Party App. We may also share information with agents, analytics services including Google Analytics, and service providers that assist us with the purposes we disclose, or if we enter a business transaction such as a sale or merger.
What Personal Information Can I Access?
You can access some of your information through your account. You may also have a right to access and request correction of your personal information under the applicable law.
How We Protect Personal Information.
While we employ physical, organizational and technological safeguards, no security can provide absolute protection, and we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you provide. We may transfer personal information to other countries, including to the United States.
What Choices Do I Have?
You can opt-out of some of our practices, including location tracking and our commercial communications.
What If I Have Questions About This Policy?
If you have questions, concerns, or would like to submit a complaint, you may contact us at help@tokentransit.com.
What Does This Privacy Policy Cover?
This Privacy Policy covers our treatment of personally identifiable information (“
Personal Information
”) and other types of information that we gather when you are accessing or using our Services, but not to the practices of companies we don’t own or control, or people that we don’t manage. We gather various types of Personal Information from our users, as explained in more detail below, and we use this Personal Information internally in connection with our Services, including to personalize, provide, and improve our services, to allow you to set up a user account and profile, to contact you and allow other users to contact you, to fulfill your requests for certain products and services, and to analyze how you use the Services. In certain cases, we may also share some Personal Information with third parties, but only as described below.
As noted in the
Terms of Use
, we do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13. If you are under 13, please do not attempt to register for the Services or send any personal information about yourself to us. If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you are the parent or legal guardian of a child under 13 and believe that your child under 13 may have provided us personal information, please contact us at
help@tokentransit.com
.
We endeavor to protect the security of your account and other Personal Information we hold in our records, but unfortunately, we cannot guarantee complete security. Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors, may compromise the security of user information at any time. You must prevent unauthorized access to your account and Personal Information by limiting access to your computer or device and browser, for example, by never sharing your log-in information.
Will Token Transit Ever Change This Privacy Policy?
We’re constantly trying to improve our Services, so we may need to change this Privacy Policy from time to time as well, but we will alert you to changes by placing a notice in the TT App or in a Third Party App with TT Integration, on
tokentransit.com
, by sending you an email, and/or by some other means. Please note that if you’ve opted not to receive commercial emails from us we may still email you with these legal (and other service-related) notices; you are responsible for reviewing all updates to our Privacy Policy. If you use the Services after any changes to the Privacy Policy have been posted, that means you agree to all of the changes.
What Information Does Token Transit Collect and How Is It Used?
Information You Provide to Us
We receive and store any information you knowingly provide to us. For example, through the registration process and/or through your account settings, we may collect Personal Information such as your name, email address, and phone number. If you make a purchase through the TT App or through a Third Party App with TT Integration, we may collect information or be provided with information by the provider of the Third Party App with Integration (“
Third Party App Provider
”) needed to process your transaction, and use and disclose it for that purpose. This information may include your email address, full name, and your payment information such as cardholder information, credit card or debit card and bank information. Certain information may be required to register with us or to take advantage of some of our features.
We may communicate with you if you’ve provided us the means to do so. For example, if you’ve given us your email address, where permitted by law, we may send you promotional email offers regarding our Services, on behalf of other businesses, or email you about your use of the Services. If you provide us with your wireless phone number for the purpose of obtaining access to the TT App or use our Services through a Third Party App with TT Integration, you understand and agree that you will receive an access code to enable you to access and use the TT App or use our Services through a Third Party App with TT Integration via text message. This may be sent using automated dialing technology. If you make a purchase, you understand and agree that you may receive a receipt and other transaction documents at the email address you provide. Separately, if you confirm that you want to receive other text or email messages, Token Transit may send you information that may facilitate your use of the Services, which may include Token Transit using automated dialing technology to text you at the wireless number you provided. If you do not want to receive commercial communications from us, please indicate your preference by emailing
help@tokentransit.com
. If you opt-out, you may still receive transaction notices or receipts from us by email if you make a further purchase. We may also collect and use your Personal Information for other purposes which are permitted or required by applicable law, or which we disclose to you and you consent.
Information You Provide for Identity Verification
Some Agencies enable riders to receive discounts based on their status as a member of the military, a person with disabilities, a student, elderly, etc. Those Agencies may require proof of identity before they authorize a rider to receive the discount. TT partners with an identity verification company to obtain that proof in partnership with the Agency.
If you elect to receive a discount based on your status and are required to verify your identity, TT’s identity verification partner will separately collect your personal information, which is subject to its privacy notice and terms. TT does not receive the information you submit to our identity verification partner. The only information TT receives from our partner is an indication whether you are verified not, which TT will pass on to the Agency for the Agency’s records. Please see our identity verification partner’s privacy policy for more information about its data collection and use practices, which it makes available to you when you elect to have your identity verified.
Information Collected Automatically
Whenever you interact with our Services (including through the TT App or through a Third Party App with TT Integration), we automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser or device, which may include your IP address, geolocation data (see below, “Location Information”), device identification, “cookie” information, the type of browser and/or device you’re using to access our Services, and the page or feature you requested. “Cookies” are identifiers we transfer to your browser or device that allow us to recognize your browser or device and tell us how and when pages and features in our Services are visited and by how many people. You may be able to change the preferences on your browser or device to prevent or limit your device’s acceptance of cookies, but this may prevent you from taking advantage of some of our features (for example, you may need to allow for cookies if you want to remain logged into our website over repeat visits).
We may use this data to customize content for you that we think you might like, based on your usage patterns. We may also use it to improve the Services – for example, this data can tell us how often users use a particular feature of the Services, and we can use that knowledge to make the Services interesting to as many users as possible.
Third Party App With TT Integration: Information Provided to Us by the Third Party App Provider
Whenever you interact with our Services through a Third Party App with TT Integration, the third party responsible for the Third Party App with TT Integration (the “
Third Party App Provider
”) may provide us with the following information so that we can provide the Services requested (e.g., make or validate a ticket purchase from within the Third Party App with TT Integration):
Personal Information to link your account with the Third Party App to TT, such as email or phone number;
User session information (each time you interact with the Services via the Third Party App), such as IP address, GPS location, and session token;
Tokenized payment information transmitted in a PCI compliant manner; and
Requested fare payment information (transit agency name, fare category and price, etc.).
If you are using a Third Party App and want to disable sharing of GPS and/or Bluetooth location information to TT, you may do so by disabling location services and/or Bluetooth within the mobile device and/or Third Party App settings, depending on the platform you use to access our Services. Please review the privacy policy and terms of the Third Party App Provider for more information; Token Transit has no control over and is not responsible for such third parties.
Transit Program Passes: Information Provided to Us by Transit Agencies and Participating Employers and Institutions
Some Agencies we work with have transit pass programs (each a “
Transit Program
”) through which the Agency, employers and other institutions enable their employees or other eligible participants to purchase or obtain Transit Program passes through the TT App or through a Third Party App with TT Integration (“
Program Passes
”). This may include, for example, employer and institution passes, as well as “paratransit” and other programs offered by the Agency. Token Transit is not responsible for any such Transit Program. Each Transit Program is offered by the applicable Agency and the participating employer/institution. The Agency offering the Transit Program or the employer or other institution participating in the Transit Program will provide us with unique identifiers, which may include Personal Information (such as your employee email address or employee ID), so that eligible participants are able to obtain Program Passes and participate in the Transit Program through the TT App or our Services via Third Party App with TT Integration. As described below in Program Passes, if you participate in a Transit Program and obtain a Program Pass, we will share information, which may include Personal Information, with the applicable employer, institution, and/or Agency for the purpose of allowing the Agency, employer, or institution to administer the Transit Program in accordance with its terms, and the privacy policy of the Agency, employer, or institution. This information may include, for example, whether the employee/participant signed up with Token Transit for the Transit Program, activated or purchased a pass, and how often the pass was used. We do not control and are not responsible for how the Agency, employer, or other institution participating in the Transit Program uses this information.
Location Information
How do we collect location information?
Our Services make use of precise (and non-precise) location-based data, which may be derived from your mobile device’s WiFi signal, Bluetooth signal, GPS data, your device’s cellular data, and other settings on your device. This data may be collected when your TT App or a Third Party App with TT Integration is in “background” mode, which means it may be collected even if your TT App or a Third Party App with TT Integration is not open, depending on your device settings for the TT App or Third Party App with TT Integration. Some Agencies use “beacons” on their vehicles in conjunction with our Services. These beacons emit a signal and if you have Bluetooth enabled on your device for the TT App or Third Party App with TT Integration, we are able to calculate the range between your device and the Agency beacon. The use of beacons with our Service improves our ability to connect the user to a specific vehicle. If you are using our Service through the TT App, we will provide you with notification of this location tracking, its purpose, and information regarding your options within the TT App. If you are using the Service through a Third Party App, the Third Party App Provider, not TT, is responsible for providing you with notification of this location tracking, its purpose, and information regarding your options within the Third Party App with TT Integration.
How do we use location information?
We use, and may share with Agencies, precise and non-precise location information for different purposes, including, (i) to present nearby options and promotions that may be relevant to you (for example, to select Agencies that are closest to you so you can purchase passes from them through the Service without having to locate and select the Agency manually in the TT App), (ii) with some Agencies to enable the use of the TT App to ride on vehicles without the need for you to open the TT App or provide visual verification that you purchased a pass, and (iii) for analytics purposes to improve our Service and the service of the Agencies; for example, in connection with Agencies we work with, we may use location data to determine when users of our Service board and depart vehicles, and at which stops, which helps determine how popular individual origin and destination stops are at different times of day and how many miles users of our Service have traveled. We may also share this location analytics data with Agencies for their own ridership reporting requirements and/or planning purposes (e.g., to help them improve their services). The Third Party App Provider may also collect location data when you use the Third Party App with TT Integration; TT is not responsible for any Third Party App Provider.
What choices do you have regarding collection of location information?
You may be able to adjust the settings of your device so that information about your physical location is not sent to us by (a) disabling location services and/or Bluetooth within the mobile device and/or mobile app settings, depending on the platform you use to access our Services or (b) denying certain websites or services permission to access location information by changing the relevant preferences and permissions in your browser settings.
Please be advised, for some features of our Service to function, you may be required to enable location services and/or Bluetooth for the TT App or the Third Party App (if you are using the Services through a Third Party App); in some cases opting out may disable your ability to use the Services or features within the TT App or Third Party App to buy and use transit passes (including when this is required by an Agency’s policy).
Information Collected From Our Websites or Services and Do Not Track Policy
Through cookies we place on your browser or device, we may collect information about your online activity on our Services. Just like any other usage information we collect, this information allows us to improve the Services and customize your experience on the Services, and otherwise as described in this Privacy Policy. Your browser may offer you a “Do Not Track” option, which allows you to signal to operators of websites and web applications and services (including behavioral advertising services) that you do not wish such operators to track certain of your online activities over time and across different websites and services. Our Services do not support Do Not Track requests at this time, which means that we collect information about your online activity both while you are using the Services and after you leave our Services. We do not currently use online behavioral tracking advertising over time and across websites on our Services.
Information Collected From Our Validator.
If you live in a location that provides public transportation benefits to certain individuals, we may have access to your driver’s license number or other government ID number to facilitate your access to, and prevent fraud related to, such benefits when you use our service.
Will Token Transit Share Any of the Personal Information It Receives?
Although we may use information that is not Personal Information without restriction by this Privacy Policy, we do not rent or sell your Personal Information in personally identifiable form, provided certain Personal Information may be transferred in connection with business transfers, as described below. We may share your Personal Information with third parties as described in this section:
Transit Agencies.
We may share your Personal Information with an Agency (a) to enable that Agency to provide you with customer support regarding your use of our Services with that Agency, (b) to provide you transportation-related benefits to which you may be entitled, (c) to prevent fraud related to such benefits, and (d) to allow the Agency to verify that you have an appropriate transit pass in the TT App or Third Party App with TT Integration when you ride the Agency’s vehicles, including Transit Program passes (described above). We may also share analytical data to assist the Agency in analyzing its services by sharing information such as when and where users of our Service board and depart Agency vehicles and the frequency that riders use different types Agency passes. We have no control over the policies and practices of Agencies as to privacy or anything else, so if you choose to take part in any transaction or service relating to any Agencies, including purchasing transit passes for use with an Agency, please review their policies.
Program Passes.
If you participate in a Transit Program and obtain a Program Pass, we will share information, which may include Personal Information, with the applicable employer, institution, and/or Agency for the purpose of allowing the Agency, employer, or institution to administer the Transit Program in accordance with its terms, and the privacy policy of the Agency, employer, or institution. This information may include, for example, whether the employee/participant signed up with Token Transit for the Transit Program, activated or purchased a pass, and how often the pass was used. We do not control and are not responsible for how the Agency, employer, or other institution participating in the Transit Program uses this information.
Affiliated Businesses.
In certain situations, businesses or third party websites and services we’re affiliated with may sell or provide products or services to you through or in connection with the Services (either alone or jointly with us). You can recognize when an affiliated business is associated with such a transaction or service, and we may share your Personal Information with that affiliated business only to the extent that it is related to such transaction or service. We have no control over the policies and practices of third party websites services as to privacy or anything else, so if you choose to take part in any transaction or service relating to an affiliated website or service, please review all such services’ or websites’ policies.
Agents and Service Providers.
We employ other companies and people to perform tasks on our behalf and need to share your information with them to provide products or services to you; for example, we may use a payment processing company to receive and process your credit card transactions for us and a telecommunications company to send our text messages to you. Unless we tell you differently, our agents do not have any right to use the Personal Information we share with them beyond what is necessary to assist us.
Third Party App Providers.
When you use our Services through a Third Party App with TT Integration to purchase or use a transit pass, we may provide the Third Party App Provider information required to enable your use of the Services through the Third Party App with TT Integration, such as a Session ID (which is TT’s version of the account creation token), a pass ID, and payment verification information. The Third Party App Provider’s use of this data is subject to its own privacy policy. Please review the privacy policy and terms of the Third Party App Provider for more information; Token Transit has no control over and is not responsible for such third parties.
Payment Services.
We offer Stripe integration. All Stripe, Inc. transactions made through the Services (whether through the TT App or a Third Party App with TT Integration) are subject to the Stripe Privacy Policy available at https://stripe.com/privacy. We do not control Stripe’s use of the data it collects.
Business Transfers.
We may choose to buy assets or sell our business assets, and may share and/or transfer customer information in connection with the evaluation of and entry into such transactions. Also, if we (or our assets) are acquired, or if we go out of business, enter bankruptcy, or go through some other change of control, Personal Information could be one of the assets transferred to or acquired by a third party.
Information that’s been de-identified.
We may de-identify your Personal Information so that you are not identified as an individual, and provide that information to our partners without restriction. We may also provide aggregate usage information to our partners (or allow partners to collect that information from you), who may use such information to understand how often and in what ways people use our Services, so that they, too, can provide you with an optimal experience.
Analytics.
Token Transit uses third party analytics services, including Google Analytics to collect and analyze this data, as described
here
.
Protection of Token Transit and Others.
We reserve the right to access, read, preserve, and disclose any information that we believe is necessary to comply with law or court order; enforce or apply our
Terms of Use
and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Token Transit, our employees, our users, or others.
We may also disclose your Personal Information for other purposes which are permitted or required by applicable law, or which we disclose to you and your consent.
What Personal Information Can I Access?
Through your account settings, you may access, and, in some cases, edit or delete the following information you’ve provided to us:
name
email
address
user profile information
The information you can view, update, and delete through your account settings may change as the Services change. You may have a right under applicable law to request access to your Personal Information and to request a correction to it if you believe it is inaccurate. If you have submitted Personal Information to Token Transit and would like to have access to it, or if you would like to have it removed or corrected, please contact us at
help@tokentransit.com
. We will try to comply with your request; however, in some cases we may not be able to allow you to access certain Personal Information in certain circumstances, for example if it contains Personal Information of other persons, or for legal reasons. If you request access to your Personal Information, and we may charge you a fee for such access, you will be informed of such fee and will have the opportunity to choose whether to proceed. We may require you to verify your identity before we are able to provide you with your Personal Information. If you have any questions about viewing or updating information we have on file about you, please contact us at
help@tokentransit.com
.
How We Protect Personal Information
We help protect your Personal Information by maintaining physical, organizational and technological safeguards intended to help protect against unauthorized use, disclosure or access. Personal Information may be accessed by persons within our organization, or our third-party service providers and the other entities described in this privacy policy, who require such access to carry out the purposes indicated above, or such other purposes as may be permitted or required by the applicable law. Personal Information we collect is managed from our offices located in San Francisco, United States.
The length of time we retain Personal Information varies, depending on the purpose for which it was collected and the nature of the information. This period may extend beyond the end of your relationship with us.
Although we have taken measures to help protect Personal Information that we have collected from unauthorized use, access, disclosure, misuse, alteration or destruction, no security measures can provide absolute protection. We cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you provide to us.
Some or all of the Personal Information we collect may be stored or processed on servers located outside your jurisdiction of residence, including in the United States, whose data protection laws may differ from the jurisdiction in which you live. As a result, this information may be subject to access requests from governments, courts, or law enforcement in those jurisdictions according to laws in those jurisdictions.
What Choices Do I Have?
You can always opt not to disclose certain information to us, and you may be able to opt out of or disable certain location tracking features as described above, but keep in mind some information may be needed to register with us and use the Services or to take advantage of some of our features.
You may be able to add, update, or delete information as explained above. When you update information, however, we may maintain a copy of the unrevised information in our records. You may request deletion of your account by contacting
help@tokentransit.com
. Some information may remain in our records after your deletion of such information from your account. We may use any aggregated data derived from or incorporating your Personal Information after you update or delete it, but not in a manner that would identify you personally.
What If I Have Questions About This Policy?
If you have any questions or concerns regarding our privacy policy, or would like to access or correct your personal information or to submit a complaint, please send us a detailed message to
help@tokentransit.com
, and we will try to resolve your concerns. You may also contact our Privacy Officer at: 1015 Fillmore St. PMB 68827 San Francisco, CA 94115.
‍