Privacy Policy – Mobile Apps and Games
This Privacy Policy explains how information about you is collected, used and disclosed by Hellgeeks.com or the independent developer “Asad Shoaib” when you use the mobile applications developed and published by “Hellgeeks.com” or “Asad Shoaib” or apps listed under the developer name “HG-Research” on google play store which are developed and published by Asad Shoaib.
This policy applies to all of our games, whether played on our website www.hellgeeks.com, on mobile devices, PC or on other platforms such as Facebook. It also applies to our advertising activities on all platforms as described below and other services that we may provide to you from time to time. In this policy we refer to our games, websites, advertising activities and other services collectively as our “Services”.
By accepting our Privacy Policy, you agree to let “Hellgeeks.com” or “Asad Shoaib” or apps listed under the developer name “HG-Research” on google play store to collect, use and disclose information about you in accordance with the purposes listed below.
The App is not intended for use by children under 13 and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13.
By downloading, accessing and/or playing our games, or interacting with our websites or other Services, you agree to the use of your information in accordance with this privacy policy. If you have any concerns about providing information to us or it being used as described in this privacy policy you should not use our games or other Services.
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of the policy and, depending on the specific changes, we may provide you with additional notice or require a renewed consent (e.g., by adding a statement to our website’s homepage or in the App). We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy whenever you access the App to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy.
Collection of Information
Information You Provide to Us
Our Apps may ask you to submit the personal information directly like your name, gender and email on user profile sections. Mostly, we collect information by using and authenticating by third party services like Facebook and google accounts.
Information We Collect Automatically through the App
When you access or use the App, we automatically collect information about you, including:
Log Information:
We log information about your use of the App, including the type of device you use, the features you use, access times, and your IP address.
Device Information:
We collect information about the device you use to access the App, including information about the device’s software and hardware, unique device identifiers, push or other device tokens, mobile network information and time zone.
Usage Information:
We collect information relating to your use of the App, including your game progress, scores, achievements and interactions with other players.
Consumption information:
We collect information about your consumption habits relating to your use of the App, including which purchases you make with both virtual and real currencies.
Information We Collect from Other Sources
We may also obtain information from other sources and combine that with information we collect through the App. For example, if you log into the App using a third-party site or platform such as Facebook, we may access information about you from that site or platform, such as your screen name, profile information and friend lists, in accordance with the authorization procedures determined by such third party site or platform. We may also collect information from app stores when you download or update one of our applications.
If you log into the App using a third‐party site or platform, you represent and warrant that:
(i) Your access and use of such features in connection with the App will comply with the applicable terms and policies of such site or platform.
And
(ii) That you are at least 13 years of age.
Use of Information
We may use information about you for various purposes, including to:
Provide, maintain and improve the App.
Develop new apps, sites and services.
Provide and deliver the products and services you request and send you related information.
Send you technical notices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages.
Provide news and information about the App we think will be of interest to you.
Personalize and improve the App and provide tailored content and features.
Monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with the App.
Link or combine with information we get from others to help understand your needs and provide you with better services and Carry out any other purpose for which the information was collected.
By accepting our Privacy Policy or otherwise providing information to us, you consent to the processing and transfer of information in and to the U.S. and other countries.
Sharing of Information
We may share information about you as follows or as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy:
With vendors, consultants and other service providers who need access to such information to carry out work on our behalf;
In response to a request for information if we believe disclosure is in accordance with any applicable law, regulation or legal process, or as otherwise required by any applicable law, rule or regulation;
If we believe your actions are inconsistent with the spirit or language of our user agreements or policies, or to protect the rights, property and safety of Hellgeeks.com or others.
In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company and With your consent or at your direction.
If you log into the App using a third-­‐party service, such as Facebook or Apple Game Center, we may share information provided by those services with other players for certain in‐app features, such as Leaderboards.
We also may share aggregated information or de‐identified information, which cannot reasonably be used to identify you.
Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application?
Only aggregated, anonymized data is periodically transmitted to external services to aid the Service Provider in improving the Application and their service. The Service Provider may share your information with third parties in the ways that are described in this privacy statement.
Please note that the Application utilizes third-party services that have their own Privacy Policy about handling data. Below are the links to the Privacy Policy of the third-party service providers used by the Application:
with their trusted services providers who work on their behalf, do not have an independent use of the information we disclose to them, and have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this privacy statement.
Google Play Services
AdMob
Google Analytics for Firebase
Unity
The Service Provider may disclose User Provided and Automatically Collected Information:
as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;
when they believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect their rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
Social Sharing Features
The App may offer social sharing features and other integrated tools (such as the Facebook “Like” button), which let you share actions you take in the App with other media, and vice versa. You must be at least 13 years of age to use any social sharing features integrated in the App. The use of such features enables the sharing of information with your friends or the public, depending on the settings you establish with the entity that provides the social sharing feature. For more information about the purpose and scope of data collection and processing in connection with social sharing features, please visit the privacy policies of the entities that provide these features.
Promotion, Advertising and Analytics Services Provided by Others
We promote our own games and services in a number of ways. That might include cross promoting one of our games while you are playing a different game of ours. It might also include advertising our games within websites and other media published by others, or sending you marketing materials by email.
We may allow third parties to serve contextual advertisements and provide analytic’s services in connection with the App. These entities may use various identifiers to collect information about your use of the App, including your IP address, MAC address, device identifiers, software and hardware information, time zone and usage information. This information may be used by “Hellgeeks.com” or “Asad Shoaib” and others to, among other things, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver contextual advertising and content and better understand your activity on the App. Third-party ad serving and analytics technologies are integrated into the App, so if you do not want to be subject to these technologies, do not use or access the App.
Google Adsense
Some of the ads may be served by Google. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to Users based on their visit to our Site and other sites on the Internet. DART uses “non personally identifiable information” and does NOT track personal information about you, such as your name, email address, physical address, etc. You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at
http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
In-App Purchases
Our Applications enable in-app purchases.
Although some of our Applications are free, they include in-app purchases. In-app purchases may be made only upon entering the app store password and you are responsible for maintaining the security of such password. Your authentication and security maintaining is subject to specific terms of the app store and the OS of your mobile device. You should be aware of the iOS’ 15-minute and Android’s 30-minute window after the downloading of an Application, during which in-app purchases may be made without inserting an in-app store password. You should also take into account that OS 2.1 or older versions of Android mobile phones do not require entering of the app store account password to carry out in-app purchases.
Security
“Hellgeeks.com” or “Asad Shoaib” takes reasonable measures to help protect information about you from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.
Your Choices
Account Information
You may request that we update, correct or delete information about you at any time by emailing us at admin@hellgeeks.com, but note that we may retain certain information as required by law or for legitimate business purposes. We may also retain cached or archived copies of information about you for a certain period.
Push Notifications
With your consent, we may send push notifications or alerts to your mobile device to provide game‐related information, service updates, promotional communications and other related messages. You can deactivate these notifications by changing your notification settings on your device.
Storage of Information
“Hellgeeks.com” or “Asad Shoaib” will store your information for as long as necessary in order to provide you with the App.
Changes to this privacy policy
“Hellgeeks.com” or “Asad Shoaib” has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using our Services, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Services. Your continued use of our Services following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at admin@hellgeeks.com.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Advertising
Advertising keeps Google and many of the websites and services you use free of charge. We work hard to make sure that ads are safe, unobtrusive, and as relevant as possible. For example, you won’t see pop-up ads on Google, and we terminate the accounts of hundreds of thousands of publishers and advertisers that violate our policies each year – including ads containing malware, ads for counterfeit goods, or ads that attempt to misuse your personal information.
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses cookies in advertising
Cookies help to make advertising more effective. Without cookies, it’s harder for an advertiser to reach its audience, or to know how many ads were shown and how many clicks they received.
Many websites, such as news sites and blogs, partner with Google to show ads to their visitors. Working with our partners, we may use cookies for a number of purposes, such as to stop you from seeing the same ad over and over again, to detect and stop click fraud, and to show ads that are likely to be more relevant (such as ads based on websites you have visited).
We store a record of the ads we serve in our logs. These
server logs
typically include your web request, IP address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser or, if you are signed-in, that may uniquely identify you. We store this data for a number of reasons, the most important of which are to improve our services and to maintain the security of our systems. We anonymize this log data by removing part of the IP address (after 9 months) and cookie information (after 18 months).
Our advertising cookies
To help our partners manage their advertising and websites, we offer many products, including AdSense, AdWords, Google Analytics, and a range of DoubleClick-branded services. When you visit a page or see an ad that uses one of these products, either on Google services or on other sites and apps, various cookies may be sent to your browser.
These may be set from a few different domains, including google.com, doubleclick.net, googlesyndication.com, or googleadservices.com, or the domain of our partners’ sites. Some of our advertising products enable our partners to use other services in conjunction with ours (like an ad measurement and reporting service), and these services may send their own cookies to your browser. These cookies will be set from their domains.
See more detail about the
types of cookies used by Google
and our partners and
how we use them
.
How you can control advertising cookies
You can use
ad settings
to manage the Google ads you see and turn off personalized ads. Even if you turn off personalized ads, you may still see ads based on factors such as your general location derived from your IP address, your browser type, and your search terms.
You can also manage many companies’ cookies used for online advertising via the consumer choice tools created under self-regulation programs in many countries, such as the US-based
aboutads.info choices
page or the EU-based
Your Online Choices
.
Finally, you can
manage cookies in your web browser
.
Other technologies used in advertising
Google’s advertising systems may use other technologies, including Flash and HTML5, for functions like display of interactive ad formats. We may use the
IP address
, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also select advertising based on information about your computer or device, such as the time and date, your device model, browser type, or sensors in your device like the accelerometer.
Location
Google’s ad products may receive or infer information about your location from a variety of sources. For example, we may use the IP address to identify your general location; we may receive precise location from your mobile device; we may infer your location from your search queries; and websites or apps that you use may send information about your location to us.  Google uses location information in our ads products to infer demographic information, to improve the relevance of the ads you see, to measure ad performance and to report aggregate statistics to advertisers.
Advertising identifiers for mobile apps
To serve ads in services where cookie technology may not be available (for example, in mobile applications), we may use technologies that perform similar functions to cookies. Sometimes Google links the identifier used for advertising on mobile applications to an advertising cookie on the same device in order to coordinate ads across your mobile apps and mobile browser. This can happen, for example, when you see an ad within an app that launches a web page in your mobile browser. This also helps us improve the reports we give to our advertisers on the effectiveness of their campaigns.
Ads you see on your device may be personalized based on its Advertising ID. On Android devices, you can:
Reset your device’s advertising ID
, which replaces the current ID with a new one. Apps can still show you personalized ads, but for a while they may not be as relevant or interesting to you.
Delete your device’s advertising ID
, which deletes the advertising ID and doesn't assign a new one. Apps can still show you ads, but they may not be as relevant or interesting to you. You won't see ads based on this advertising ID, but you may still see ads based on other factors, like the information you’ve shared with apps.
To make changes to the advertising ID on your Android device, follow the instructions below.
Android
Reset your device’s advertising ID
To reset your device’s advertising ID:
On your Android device, go to
Settings
.
Tap
Privacy
>
Ads
.
Tap
Reset advertising ID
and confirm your changes.
Delete your device’s advertising ID
To delete your device’s advertising ID:
On your Android device, go to
Settings
.
Tap
Privacy
>
Ads
.
Tap
Delete advertising ID
and confirm your changes.
Your advertising ID will be reset or deleted, but apps may have their own settings using other types of identifiers, which can also affect the types of ads you see.
On some older versions of Android
If your Android device’s version is 4.4 or older:
Open
Settings
Tap
Privacy
>
Advanced
>
Ads
Turn on
Opt out of Ads Personalization
and confirm your changes.
iOS
Devices with iOS use Apple’s Advertising Identifier. To learn more about your choices for use of this identifier, visit the
Settings
app on your device.
Connected TV/Over-the-Top
Advertising identifiers for connected TV
Connected TVs are another area where cookie technology is not available, and, instead, Google will rely on device identifiers designed for use in advertising to serve ads. Many connected TV devices support an identifier for advertising that is similar in function to mobile device identifiers. These identifiers are built to give users the option to reset them or to opt out of personalized advertising entirely.
The following “Ads” settings are available on TVs with the following consistent language:
Reset advertising ID
Delete advertising ID
Opt out of Ads Personalization (on or off)
Ads by Google (links to About Google ad personalization)
Your advertising ID (long string)
These Ads settings are available in the following paths on Google TV and Android TV respectively.
Google TV
Consistent path to Ads:
Settings
Privacy
Ads
Android TV
Ads settings show up in one of two general paths for Android TV depending on the TV manufacturer/model. In Android TV, partners have the freedom to adapt the Settings path. It’s up to the partner which path they use to best fit their custom TV experience but below are the common paths to Ad settings.
Path A:
Settings
About
Legal Information
Ads
Path B:
Settings
Devices Preferences
About
Legal Information
Ads
Non-Google Devices
Many connected TV devices support identifiers for advertising and offer ways for users to opt out of personalized advertising. A full list of those devices, and ways users can opt out, is kept updated on the Network Advertising Initiative’s website here:
https://thenai.org/opt-out/connected-tv-choices/
.
What determines the ads by Google that I see?
Many decisions are made to determine which ad you see.
Sometimes the ad you see is based on your current or past location. Your IP address is usually a good indication of your approximate location. So you might see an ad on the homepage of YouTube.com that promotes a forthcoming movie in your country, or a search for ‘pizza’ might return results for pizza places in your town.
Sometimes the ad you see is based on the context of a page. If you’re looking at a page of gardening tips, you might see ads for gardening equipment.
Sometimes you might also see an ad on the web that’s based on your app activity or activity on Google services; an in-app ad that’s based on your web activity; or an ad based on your activity on another device.
Sometimes the ad you see on a page is served by Google but selected by another company. For example, you might have registered with a newspaper website. From information you’ve given the newspaper, it can make decisions about which ads to show you, and it can use Google’s ad serving products to deliver those ads.
The ad you see on a household device, such as a connected TV (such as a Smart TV), may be related to the web or app activity from devices within the same household.
You may also see ads on Google products and services, including Search, Gmail, and YouTube, based on information, such as your email address, that you provided to advertisers and the advertisers then shared with Google.
Why am I seeing ads by Google for products I’ve viewed?
You may see ads for products you previously viewed. Let’s suppose you visit a website that sells golf clubs, but you don’t buy those clubs on your first visit. The website owner might want to encourage you to return and complete your purchase. Google offers services that let website operators target their ads to people who visited their pages.
For this to work, Google either reads a cookie that’s already in your browser or places a cookie in your browser when you visit the golfing site (assuming your browser lets this happen).
When you visit another site that works with Google, which may have nothing to do with golfing, you might see an ad for those golf clubs. That’s because your browser sends Google the same cookie. In turn, we may use that cookie to serve you an ad that could encourage you to buy those golf clubs.
Your visit to the golfing site may also be used by Google to show you personalized ads when you later search for golf clubs on Google.
We do have restrictions on this type of ad. For example, we prohibit advertisers from selecting an audience based on sensitive information, such as health information or religious beliefs.
Learn more about
Google ads
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 1
https://www.hellgeeks.com/privacy-policy/:
Home
»
Uncategorized
»
Privacy Policy
Uncategorized
Privacy Policy
royal52
Aug 27, 2015
765
Views
Save
Saved
Removed
0
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site or subscribe to our newsletter.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name or e-mail address. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy..
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
; To personalize your experience
(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
; To improve our website
(we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
; To send periodic emails
The email address you provide may be used to send you information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information.
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information
We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits, keep track of advertisements and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
To EU Users:
Please read our disclosure notice as part of our compliance to the EU user consent policy:
Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user’s prior visits to your website.
Google’s use of the DoubleClick cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and/or other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DoubleClick cookie for interest-based advertising by visiting
Ads Settings
. You can also check
http://www.aboutads.info/
on how to opt out of third-party vendor’s use of cookies for interest-based advertising
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at
www.hellgeeks.com
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our
websites privacy policy
.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
www.hellgeeks.com
support@hellgeeks.com
This policy is powered by Free Privacy Policy and Rhino Support
help desk software
.
5/5 - (1 vote)
Save
Saved
Removed
0
Previous
Switch Statement in C++ with examples
Next
Contact Us
royal52
I’m a DevSecOps Software engineer by profession and a SEO hobbyist. I’m passionate about everything Software, including game development.
Related Articles
Added to wishlist
Removed from wishlist
0
About Us
Added to wishlist
Removed from wishlist
0
Contact Us
Popular
Comments
How to use Node-Red plugin node-bacnet-contrib-extended to read Bacnet Devices
Node-Red
12371
How to Use Java Code in HTML
Java
58722
Sequential Search in C++ with examples
C++
36794
World Cricket Championship 2 PC Tips and Tricks
Games
3882
ArrayList in C++ with Examples
C++
56024
Shane Corn
...
Extensive Guide on NFT Marketplace Development: Features, Examples, and Cost
Jayesh
...
How to use Node-Red plugin node-bacnet-contrib-extended to read Bacnet Devices
waseem
...
Two Dimensional Arrays in C++ with examples
Habiba Fazal Ahmed Fazly
...
Two Dimensional Arrays in C++ with examples
nealbricker
...
The Top VR Gift Guide For Those Who Haven’t a Clue
Find a
Freelancer
What service are you looking for?
Home
C++
Java
PHP
Node-Red
NodeJS
Docker
Cyber Security
WordPress
Technology
UI/UX
Business and Marketing