Privacy policy
Data Controller and Contact Information:
AeroGuest ApS
Klostergade 28, 8000 Aarhus
CVR no.: 37348724
Telephone: +45 6060 6670
E-mail address: support@aeroguest.com
Subscribe to a newsletter
Purpose:
Issue of newsletter.
Our legal basis for the treatment:
A. 6, Stk. 1, letter f:
It is expected that we process contact information when the registered person himself wishes to receive the newsletter.
Storage of your personal information:
We store your contact information for as long as you wish to receive newsletters. If you unsubscribe from the newsletter, your information will be deleted accordingly. If you for a longer period, of approx. 1 year, have not opened our mails we will re-evaluate the relevance of our treatment.
If you are applying for a job with us
Purpose:
Assessment of the candidate's qualifications with regard to employment.
Types of personal information:
General identification information, contact information and employment conditions.
Our legal basis for the treatment:
A. 6, Stk. 1, letter f:
It is expected that we process the information that the candidate himself wishes to send to us.
Storage of your personal information:
We store your contact information for as long as you wish to receive newsletters. If you unsubscribe from the newsletter, your information will be deleted accordingly. If you for a longer period, of approx. 1 year, have not opened our mails we will re-evaluate the relevance of our treatment.
When you enter into a dialogue regarding Cooperation
Purpose:
Contact and dialogue regarding potential collaboration.
Types of personal information:
General contact and identification information.
Our legal basis for the treatment:
A. 6, Stk. 1, letter b: The data subject is the signer of a contract.
A. 6, Stk. 1, letter c: The registered person is att. Ifm. purchase and payment, cf. the Accounting Act.
A. 6, Stk. 1, letter f: It is reasonable that the data subject, due to his position, is included in the customer relationship.
Your personal information comes from:
In connection with the start of the collaboration, information is received on the relevant persons from the customer's who are involved in the collaboration. The personal information can be sent by employees of the customer company.
Storage of your personal information:
We store your personal information throughout the duration of the collaboration. Upon termination or termination of the collaboration, the information is stored for up to 5 more years. We immediately delete personal information on employees who have resigned from their position when we are notified.
When you attend morning meetings, events, webinars, etc.
Purpose:
Registration and identification of participants, as well as contact option if relevant.
Our legal basis for the treatment:
6 pieces. 1, letter f:
It is reasonable that we can identify our participants and contact them if appropriate.
Storage of personal data:
The information is stored for up to 2 years.
Personal information can be passed on to:
Speakers and possibly co-organizers. Information about these will always appear in the specific invitations, hand-outs, etc.
Your rights
Under the Data Protection Regulation, you have a number of rights in relation to our processing of information about you.
If you want to make use of your rights, please contact us.
Right to access your information:
You have the right to access the information we process about you, as well as a number of additional information.
Right to rectification:
You have the right to have incorrect information about yourself corrected.
Right to delete:
In special cases, you have the right to have information about you deleted before the time of our general general deletion occurs.
Right to limitation of treatment:
In certain cases, you have the right to have the processing of your personal data restricted. If you have the right to have the processing restricted, we may in future only process the information - apart from storage - with your consent, or for the purpose of establishing, enforcing or defending legal claims or to protect a person or important public interests.
Right to object:
In certain cases, you have the right to object to our otherwise lawful processing of your personal data.
You can also object to the processing of your information for direct marketing.
Right to transmit information:
In certain cases, you have the right to receive your personal information in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and to have this personal information transferred from one data controller to another without hindrance.
Right to withdraw consent:
If the treatment is based on a consent, then you have the right to withdraw this consent.
You can read more about your rights in the Danish Data Protection Agency's guide to the data subjects' rights, which you will find at
www.datatilsynet.dk
.
Complaint to the Danish Data Protection Agency
You have the right to lodge a complaint with the Danish Data Protection Agency if you are dissatisfied with the way we process your personal data. You will find the Danish Data Protection Agency's contact information at
www.datatilsynet.dk
.
Data Deletion Instructions
To delete your data you simply need to delete your account.
In order to do so, click the profile button in the upper left corner to enter your profile settings.
Once inside click on Contact Information and scroll to the bottom. Here you will see Delete Account. Click this and your account and data will be deleted.