About Us
FAQ
Affiliates
Success Story
3Fun Privacy Notice
Last updated: October 17, 2024
Privacy Notice
Welcome to 3Fun’s Privacy Notice. Thank you for taking the time to read it.
Please read this Privacy Notice carefully before accessing or using our services. If you have any questions about this Privacy Notice or how we use your personal information, please contact us using the contact details set out below.
What this Privacy Notice covers
This Privacy Notice applies to websites, apps, events and other services that post or link to this Privacy Notice or are operated by 3Fun Limited (
"3Fun"
,
"we"
,
"us"
or
"our"
). For simplicity, we refer to all of these as our "services" in this Privacy Notice.
Some services may require their own unique privacy notice. Unless otherwise stated, if a particular service has its own privacy notice, then that notice -- not this Privacy Notice -- applies.
This Privacy Notice sets out how we collect, store, transfer, share and use information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, to a person (
"personal information"
) when you sign up to, access and use the services.
This Privacy Notice does not cover our use of information that is not "personal information" or a similarly defined term under applicable law. This means that it does not cover our use of aggregated information.
Where applicable law permits, this Privacy Notice also does not cover deidentified information, meaning information that is maintained in a form that is not reasonably capable of being associated with or linked to an individual (please note that this would not apply to personal information collected from you if you are in the UK, EEA or Switzerland).
This Privacy Notice also does not cover or address personal information and privacy practices relating to 3Fun job applicants, employees or other personnel.
Part 1
of this Privacy Notice sets out:
1. Information we collect and how we use it;
2. Cookies and other similar data collection technologies;
3. How we share information;
4. Control over your information;
5. Information about your rights;
6. Where we store your information;
7. How long we retain your information;
8. Children's privacy;
9. Privacy Notice changes; and;
10. How to contact us;
Part 2
of this Privacy Notice sets out additional information for users in the United States of America, and
Part 3
of this privacy notice sets out additional information for users in the European Economic Area and the United Kingdom.
Part 1
1. Information we collect and how we use it
We collect information that you provide to us when you set up your profile on our services, sign up for VIP access, and use our services to interact with other users. We also collect certain information automatically about how you use our services and your device.
Some of the information we collect is classed as "sensitive" or "special category" personal information, such as your sexual orientation and information about your sex life. You do not have to provide this information to use our services,However, not providing this information may impair your ability to find friends or matches. If you do provide this information, you can remove this information at any time using the applicable functionalities of our services (for more information, see the “
Control over your information
” section below).
Information you provide when you set up your profile with us
We will collect the following information from you when you set up your account and profile on our services:
Contact information
, including your email address or phone number. If you use your email address or phone number to log in to our services, we will use this information to authenticate you and grant you access to your account, as well as to send you relevant service-related information. You can also add an email address and password to your account at a later date to facilitate account recovery.
Basic profile information
, including your username, and profile picture (including meta data with respect to such pictures). We will use this information to set up your public profile on our services (i.e., your profile that will be visible to other users of the services).
Additional and verification pictures
. You can add additional pictures to your public profile, as well as a verification photo which will be analysed to verify your identity by checking that the photos you have uploaded are all of the same person. If you consent, we may access your device's camera roll to collect your photos and videos (for instance, if you want to publish a photo, video or streaming on the services). Please see the "
Photo Verification
" section below for more information about how we verify your photos.
Your date of birth
. We will use this information to verify that you are old enough to use our services and will display your age in your public profile.
Your sex and gender
. This will be displayed in your public profile to allow you to match with other users looking to meet individuals of your sex and gender.
Your bio
. We will give you the opportunity to introduce yourself and provide a short description about yourself and your interests that can be displayed to other users on our services. You can also provide a more private description that will only be visible to users you have matched with.
Your preferences
, such as your sexual orientation and who you are looking to meet through our services (such as people of the same or opposite sex or gender, or same or different sex couples). This will be displayed in your public profile and used to match you with other users.
Phone contacts.
You can upload your phone contacts to our services to block any individuals in your contacts list from matching with you on our services.
Information about your partner or their account
. If you join our services as a couple, we will either collect the above information about your partner or allow you to link your partner's account to your account, and display that information in your public profile to allow you to match with other users together. You should ensure that you have your partner's permission before providing their information to us through the services.
If you set up a VIP account on our services, we will also collect the following information:
Subscription confirmation
. You can sign up to our services as a VIP through your Google or Apple app store account. When you do so, we will receive confirmation from Google or Apple that you have paid to subscribe as a VIP in order to give you access to the VIP features of our services.
VIP status
. We use this to give you access to the VIP features of our services, as further described in our
FAQs
.
Information obtained through your use of our services
We may collect the following information that you upload to our services when you use our services:
Users you have matched with
. When you and another user both select to match with each other, we use this information to allow you to communicate with that other user, including sending messages, setting up voice calls, sharing private pictures and other content. We will also display profile updates from users you have matched with in the "Activity" section of your profile.
Users you have viewed and passed
. If you view another user's profile but do not select to match with that user, we will store and display that user's profile to you in the "Passed" section of your profile so that you can review it again and change your mind. We will also use this information to stop that other user from appearing again when you browse potential matches.
Users you have liked
. We will display to you the profiles of the users you have liked in the "You like" section of your profile, and notify those users that you have liked them so they can decide if they want to be matched with you.
Users who have liked your profile
. We will display to you the profiles of the users who have viewed and liked your profile, so that you can decide if you want to be matched with them.
Chats and video calls with other users
. We provide chat and video call functionalities that enable you to send messages, pictures and other content to other users you have matched with through our services, and to set up and attend video calls with those users through our services.
Last login
. We make this information available to VIP users on our services to help them identify active users to match with. We also use this to identify inactive accounts for deletion.
If you contact our customer care team, we will collect the information you give us during the interaction. Sometimes, we monitor or record these interactions for training purposes and to ensure a high quality of service.
When you participate in surveys or focus groups, you give us your insights into our products and services, responses to our questions and testimonials.
When you choose to participate in our promotions, events or contests, we collect the information that you use to register or enter.
If you ask us to communicate with or otherwise process information of other people (for example, if you ask us to send an email on your behalf to one of your friends), we collect the information about others that you give us in order to complete your request.
If you submit a story through our Stories Feature, we will collect the content of the story (including any text and images) and your contact details. Please see the "Stories" section below for more information.
Information we collect from others
In addition to the information you provide us directly, we receive information about you from others, including:
Other Users
. Other users may provide information about you as they use our services. For instance, we will collect information about you if other users add you to their profile as their partner or contact us about you.
Social Media
. You may be able to use your social media login (such as Facebook Login) to create and log in to your 3Fun account. The data we receive is dependent upon an individual’s privacy settings with the social network, but in order to allow you to log in to your account we will need to access your name and email address, as well as confirmation that you have logged in to that social media account, in order to authenticate you and grant you access to our services.
When you log in with Facebook, we will obtain your email and ID on Facebook. This ID is used as the unique identifier to associate you with your account. The email address associated with your Facebook account will be used to complete your profile information.
When you log in with Apple, we will obtain your email and ID on Apple. This ID is used as the unique identifier to associate you with your account. The email address associated with your Apple account is used to complete your profile information. You can choose to use your real email or a private email.
If you interact with our services through various social media networks, such as if you "Like" us on Facebook or follow us or share our content on Google, Facebook, Twitter, or other social networks, we may receive some information about you that you permit the social network to share with third parties. The data we receive is dependent upon your privacy settings with the social network, and may include your gender, age range, country, and any other information you permit the social network to share with third parties. You should always review and, if necessary, adjust your privacy settings on third-party websites and social media networks and services before sharing information and/or linking or connecting them to other services. We use this information to measure the performance of our social media strategy, as well as to communicate directly with you.
Other affiliates who sign up to our affiliate program
. We may receive info about you from our affiliates. For instance, where affiliates who have signed up to our affiliate program promote our services on their websites and platforms, we may collect information about the affiliate's website that referred you to our services. This enables us to pay these affiliates the commission they are owed under our affiliate program.
Information automatically collected when you use our services
When you use our services, we collect information about which features you’ve used, how you’ve used them and the devices you use to access our services. See below for more details:
Usage Information
. We collect information about your activity on our services, for instance, how you use them (e.g., date and time you logged in, features you’ve been using, searches, clicks and pages which have been shown to you, referring webpage address), how you interact with other users (e.g., users you connect and interact with, time and date of your exchanges, number of messages you send and receive) and information about any purchases on the services (i.e. if and when you purchase a subscription to a VIP account).
Referring page address
. If you sign up for a VIP account, we will also collect the address of the webpage that referred you to our services or recommended that you sign up for a VIP account.
Device information
. We collect information from and about the device(s) you use to access our services, including:
hardware and software information such as IP address, device ID and type, user ID, device-specific and apps settings and characteristics, app crashes, advertising IDs (such as Google’s AAID and Apple's IDFA, both of which are randomly generated numbers that you can reset by going into your device's settings), browser type, version and language, operating system, time zones, identifiers associated with cookies or other technologies that may uniquely identify your device or browser (e.g., IMEI/UDID and MAC address);
information on your wireless and mobile network connection, like your service provider and signal strength;
information on device sensors such as accelerometers, gyroscopes and compasses.
Location
. In order to access the services, we request that you provide access to your device’s precise geolocation. We use this in order to recommend matches to you based on the distance those other users are from you. For more information on the choices you may have when it comes to geolocation data, please see the “
Control over your information
” section below.
For information about our and our third-party providers’ use of cookies and related technologies to collect information automatically, and the choices you have in relation to its collection, please visit our
Cookie Notice
.
Business representatives data collection practices
We also may collect professional personal information about representatives of third-party businesses, including representatives of our affiliates, in connection with our services and the operation of our business, which may include:
Contact Information
. Including full name, email address, mailing address and telephone number.
Professional Information
. Including job title, job function, company name and characteristics, professional background, and nature of the relationship with us.
Tax and Payment Information
. Including a personal tax identification number, bank account information, and payment information where the individual is a representative of a sole proprietor or similar legal structure that uses personal tax and account information in lieu of separate business information.
Contract Information
. Including any information relating to our contractual relationship.
Inquiry Information
. Including the contents of emails, texts, and other communications and, where permitted by law, recordings of calls with us.
Feedback Information
. Including information provided in response to surveys we may conduct with customers or business partners, or unsolicited feedback received regarding our services and business.
If you engage with our services or interact with us through your employer, company or organization, we may receive the above information from them.
How we use your personal information
The main reason we use your information is to operate, maintain and deliver our services, including allowing you to view and match with other users, allowing other users to view your profile and match with you, personalizing your experience and customizing content on our services and to facilitate communications between users. We also use the personal information we collect to improve our service and for the following purposes:
To communicate with you
We use your personal information to communicate with you, including via email, text message and/or push notification.
We also use your information to send you important information regarding the services, such as certain changes to our terms, conditions, policies, and/or other administrative information. Because this information may be material to your use of the services, you may not opt out of receiving such communications.
To prevent, detect and fight fraud or other illegal or unauthorized activities
For safety and security and to ensure you have the best possible user experience, we require users to verify their accounts. We might ask for your phone number and, in some instances, we might also ask that you carry out photo verification. We want to make sure that the accounts on our services are genuine, and that accounts are not being created for malicious activities and cybercrime – they threaten the 3Fun network and spoil things for everyone. You can also verify your photo on a voluntary basis.
We monitor the content you upload to our services, including your photos and chat messages, to ensure that you comply with our content standards as set out in our
Terms of Service
.We use automated picture analysis technology to ensure that photographs uploaded to our services comply with our prohibition against pornographic content. If you believe that any pictures you have uploaded have been blocked and removed by mistake, please contact us at
support@go3fun.co
.
We review feedback to address ongoing or alleged misbehavior on and off-platform.
We perform data analysis to better understand and design countermeasures against these activities.
We also retain data related to fraudulent activities to prevent against recurrences.
We may use personal information to help maintain the general safety, security, and integrity of the services, technology assets, and business.
To promote our services and inform our marketing strategy
We may use your personal information to:
administer sweepstakes, contests, discounts or other offers.
communicate with you about products or services that we think may interest you; and
measure the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns.
To improve our services and develop new ones
We may use your personal information to:
administer focus groups and surveys.
conduct research and analysis of users’ behavior and identify usage trends to improve our services and content (for instance, we may decide to change the look and feel or even substantially modify a given feature based on users’ behavior).
develop new features and services (for example, we may decide to build a new interests-based feature further to requests received from users).
To ensure legal compliance
We may use your personal information to:
Comply with legal requirements, applicable laws, court orders, governmental regulations, and enforce our corporate reporting obligations.
Assist law enforcement or respond to law enforcement requests.
Enforce or exercise our rights, for example our
Terms.
2. Photo verification
If you choose to verify your profile photo, we will review your verification photo and compare it to the other photos you submit (including your profile photo), to help ensure that you are who you say you are. We do not add the verification photos to your profile.
With your consent, we will use facial recognition AI technology to compare your verification photo against the photos you upload. We use our own facial recognition AI technology to do this, as well as technology provided by Amazon Web Services, Inc. Neither we nor Amazon Web Services retain your biometric template after completing the photo verification process.
We will also retain the biometric template of your face that we create to verify any other photos that you upload in the future.
If you do not agree to the use of facial recognition technology to verify your photos, we will review your photos manually. Please note that this process will take longer.
You can withdraw your consent to our use of biometric templates to verify your photos at any time by updating your settings on our services. You can do this through the "Settings" feature within your profile page on the services.
3. Stories
As part of our services, we offer a feature that allows you to share stories about your use of the services, the people you have met and the relationships you have made (the "
Stories Feature
"). If you submit a story through the Stories Feature, we will collect:
any personal information that you include in your story, including any text or images that you submit through the Stories Feature;
your location;
your contact details (such as your email address) and the contact details of anyone featured in the story.
The content of your story may be used to promote us and our services in online and printed publications, presentations, promotional materials, online advertising, our website, social media and other media we use to promote us and our services.
When you submit a story to us, we will use the contact details provided to:
communicate with you about your story;
verify the authenticity of the story you submit, including by confirming that you and anyone referred to or featured in the story have a verified account with us;
contact anyone referred to or featured in the story to confirm whether they agree to the publication of the story and any associated images.
We may also use your location to identify the country and state or province you are from when we publish your story.
4. Cookies and other similar data collection technologies
Like most providers of online services, we use cookies and similar technologies to provide, secure and improve our services, including by remembering your preferences, recognizing you when you visit our services, and identifying where you heard about our services. To accomplish these purposes, we also may link information from cookies with other personal information we hold about you.
There are several cookie management options available to you. Please note that changes you make to your cookie preferences may make browsing our website a less satisfying experience. In some cases, you may even find yourself unable to use all or part of our services.
For more information about our and our third-party providers’ use of cookies and the choices you may have when it comes to cookies, please refer to our
Cookie Notice
.
5. How we share information
We may share your personal information as follows:
With other users
You share information with other users when you voluntarily disclose information on the services (including your public profile). Please be careful with your information and make sure that the content you share is stuff that you’re comfortable being viewable publicly on the services since neither you nor we can control what others do with your information once you share it.
For more information on the choices you have on the visibility of select information in your profile, please see the “
Control over your information
” section below.
With our group companies
We may share your personal information with other companies owned or controlled by 3Fun, and other companies owned by or under common ownership as 3Fun (i.e., our affiliates and subsidiaries).
With our service providers and third-party providers
We use third parties to help us operate and improve our services. These third parties assist us with various tasks, including data hosting and maintenance, analytics, customer care, and security operations.
With our affiliates who sign up to our affiliate program
We may disclose data about you with our affiliates. For instance, where affiliates who have signed up to our affiliate program promote our services on their websites and platforms, we may share information about you with the affiliate's website that referred you to our services. This enables us to pay these affiliates the commission they are owed under our affiliate program.
For corporate transactions
We may transfer your information if we are involved, whether in whole or in part, in a merger, sale, acquisition, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, bankruptcy or other change of ownership or control.
When required by law
We may disclose your information if reasonably necessary: (i) to comply with a legal process, such as a court order, subpoena or search warrant, government / law enforcement investigation or other legal requirements; (ii) to assist in the prevention or detection of crime (subject in each case to applicable law); or (iii) to protect the safety of any person.
To enforce legal rights
We may also share information: (i) if disclosure would mitigate our liability in an actual or threatened lawsuit; (ii) as necessary to protect our legal rights and legal rights of our users, business partners or other interested parties; (iii) to enforce our agreements with you; and (iv) to investigate, prevent, or take other actions regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud or other wrongdoing.
With your consent or at your request
We may ask for your consent to share your information with third parties. In any such case, we will make it clear why we want to share the information.
6. Control over your information
You can control how your personal information is used in the following ways:
In-app settings
. You can update your privacy settings, as well as access, rectify or delete information that you provided to us or share with other users and that’s associated with your account, directly within the service. You may also enable or disable push notifications. To access these tools and account settings, please see the "Settings" feature within your profile page on the services.
Device permissions
. You can change how we access information on your device, such as your phone book and location, through the “Settings” app on your device. You can also update your preferences in relation to push notifications in this way. If you remove all permissions to access information on your device, our services may lose all or some functionality.
Modifying and deleting your information
. You can review, amend or delete your personal information by using the corresponding functionality directly on the service. You will not be able to amend or delete certain information. You can, however, delete your entire account using the applicable functionality on the service.
Email preferences
. You can stop receiving promotional email communications from us at any time by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link provided in such communications. We make every effort to promptly process all unsubscribe requests. You may not opt out of service-related communications (e.g., account verification, transactional communications, changes/updates to features of the service, technical and security notices).
7. Information about your rights
Depending on where you access our services from, you may have some or all of the following rights in respect of your personal information that we hold:
Right of access
. You have the right to obtain confirmation of whether, and where, we are processing your personal information, information about the purposes for which we process your personal information, information about how we determine applicable retention periods, and to obtain a copy of that personal information;
Right of portability
. You have the right, in certain circumstances, to receive a copy of the personal information you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format that supports re-use, or to request the transfer of your personal information to another person;
Right to rectification or correction
. You have the right to obtain rectification of any inaccurate or incomplete personal information we hold about you without undue delay;
Right to deletion or erasure
. You have the right, in some circumstances, to require us to erase your personal information without undue delay if the continued processing of that personal information is not justified; and
Right to restriction
. You have the right, in some circumstances, to require us to limit the purposes for which we process your personal information if the continued processing of the personal information in this way is not justified, such as where the accuracy of the personal information is contested by you.
You may also have the right to object (opt out) to our processing of your personal information where:
we sell your personal information for monetary or other valuable consideration or use your personal information for targeted advertising; or
we process your personal information based on our legitimate interests where there are grounds relating to your particular situation. If we receive an objection from you, there may be compelling reasons for continuing to process your personal information in this way, and we will assess and inform you if that is the case.
If you would like to exercise one of these rights, please contact us by email to
support@go3Fun.co
.
For your protection and the protection of all of our users, we may ask you to provide proof of identity before we can answer the above requests.
Keep in mind, we may reject requests for certain reasons, including if the request is unlawful or if it may infringe on trade secrets or intellectual property or the privacy of another user. If you wish to receive information relating to another user, such as a copy of any messages you received from him or her through our service, the other user will have to contact our Privacy Officer to provide their written consent before the information is released.
8. Where we store your personal information
Your personal information will primarily be processed by us in the Seychelles and our service providers in the United States of America. It may also be accessed by our affiliates in China.
9. How long we retain your information
We will usually store the personal information we collect about you for no longer than necessary to fulfil the purposes for which it was collected, and in accordance with our legitimate business interests and applicable law. However, if necessary, we may retain personal data for longer periods of time, until set retention periods and deadlines expire, for instance where we are required to do so in accordance with legal, tax and accounting requirements set by a legislature, regulator or other government authority.
We will normally keep your personal information for as long as you are an active user of our services. If you delete your account, your profile will no longer be visible to others, but we will retain your personal information for one month or (if you have subscribed as a VIP user) three months, after which it will be deleted or anonymized.
We will also delete or anonymize your personal information if you are inactive for a continuous period of two years.
We may, however, keep your personal information for longer if:
we must keep it to comply with applicable law (for instance, some "traffic data" is kept for one year to comply with statutory data retention obligations);
we must keep it to evidence our compliance with applicable law (for instance, records of consents to our Terms, Privacy Notice and other similar consents are kept for five years);
here is an outstanding issue, claim or dispute requiring us to keep the relevant information until it is resolved; or
the information must be kept for our legitimate business interests, such as fraud prevention and enhancing users' safety and security. For example, information may need to be kept to prevent a user who was banned for unsafe behavior or security incidents from opening a new account.
10. Children's Privacy
Our services are restricted to users who are 18 years of age or older. We do not permit users under the age of 18 on our platform and we do not knowingly collect personal information from anyone under the age of 18. If you suspect that a user is under the age of 18, please use the reporting mechanism available through the service. If we learn that any personal information we collect has been provided by an individual under the age of 18, we will promptly delete that personal information.
11. Privacy Notice Changes
This Notice may change over time. When we make changes to this Privacy Notice, we will change the “Last Updated” date at the beginning of this Privacy Notice. If we make material changes to this Privacy Notice, we will notify you by email to your registered email address, by prominently posting on this website or our online services or through other appropriate communication channels. All changes shall be effective from the date of publication unless otherwise provided.
12. How to Contact Us
If you have questions about this Privacy Notice or our privacy practices, you can contact us at
support@go3Fun.co
.
Part 2
Additional information for users in the United States of America
Scope of Disclosures
For Nevada Residents:
Chapter 603A of the Nevada Revised Statutes permits Nevada residents to opt out of future sales of certain covered information that a website operator has collected or will collect about the resident. To submit such a request, please email
support@go3Fun.co
.
For California, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah and Virginia residents:
Depending on your state of residency, these Additional U.S. Privacy Disclosures (the
“U.S. Privacy Disclosures”
) supplement the information contained in Part 1 of our
Privacy Notice
by providing additional information about how 3Fun Limited (
"3Fun"
,
"we"
,
"us"
or
"our"
) processes personal information and apply solely to individual residents of the State of California, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah and Virginia (
“data subjects”
or
“you”
).
These U.S. Privacy Disclosures provide additional information about how we collect, use, disclose and otherwise process personal information of individual residents of the State of California, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, and Virginia, in connection with our websites and applications and other websites we own and operate that link to these U.S. Privacy Disclosures, and the related content, platform, services, products, and other functionality offered on or through our services (collectively, the
“Services”
).
Unless otherwise expressly stated, all terms in these U.S. Privacy Disclosures have the same meaning as defined in Part 1 of our Privacy Notice.
Personal Information
When we use the term “personal information” in these U.S. Privacy Disclosures, we mean any data or information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular natural person or household or any other data or information that constitutes “personal data”, “personal information,” or “personally identifiable information.”
We collect various categories and types of personal information from a variety of sources and for a variety of purposes. We also disclose personal information to a number of recipients. Please review Section 1 (“Information we collect and how we use it”), Section 2 (“Cookies and other similar data collection technologies”), and Section 3 (“How we share information”) of Part 1 of our Privacy Notice to learn more.
Please note that we do not engage in profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning a consumer.
Personal Information Sales
As further described in the "How we share information" section in Part 1 of the Privacy Notice, we may "sell" your personal information to third parties, subject to your right to opt out (see "Your Privacy Choices" below).
We have sold the following categories of personal information for the purposes described in Part 1 of our Privacy Notice, subject to your settings and preferences and your Right to Opt-Out:
Online identifiers
, such as your IP address or information stored in cookies placed on your device; and
Commercial Information
, such as whether you have created an account or subscribed to our VIP services.
The categories of third parties to whom we may sell the personal information include our affiliates that have signed up to our affiliate program
We may also disclose personal information for the purposes described in the "How we share information" section in Part 1 of our Privacy Policy.
We do not share personal information for the purpose of targeted advertising.
Sensitive Information
The following personal information elements we collect may be classified as "sensitive" under certain privacy laws ("sensitive information"):
Account username and password for your 3Fun account;
Personal information revealing racial or ethnic origin, religious beliefs, mental or physical health diagnosis, sex life, sexual orientation, or citizenship or immigration status;
The processing of genetic or biometric data for the purpose of uniquely identifying a natural person; and
Geolocation data.
We only use or disclose sensitive information for the following purposes, where such use or disclosure is necessary and proportionate for those purposes: for performing services you have requested, for detecting security incidents, fraud and other illegal actions, to ensure the physical safety of natural persons, to perform services on behalf of the business, or for short term transient use. We do not sell sensitive information or process or otherwise share sensitive personal information for the purpose of targeted advertising. However, depending on your state of residency and subject to certain legal limitations and exceptions, you may be able to withdraw your consent for our processing of sensitive information (as described in the “Your Privacy Choices” section below).
Deidentified Information
We may at times receive, or process personal information to create, deidentified information that can no longer reasonably be used to infer information about, or otherwise be linked to, a particular individual or household. Where we maintain deidentified information, we will maintain and use the information in deidentified form and not attempt to reidentify the information except as required or permitted by law.
Your Privacy Choices
Depending on your state of residency, in addition to the rights set out in the "Information about your rights" section in Part 1 of the Privacy Notice, you may have the following rights in relation to the personal information that we hold about you (subject to certain limitations at law):
The Right to Know
. The right to confirm whether we are processing personal information about you and to obtain certain personalized details about the personal information we have collected about you in the last 12 months, including:
the categories of personal information collected;
the categories of sources of the personal information;
the purposes for which the personal information was collected;
the categories of personal information disclosed to third parties (if any), and the categories of recipients to whom the personal information were disclosed;
the categories of personal information shared for cross-context behavioral advertising purposes (if any), and the categories of recipients to whom the personal information were disclosed for those purposes; and
the categories of personal information sold (if any), and the categories of third parties to whom the personal information was sold.
The Right to Opt Out of Sales
. The right to direct us not to sell your personal data.
The Right to Control Sensitive Information
. The right to exercise control over our collection and processing of certain sensitive information.
Non-Discrimination.
The right to not receive retaliatory or discriminatory treatment in connection with a request to exercise the above rights. Note, however, the exercise of the rights described above may result in a different price, rate or quality level of product or service where that difference is reasonably related to the impact the right has on our relationship or is otherwise permitted by law.
Please note that the exercise of the rights described above limits our ability to process personal information (such as in the case of a deletion request), which may mean that we are no longer be able to provide you our products or services or engage with you in the same manner. In addition, the exercise of the rights described above may result in a different price, rate, or quality level of product or service where that difference is reasonably related to the impact the right has on our relationship or is otherwise permitted by law.
How to opt out of the selling personal information
Unless you have exercised your Right to Opt Out, and as described in the How We Share Personal Information section of the Privacy Notice, we may disclose or “sell” your personal information to third parties for monetary or other valuable consideration to third parties. The third parties to whom we sell personal information may use such information for their own purposes, in accordance with their own privacy statements, which may include reselling or sharing this information to additional third parties.
You do not need to create an account with us to exercise your Right to Opt Out. However, we may ask you to provide additional personal information so that we can properly identify you in our dataset and to track compliance with your opt out request.  We will only use personal information provided in an opt out request to review and comply with the request.  If you chose not to provide this information, we may only be able to process your request to the extent we are able to identify you in our data systems.
You can exercise the Right to Opt Out in the following ways:
For Opt-Outs of App-Based Sales & Targeted Advertising: To exercise your right to opt-out as it relates to the use of tracking technologies within our apps, please on the “privacy choices” link from within the App and follow the directions on the page.
For Non-App-Based Opt-Outs: You may submit a request by filling out our Individual Rights Request Form.
How to exercise your other privacy rights (including the right to know/access, the right to correct, the right to delete, and the right to control your sensitive information)
To submit a request to exercise one of the privacy rights identified above, please submit a request by:
Emailing
support@go3Fun.co
with the subject line "U.S. Data Subject Rights Request"; or
Filling out our Individual Rights Request Form
For certain requests to exercise your rights, we will need to verify your identity and confirm you are a resident of a state that offers the requested right(s) before processing your request. In order to verify your identity, we will generally either require the successful login to your account or the matching of sufficient information you provide us to the information we maintain about you in our systems. As a result, we require requests to include name, email address, and state of residency. Although we try to limit the personal information collected in connection with a request to exercise any of the above rights, certain requests may require us to obtain additional personal information from you. In certain circumstances, we may decline a request to exercise a privacy right, particularly where we are unable to verify your identity or locate your information in our systems, or where you are not a resident of one of the eligible states.
Authorized Agents
In certain circumstances, you may designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf through the designated methods set forth above where we can verify the authorized agent’s authority to act on your behalf. In order to verify the authorized agent’s authority, we may require evidence of either (i) a valid power of attorney or (ii) a signed letter containing your name and contact information, the name and contact information of the authorized agent, and a statement of authorization for the request. Depending on the evidence provided and your state of residency, we may still need to separately reach out to you to confirm the authorized agent has permission to act on your behalf and to verify your identity in connection with the request.
Appealing Privacy Rights Decisions
Depending on your state of residency, you may be able to appeal a decision we have made in connection with your privacy rights request. All appeal requests should be submitted by emailing us at
support@go3Fun.co
with the subject line, “U.S. Privacy Request Appeal.”
If your appeal is denied:
you may contact the Colorado Attorney General to address your concerns
here
.
you may contact the Connecticut Attorney General to submit a complaint
here
.
you may contact the Virginia Attorney General to submit a complaint
here
.
California Residents
The following disclosures only apply to residents of the State of California.
Collection of Personal Information
. In the last 12 months, we may have collected the following categories of personal information:
Identifiers
, such as your phone number and email address;
Protected Classification Characteristics
, such as age, date of birth and gender.
Commercial information
, such as information about services you have subscribed to.
Biometric information
, if you asked us to validate your identity.
Internet / network information
, such as device information, log and analytics data.
Geolocation data
, such as information about your physical location collected from geolocation features on your device.
Sensory information
, such as pictures (including meta data to such pictures) and videos you upload to our Services.
Professional/employment information
, such as job title, department, employer or business.
Other personal information
, such as communication preferences, customer service and communication history, personal information you permit us to see when interacting with us through social media, personal information you provide us in relation to a question, request, inquiry, survey, contest or promotion, and messages you send through our Services or make available to us on social media.
Inferences
, such as information generated from your use of our Services.
For more information about our collection of personal information, the sources of personal information, and how we use this information, please see the "Information we collect and how we use it" section of Part 1 of the Privacy Notice.
Disclosure of Personal Information
. We may share and disclose personal information with third parties as described in the "How we share information" section in Part 1 of our Privacy Notice. In the previous 12 months, we may have disclosed all of the categories of personal information we process to third parties for a business purpose. The categories of third parties to whom we may disclose your personal information for a business purpose include: (i) 3Fun's affiliates entities and subsidiaries; (ii) business partners; (iii) analytics providers; and (iv) our service providers, contractors and advisors.
Purposes for Collection
. We collect personal information about you for the purposes described in the "Information we collect and how we use it" section of Part 1 of our Privacy Notice.
Privacy Rights of Minorsn
. Our Services are intended for individuals who are 18 years old or over. We do not sell the personal information and do not have actual knowledge that we sell the personal information of minors under 18 years of age.
Data Retentionn
. For information on our data retention practices, please see the “How long we retain information” section of Part 1 of our Privacy Notice.
Financial Incentivesn
. We currently offer an affiliate program, whereby individuals can sign up to become our affiliates and can use introduce people to 3Fun and our Services. The affiliate will receive referral payments, based on the referred user’s spend on VIP features. The affiliate program is subject always to our Affiliate Agreement and any payments under the affiliate program are calculated, and limited, as described in the Affiliate Agreement.
We also offer other various programs, promotions, and financial incentives that may result in differences in our prices or services offered to consumers. For example:
Discounts or other access to exclusive content, research, and insights for users who sign up to receive our marketing emails.
Discounts or other benefits in connection with a contest or sweepstakes or similar promotion.
Any personal information associated with the referred user, collected in connection with the affiliate program or other promotion, is processed in accordance with this Privacy Notice.
We have determined that the value of the affiliate program and other promotions or financial inventive programs is reasonably related to the value of the personal information we process in connection with each program (based on our reasonable but sole determination). We estimate the value of the personal information we receive and otherwise process in connection with our programs by considering the expense we incur in collecting and processing the personal information, as well as the expenses related to facilitating the programs.
Users may exercise their rights in relation to their personal information as outlined in this Privacy Notice, and as applicable, by submitting a ticket through your account or by emailing
support@go3Fun.co
.
Part 3
Additional information for users in the European Economic Area and the United Kingdom
1. Who is the controller of your personal information?
3Fun Limited will be the controller of the personal information that we collect about you. This means that we determine and are responsible for how that personal information is used.
3Fun Limited is a Seychelles company with its address at 306 Victoria House, Victoria, Mahe, Seychelles.
If you would like to contact us, you can email us at
support@go3Fun.co
.
You can also contact our EU representative by email at viedge@gdprav.com.
2. How we collect and use your personal information
Information you provide when you set up your account and profile on our services
We use the personal information we collect from you when you set up your account and profile on our services as follows:
Personal information we collect
How we use it
Lawful basis we rely on
Contact information,
including your email address or phone number. You can also add an email address and password to your account at a later date to facilitate account recovery.
If you use your email address or phone number to log in to our services, or if you later add an email to your account, we will use this information to authenticate you and grant you access to your account.
We will use this information to send you relevant service-related information, such as verification codes or updates to our Terms of Service.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
Your comments and feedback.
If you contact us to request support or provide feedback about our services, we will keep a record of the contents of those communications.
We use this information to respond to your support requests and feedback.
We use this information to identify and remedy errors in the services and ways in which the services can be improved (such as through the development of new features and functionalities).
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely identifying ways in which we can improve the services.
Basic profile information
, including your username,  profile picture and any additional pictures you upload to the service.(including meta data with respect to such pictures).
We use this information to create a public profile for you on our services.
We review your username and profile pictures (including through automated picture analysis technology) to remove any content that does not comply with the Objectional or Prohibited Content provisions of our Terms of Service.
We will conduct online searches against the profile pictures you upload to verify that the picture is one of you and not a stock image or an image of someone else downloaded from the internet.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely ensuring content standards on our services.
Verification photo.(including meta data with respect to such pictures).
If you upload a verification photo, we will use this to confirm your identity by comparing this photo to the other pictures you have uploaded to confirm that all of the images relate to the same person.
The scan may include the use of facial recognition technology so that we can compare the photo you submit to your profile photo and other photos you upload to your profile, to help ensure that you are who you say you are. We do not add the verification photos to your profile.
We will only process your personal information in this way if you give us your consent to do so.
Your date of birth
We use this information to calculate your age and display it in your public profile.
We use this information to verify that you are old enough to use our services in accordance with our
Terms of Service
.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
Your sex and gender
This information will be displayed in your public profile, and used to ensure that you only appear as a prospective match to other users that have selected that they are looking to meet someone of that sex and/or gender.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
Your bio.
We will give you the opportunity to introduce yourself and provide a short description about yourself and your interests.
This information will be displayed in your public profile, so that other users can find out more about you to decide if they want to match with you.
We review the description you upload to remove any content that does not comply with the Objectional or Prohibited Content provisions of our Terms of Service.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
Your private bio.
In addition to your public bio, you can also provide a more private description of yourself.
This information will be displayed in your profile, but will only be visible to users you have matched with through our services.
We review the description you upload to remove any content that does not comply with the Objectional or Prohibited Content provisions of our Terms of Service.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
Your sexual orientation.
We will use this information to ensure that users are recommended matches that algin with their sexuality, and display this information to other users in your public profile, so that other users can decide if they want to match with you.
We will only process your personal information in this way if you give us your consent to do so.
Your preferences
regarding the other users you would like to be matched with through our services (such as people of the same or opposite sex or gender, or same or different sex couples).
We will use this information to ensure that users are recommended matches that align with their preferences, and display this information to other users in your public profile so that other users know who you are looking to match with and decide if they want to match with you.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
Your contacts list on your device.
If you allow our services to access the contacts list on your device, you can select certain the individuals in your contact list that you do not want to be matched with through our services.
We will only process your personal information in this way if you give us your consent to do so.
Information about your partner
. If you access our services as a couple, we will ask you or your partner to provide the above information about your partner as well. Alternatively, you can link your partner's account to your profile.
We will use this information to match you and your partner with users seeking to meet couples, in accordance with your and other users' preferences.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
Information we collect if you subscribe to our VIP services
We offer a VIP subscription service to our services that allows you to access additional features and functionalities on our services. For more information, please see our
FAQs
.
Personal information we collect
How we use it
Lawful basis we rely on
Confirmation of your subscription.
You can sign up to VIP services through your Google or Apple app store account. When you do so, we will receive confirmation from Google or Apple that you have paid to subscribe as a VIP.
We use this information to give you access to the VIP features of our services, and to charge a recurring subscription to our VIP services to your Google or Apple app store account.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
VIP status.
We use this information to give you access to the VIP features of our services, and to charge a recurring subscription to our VIP services to your Google or Apple app store account.
If you have been referred to our services through our affiliate program, we attribute your purchase of VIP status to the relevant affiliate partner's referral in order to remunerate that partner in accordance with our affiliate program terms.
We use this information to measure the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns and identify ways in which we can improve our marketing strategy.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
We will only process your personal information in this way to the extent you give us your consent to do so.
We will only process your personal information in this way to the extent you give us your consent to do so.
Information we collect when you use our services
We will collect the following information about how you use our services in order to provide the features and functionalities of the services to you:
Personal information we collect
How we use it
Lawful basis we rely on
Users you have matched with.
When you and the other user both select to match with each other, we use this information to allow you to communicate with that other user, including sending messages, setting up voice calls, sharing private pictures and other content. We will also display profile updates from users you have matched with in the "Activity" section of your profile.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
Users you have viewed and passed.
If you view another user's profile but do not select to match with that user, we will store and display that user's profile to you in the "Passed" section of your profile so that you can review it again and change your mind.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
Users you have liked.
We will display to you the profiles of the users you have liked in the "You like" section of your profile, and notify those users that you have liked them so they can decide if they want to be matched with you.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
Users who have liked your profile.
We will display to you the profiles of the users who have viewed and liked your profile, so that you can decide if you want to be matched with them.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
Chats and video calls with other users.
We use this information to provide the chat and video call functionalities of our services to you.
We review the content of any messages you send to other users to monitor compliance with our content standards in the Objectional or Prohibited Content provisions of our Terms of Service.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
When you last logged in
We will display this information to VIP users in your public profile, to help them understand if you are active on our services.
We use this information to identify inactive users on our services, so that we can remove accounts that have been inactive for 2 years or more.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
Information we collect from others
We also collect certain information about you from others when you use our services, if you communicate with us through social media or use your social media account to log in to our services. We collect the following information in this way:
Personal information we collect
How we use it
Lawful basis we rely on
Information other users upload to our services about you,
such as comments and opinions that other users provide to us about you, or if another user adds you to their profile as their partner.
If other users provide us with information about you in the ordinary course of using our services, we will use that information to provide the relevant features and functionalities of the services (such as chat functionalities or linking partner accounts).
If we receive complaints about you from other users, we will use that information to investigate whether you have breached our Terms of Service and take appropriate action to enforce our Terms of Service.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
Social media login.
If you choose to log in to our services through your social media account (such as Facebook Login), we will receive confirmation from the social media network that they have authenticated you, a unique ID associated with your account, together with your email address and, depending on your settings, your name.
We use this information to create your account on our services, authenticate you and give you access to your account on our services.
We use this information to send you relevant service-related information.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
Our affiliate partners.
If you have been referred to our services by one of our affiliate partners as part of our affiliate program, we will identify the website or partner that referred you.
We use this information attribute the creation of your account to the relevant affiliate partner's referral in order to remunerate that partner in accordance with our affiliate program terms. We also use this information to measure the effectiveness of our affiliate program.
We will only process your personal information in this way to the extent you have given us your consent to do so.
If you interact with our services through social media networks, such as if you "like" us on Facebook or follow us or share our content on Google, Facebook, Twitter or other social networks, we may receive some information about you that you permit the social network to share with third parties. The data we receive is dependent upon your privacy settings with the social network, and may include your gender, age range, country, and any other information you permit the social network to share with third parties]. You should always review and, if necessary, adjust your privacy settings on third-party websites and social media networks and services before sharing information and/or linking or connecting them to other services.
We use this information to measure the performance of our social media strategy, as well as to communicate directly with you. The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely informing and implementing our social media strategy.
Information we collect automatically from your device
We also collect the following personal information about you and about how you access our services and the device you use to do so:
Personal information we collect
How we use it
Lawful basis we rely on
Usage Information.
We collect information about your activity on our services, for instance how you use them (e.g., date and time you logged in, features you’ve been using, searches, clicks and pages which have been shown to you, referring webpage address), how you came to use the services (e.g. app install date, app install ID) and how you interact with other users (e.g., users you connect and interact with, time and date of your exchanges, number of messages you send and receive).
We use this information to provide you with access to the services on your device.
We use this information to identify fraudulent or malicious use of our services.
We use this information to analyse the performance of our services to identify errors and ways in which we can improve our services.
We use this information to measure the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns and identify ways in which we can improve our marketing strategy.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely detecting and preventing fraud.
We will only process your personal information in this way to the extent you give us your consent to do so.
We will only process your personal information in this way to the extent you give us your consent to do so.
Device information.
We collect information from and about the device(s) you use to access our services, including:
hardware and software information
such as IP address, device ID and type, device-specific and apps settings and characteristics, app crashes, browser type, version and language, operating system, time zones, identifiers associated with cookies or other technologies that may uniquely identify your device or browser (e.g., Google ID), device battery level and available memory, mobile carrier;
information on your wireless and mobile network connection,
like your service provider and signal strength.
We use this information to provide you with access to the services on your device.
We use this information to identify fraudulent or malicious use of our services.
We use this information to analyse the performance of our services to identify errors and ways in which we can improve our services.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely detecting and preventing fraud.
We will only process your personal information in this way to the extent you give us your consent to do so.
Your location
We will ask you to allow us to access your device's location.  We use this information as follows:
Personal information we collect
How we use it
Lawful basis we rely on
Information about the country and city you are in, and your device's longitude and latitude.
We use this information to find potential matches based on their distance from you, and match you with users based on your distance from them.
We use this information to identify suspicious activity and to detect and prevent fraudulent or malicious use of our services.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely detecting and preventing fraud.
Business representatives
We also collect the following personal information about representatives of third-party businesses, including representatives of our affiliates, in connection with our services and the operation of our business:
Personal information we collect
How we use it
Lawful basis we rely on
Contact information
, including full name, email address, mailing address and telephone number
We use this information to communicate with our affiliates and other businesses that provide services to us or that we collaborate with.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely communicating with businesses with which we have contractual relationships.
Professional information,
including job title, job function, company name and characteristics, professional background and the nature of the relationship with us.
We use this information to inform how we communicate with our affiliates and other businesses that provide services to us or that we collaborate with, such as identifying suitable individuals at these companies to receive particular communications.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely administering our relationships with other businesses
The content of communications
between us and the relevant representative, including enquiries, feedback, comments and complaints.
We use this information to communicate and manage our relationship with our affiliates and other businesses that provide services to us or that we collaborate with. We also use this information to inform how we can improve our internal processes.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely administering our relationships with other businesses and informing how we can improve our internal processes.
Payment information.
If you are a sole proprietor or act in a personal capacity, we will also collect your tax or VAT numbers, bank account information and payment information.
If you are a sole proprietor or act in a personal capacity, we use this information to process payments under our agreement with you.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you.
Contract information.
If you are a sole proprietor or act in a personal capacity, we will collect information about our agreement with you (such as the terms of that agreement, start date and expiry date).
If you are a sole proprietor or act in a personal capacity, we use this information to administer our contractual relationship with you.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you.
Stories
As part of our services, we offer a feature that allows you to share your stories about your use of the services, the people you have met and the relationships you have made (the "Stories Feature"). If you submit a story through the Stories Feature, we will collect the following personal information:
Personal information we collect
How we use it
Lawful basis we rely on
Your story content
, including any text and images that you provide when you submit your story through the Stories Feature.
We use this information to promote us and our services in online and printed publications, presentations, promotional materials, online advertising, our website, social media and other media we use to promote us and our services.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely promoting us and our services.
To the extent the story content contains any sensitive or special category data, such as information about your sexual orientation, the additional condition we rely on is that this information has been manifestly made public by you.
Your contact details
,such as your email address.
We use this information to manage our relationship with you, such as contacting you about your story.
We use this information to verify the authenticity of the story submitted using the Stories Feature, including confirming that you have an account on our services and that you have verified your identity.
If you were featured in a story submitted by another user, we will collect your contact details and use them to contact you to obtain your agreement to the publication of the content of the story and any associated images.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely managing our relationship with you.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely verifying the authenticity of the stories submitted through the Stories Feature.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely protecting the safety of our users.
Your location:
Information about the country and city you are in, and your device's longitude and latitude.
We use this information to identify what country, province and/or city you are in when we publish your story content.
We will only process your personal information in this way to the extent you give us your consent to do so.
3. Cookies and similar technologies
We use cookies and similar technologies, such as mobile SDKs, to provide certain functionalities on our services as well as to monitor and improve our services in general.
For more information about the cookies and similar technologies we use, as well as how to control your preferences in relation to those cookies and similar technologies, please see our Cookie Notice.
4. How long we keep your personal information
Unless a longer period is required under applicable law, we will keep your personal information for the following periods:
Personal information
How long we keep it for
When we might keep it for longer
Your account and profile information (including pictures, your bio and any other content you upload to your profile)
While your account is active, and for 1 month after you delete your account (or 3 months if you’re a VIP user).
We will delete accounts that have been inactive for a continuous period of 2 years.
If we need to investigate an outstanding issue, claim or dispute, we will keep the personal information we need to conduct that investigation, or to enforce our defend our rights.
If we have banned you from our services, we will retain the personal information required to identify the banned user and the reason they were banned for 6 years.
Location
We will only collect your live location when you use our services and will not store a record of your location over time. If you leave the app and live location is disabled when you are not using the app, we will record your last known location until you next visit the app and share an updated live location.
Usage and device information
We will keep this information for 3 months after collection for statistical analysis.
Information about professional contacts at affiliates and other businesses that we work with
We will keep this information for the duration of our agreement with the relevant affiliate or other business, and for 6 months thereafter.
If we need to investigate an outstanding issue, claim or dispute, we will keep the personal information we need to conduct that investigation, or to enforce or defend our rights.
5. Recipients of personal information
As required in accordance with how we use your personal information, we may share your personal information as follows:
Recipient
Why we share it
Lawful basis we rely on
Other users of our services
Our services are designed to allow people to connect with each other, and to facilitate the sharing of information and content.
Unless you enable certain privacy features available as part of our VIP subscription, your public profile will be visible to other users of the services.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
Our group companies.
We may share your personal information with other companies owned or controlled by 3Fun, and other companies owned by or under common ownership with 3Fun.
Our group companies may share centralised services, such as IT, data hosting or customer support, as well as various administrative functions.
We may share your personal information with our group companies in order to take advantage of these centralised services and coordinate our group-wide product offering and strategic planning.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely coordinating group-wide services and administration.
With our service providers and partners.
We may share your personal information with companies that provide technical services to us, such as data hosting, maintenance, analytics, customer care and security.
These recipients will use your personal information as processors on our instructions. They may also aggregate and anonymise personal information they receive for their own product development and improvement.
Social media.
When we interact with you through a social media app, that social media app will receive and process the personal information contained in such communications.
Social media apps will use the personal information they collect in accordance with their privacy notices.
The lawful basis we rely on for transferring this personal information is that the processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely communicating with you and other users through social media, and promoting our services.
Purchasers and third parties in connection with a business transaction.
Your personal information may be disclosed to third parties in connection with a transaction, such as a merger, sale of assets or shares, reorganisation, financing, change of control or acquisition of all or a portion of our business. These recipients will use your personal information to assess the potential transaction with us, and otherwise only as disclosed in this Privacy Notice.
The lawful basis we rely on for transferring this personal information is that the processing is necessary for our and the third party's legitimate interests, namely assessing and executing a potential transaction with us.
Law enforcement, regulators and other parties for legal reasons.
We may share your personal information with third parties as required by law or if we reasonably believe that such action is necessary to (i) comply with the law and the reasonable requests of law enforcement; (ii) detect and investigate illegal activities and breaches of agreements; and/or (iii) exercise or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of 3Fun, its users or others.
                    These recipients will use your personal information in the performance of their regulatory or law enforcement role, or to advise us in connection with a potential claim or regulatory enforcement action.
The lawful basis we rely on for sharing personal information with these recipients is that the processing is either necessary to comply with a legal obligation to which we are subject or is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely enforcing our rights or complying with requests from regulatory authorities.
6. International transfers of your personal information
We use service providers in the USA to process personal information. We may also share personal information with companies that have the same ownership as us in China as described above.
These international transfers of your personal information will be made pursuant to appropriate safeguards in accordance with applicable law:
Where we may transfer your personal information
Safeguards that apply to that transfer
United States
The transfers are made:
to organisations that participate in the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework and (where applicable) the UK extension to the Data Privacy Framework; or
in accordance with agreements that incorporate standard contractual clauses issued by the European Commission and, where applicable, the approved addendum to those standard contractual clauses issued under the UK Data Protection Act 2018.
China
The transfers are made in accordance with agreements that incorporate standard contractual clauses issued by the European Commission and, where applicable, the approved addendum to those standard contractual clauses issued under the UK Data Protection Act 2018.
Canada
The laws in this jurisdiction are deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data by the European Commission and (where applicable) under the UK Data Protection Act 2018.
Israel
The laws in this jurisdiction are deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data by the European Commission and (where applicable) under the UK Data Protection Act 2018.
We will also continually monitor the circumstances surrounding such transfers in order to ensure that these maintain, in practice, a level of protection that is essentially equivalent to the one guaranteed by the UK GDPR and EU GDPR.
If you wish to enquire further about the safeguards we use, including obtaining a copy of any Standard Contractual Clauses we have in place with recipients outside the EEA or UK, please contact us using the details in section 1 (Who is the controller of your personal information?) of this Part 3 of this Privacy Notice.
7. Your rights
In accordance with applicable privacy law you may have the following rights in respect of your personal information that we hold:
Right of access.
The right to obtain:
confirmation of whether, and where, we are processing your personal information;
information about the categories of personal information we are processing, the purposes for which we process your personal information and information as to how we determine applicable retention periods;
information about the categories of recipients with whom we may share your personal information; and
a copy of the personal information we hold about you.
Right of portability.
The right, in certain circumstances, to receive a copy of the personal information you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format that supports re-use, or to request the transfer of your personal data to another person.
Right to rectification.
The right to obtain rectification of any inaccurate or incomplete personal information we hold about you without undue delay.
Right to erasure.
The right, in some circumstances, to require us to erase your personal information without undue delay if the continued processing of that personal information is not justified.
Right to restriction.
The right, in some circumstances, to require us to limit the purposes for which we process your personal information if the continued processing of the personal information in this way is not justified, such as where the accuracy of the personal information is contested by you.
Right to withdraw consent.
If you have given us your consent to process your personal information in a particular way, you have the right to withdraw that consent. Withdrawing consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing of your personal information prior to that withdrawal. You can change your consent preferences at any time by going to the "Settings" section in the app.
You have the right to object to any processing based on our legitimate interests where there are grounds relating to your particular situation. There may be compelling reasons for continuing to process your personal information, and we will assess and inform you if that is the case.
If you are located in France, in addition to the rights set out above, you have the right to provide instructions regarding the retention, deletion and disclosure of your personal information after your death. In the absence of instructions from you, your successors may request the disclosure or deletion of your personal information by contacting us using the contact details set out in section 1 (Who is the controller of your personal information?) of this Part 3 of this Privacy Notice.
If you wish to exercise one of these rights, please contact us using the details set out in section 1 (Who is the controller of your personal information?) of this Part 3 of this Privacy Notice.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with your supervisory authority. If you are in the EEA, to find out how to contact your local regulator, please visit
https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/about-edpb/members_en
. If you reside in the UK, please visit
https://ico.org.uk/make-a-complaint/
for more information about how to contact the Information Commissioner's Office.
Your privacy settings
3 Fun, would like to use cookies (also from third-party providers), among other things, for analysis and
                advertising purposes. Please select the extent to which you agree to the use of cookies [on our website/
                in our app]. Further information can be found in our
privacy notice
and
our cookie notice
Depending on your preferences, we may use cookies and other tracking technologies to improve your user
                experience by collecting statistics, optimizing features, providing relevant content and tailoring
                advertising to your interests. Please note that some of the providers we use process their data in
                countries outside the EEA, such as the USA or China. The level of data protection there may not be the
                same as in the EEA and there may be access to the data by state authorities against which you have no
                extensive legal remedies.
Cookies that are necessary for the functioning of the website (strictly necessary cookies or functional
                cookies) do not require your consent.
If you click on the "Agree to all cookies" button, you agree to the use of all cookies requiring consent
                and to the transfer of data to countries outside the EEA. However, you can also set your cookie
                preferences individually under "Customize cookies".
You can revoke your consent at any time with effect for the future by accessing the cookie preference
                center via the link at the end of our website and adjusting the settings to your preferences.
Agree to all Cookies
Customize Cookies
Reject Cookies
Your privacy settings
Individually give your consent to cookies. By selecting and clicking on "safe preferences", you consent to
            the use of not strictly necessary cookies as described on the
first layer
of this cookie banner.
Strictly necessary Cookies
are cookies that are required for the website to function. These do not require your consent.
4 selected
Name of the cookies
Purposes
Categories of personal data
Storage duration
recipient
Name of the cookies
Purposes
Categories of personal data
Storage duration
recipient
Non-functional Cookies.
These cookies are not functionally necessary for the operation of our website. We differentiate between:
Analytical/Performance Cookies
Purposes
Name of the cookies
Purposes
Categories of personal data
Storage duration
recipient
Name of the cookies
Purposes
Categories of personal data
Storage duration
recipient
Functionality Cookies
Name of the cookies
Name of the cookies
Purposes
Categories of personal data
Storage duration
recipient
Name of the cookies
Purposes
Categories of personal data
Storage duration
recipient
Marketing or Targeting Cookies
Name of the cookies
Name of the cookies
Purposes
Categories of personal data
Storage duration
recipient
Name of the cookies
Purposes
Categories of personal data
Storage duration
recipient
Safe Preferences
CancelAbout Us
FAQ
Affiliates
Success Story
3Fun Privacy Notice
Last updated: October 17, 2024
Privacy Notice
Welcome to 3Fun’s Privacy Notice. Thank you for taking the time to read it.
Please read this Privacy Notice carefully before accessing or using our services. If you have any questions about this Privacy Notice or how we use your personal information, please contact us using the contact details set out below.
What this Privacy Notice covers
This Privacy Notice applies to websites, apps, events and other services that post or link to this Privacy Notice or are operated by 3Fun Limited (
"3Fun"
,
"we"
,
"us"
or
"our"
). For simplicity, we refer to all of these as our "services" in this Privacy Notice.
Some services may require their own unique privacy notice. Unless otherwise stated, if a particular service has its own privacy notice, then that notice -- not this Privacy Notice -- applies.
This Privacy Notice sets out how we collect, store, transfer, share and use information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, to a person (
"personal information"
) when you sign up to, access and use the services.
This Privacy Notice does not cover our use of information that is not "personal information" or a similarly defined term under applicable law. This means that it does not cover our use of aggregated information.
Where applicable law permits, this Privacy Notice also does not cover deidentified information, meaning information that is maintained in a form that is not reasonably capable of being associated with or linked to an individual (please note that this would not apply to personal information collected from you if you are in the UK, EEA or Switzerland).
This Privacy Notice also does not cover or address personal information and privacy practices relating to 3Fun job applicants, employees or other personnel.
Part 1
of this Privacy Notice sets out:
1. Information we collect and how we use it;
2. Cookies and other similar data collection technologies;
3. How we share information;
4. Control over your information;
5. Information about your rights;
6. Where we store your information;
7. How long we retain your information;
8. Children's privacy;
9. Privacy Notice changes; and;
10. How to contact us;
Part 2
of this Privacy Notice sets out additional information for users in the United States of America, and
Part 3
of this privacy notice sets out additional information for users in the European Economic Area and the United Kingdom.
Part 1
1. Information we collect and how we use it
We collect information that you provide to us when you set up your profile on our services, sign up for VIP access, and use our services to interact with other users. We also collect certain information automatically about how you use our services and your device.
Some of the information we collect is classed as "sensitive" or "special category" personal information, such as your sexual orientation and information about your sex life. You do not have to provide this information to use our services,However, not providing this information may impair your ability to find friends or matches. If you do provide this information, you can remove this information at any time using the applicable functionalities of our services (for more information, see the “
Control over your information
” section below).
Information you provide when you set up your profile with us
We will collect the following information from you when you set up your account and profile on our services:
Contact information
, including your email address or phone number. If you use your email address or phone number to log in to our services, we will use this information to authenticate you and grant you access to your account, as well as to send you relevant service-related information. You can also add an email address and password to your account at a later date to facilitate account recovery.
Basic profile information
, including your username, and profile picture (including meta data with respect to such pictures). We will use this information to set up your public profile on our services (i.e., your profile that will be visible to other users of the services).
Additional and verification pictures
. You can add additional pictures to your public profile, as well as a verification photo which will be analysed to verify your identity by checking that the photos you have uploaded are all of the same person. If you consent, we may access your device's camera roll to collect your photos and videos (for instance, if you want to publish a photo, video or streaming on the services). Please see the "
Photo Verification
" section below for more information about how we verify your photos.
Your date of birth
. We will use this information to verify that you are old enough to use our services and will display your age in your public profile.
Your sex and gender
. This will be displayed in your public profile to allow you to match with other users looking to meet individuals of your sex and gender.
Your bio
. We will give you the opportunity to introduce yourself and provide a short description about yourself and your interests that can be displayed to other users on our services. You can also provide a more private description that will only be visible to users you have matched with.
Your preferences
, such as your sexual orientation and who you are looking to meet through our services (such as people of the same or opposite sex or gender, or same or different sex couples). This will be displayed in your public profile and used to match you with other users.
Phone contacts.
You can upload your phone contacts to our services to block any individuals in your contacts list from matching with you on our services.
Information about your partner or their account
. If you join our services as a couple, we will either collect the above information about your partner or allow you to link your partner's account to your account, and display that information in your public profile to allow you to match with other users together. You should ensure that you have your partner's permission before providing their information to us through the services.
If you set up a VIP account on our services, we will also collect the following information:
Subscription confirmation
. You can sign up to our services as a VIP through your Google or Apple app store account. When you do so, we will receive confirmation from Google or Apple that you have paid to subscribe as a VIP in order to give you access to the VIP features of our services.
VIP status
. We use this to give you access to the VIP features of our services, as further described in our
FAQs
.
Information obtained through your use of our services
We may collect the following information that you upload to our services when you use our services:
Users you have matched with
. When you and another user both select to match with each other, we use this information to allow you to communicate with that other user, including sending messages, setting up voice calls, sharing private pictures and other content. We will also display profile updates from users you have matched with in the "Activity" section of your profile.
Users you have viewed and passed
. If you view another user's profile but do not select to match with that user, we will store and display that user's profile to you in the "Passed" section of your profile so that you can review it again and change your mind. We will also use this information to stop that other user from appearing again when you browse potential matches.
Users you have liked
. We will display to you the profiles of the users you have liked in the "You like" section of your profile, and notify those users that you have liked them so they can decide if they want to be matched with you.
Users who have liked your profile
. We will display to you the profiles of the users who have viewed and liked your profile, so that you can decide if you want to be matched with them.
Chats and video calls with other users
. We provide chat and video call functionalities that enable you to send messages, pictures and other content to other users you have matched with through our services, and to set up and attend video calls with those users through our services.
Last login
. We make this information available to VIP users on our services to help them identify active users to match with. We also use this to identify inactive accounts for deletion.
If you contact our customer care team, we will collect the information you give us during the interaction. Sometimes, we monitor or record these interactions for training purposes and to ensure a high quality of service.
When you participate in surveys or focus groups, you give us your insights into our products and services, responses to our questions and testimonials.
When you choose to participate in our promotions, events or contests, we collect the information that you use to register or enter.
If you ask us to communicate with or otherwise process information of other people (for example, if you ask us to send an email on your behalf to one of your friends), we collect the information about others that you give us in order to complete your request.
If you submit a story through our Stories Feature, we will collect the content of the story (including any text and images) and your contact details. Please see the "Stories" section below for more information.
Information we collect from others
In addition to the information you provide us directly, we receive information about you from others, including:
Other Users
. Other users may provide information about you as they use our services. For instance, we will collect information about you if other users add you to their profile as their partner or contact us about you.
Social Media
. You may be able to use your social media login (such as Facebook Login) to create and log in to your 3Fun account. The data we receive is dependent upon an individual’s privacy settings with the social network, but in order to allow you to log in to your account we will need to access your name and email address, as well as confirmation that you have logged in to that social media account, in order to authenticate you and grant you access to our services.
When you log in with Facebook, we will obtain your email and ID on Facebook. This ID is used as the unique identifier to associate you with your account. The email address associated with your Facebook account will be used to complete your profile information.
When you log in with Apple, we will obtain your email and ID on Apple. This ID is used as the unique identifier to associate you with your account. The email address associated with your Apple account is used to complete your profile information. You can choose to use your real email or a private email.
If you interact with our services through various social media networks, such as if you "Like" us on Facebook or follow us or share our content on Google, Facebook, Twitter, or other social networks, we may receive some information about you that you permit the social network to share with third parties. The data we receive is dependent upon your privacy settings with the social network, and may include your gender, age range, country, and any other information you permit the social network to share with third parties. You should always review and, if necessary, adjust your privacy settings on third-party websites and social media networks and services before sharing information and/or linking or connecting them to other services. We use this information to measure the performance of our social media strategy, as well as to communicate directly with you.
Other affiliates who sign up to our affiliate program
. We may receive info about you from our affiliates. For instance, where affiliates who have signed up to our affiliate program promote our services on their websites and platforms, we may collect information about the affiliate's website that referred you to our services. This enables us to pay these affiliates the commission they are owed under our affiliate program.
Information automatically collected when you use our services
When you use our services, we collect information about which features you’ve used, how you’ve used them and the devices you use to access our services. See below for more details:
Usage Information
. We collect information about your activity on our services, for instance, how you use them (e.g., date and time you logged in, features you’ve been using, searches, clicks and pages which have been shown to you, referring webpage address), how you interact with other users (e.g., users you connect and interact with, time and date of your exchanges, number of messages you send and receive) and information about any purchases on the services (i.e. if and when you purchase a subscription to a VIP account).
Referring page address
. If you sign up for a VIP account, we will also collect the address of the webpage that referred you to our services or recommended that you sign up for a VIP account.
Device information
. We collect information from and about the device(s) you use to access our services, including:
hardware and software information such as IP address, device ID and type, user ID, device-specific and apps settings and characteristics, app crashes, advertising IDs (such as Google’s AAID and Apple's IDFA, both of which are randomly generated numbers that you can reset by going into your device's settings), browser type, version and language, operating system, time zones, identifiers associated with cookies or other technologies that may uniquely identify your device or browser (e.g., IMEI/UDID and MAC address);
information on your wireless and mobile network connection, like your service provider and signal strength;
information on device sensors such as accelerometers, gyroscopes and compasses.
Location
. In order to access the services, we request that you provide access to your device’s precise geolocation. We use this in order to recommend matches to you based on the distance those other users are from you. For more information on the choices you may have when it comes to geolocation data, please see the “
Control over your information
” section below.
For information about our and our third-party providers’ use of cookies and related technologies to collect information automatically, and the choices you have in relation to its collection, please visit our
Cookie Notice
.
Business representatives data collection practices
We also may collect professional personal information about representatives of third-party businesses, including representatives of our affiliates, in connection with our services and the operation of our business, which may include:
Contact Information
. Including full name, email address, mailing address and telephone number.
Professional Information
. Including job title, job function, company name and characteristics, professional background, and nature of the relationship with us.
Tax and Payment Information
. Including a personal tax identification number, bank account information, and payment information where the individual is a representative of a sole proprietor or similar legal structure that uses personal tax and account information in lieu of separate business information.
Contract Information
. Including any information relating to our contractual relationship.
Inquiry Information
. Including the contents of emails, texts, and other communications and, where permitted by law, recordings of calls with us.
Feedback Information
. Including information provided in response to surveys we may conduct with customers or business partners, or unsolicited feedback received regarding our services and business.
If you engage with our services or interact with us through your employer, company or organization, we may receive the above information from them.
How we use your personal information
The main reason we use your information is to operate, maintain and deliver our services, including allowing you to view and match with other users, allowing other users to view your profile and match with you, personalizing your experience and customizing content on our services and to facilitate communications between users. We also use the personal information we collect to improve our service and for the following purposes:
To communicate with you
We use your personal information to communicate with you, including via email, text message and/or push notification.
We also use your information to send you important information regarding the services, such as certain changes to our terms, conditions, policies, and/or other administrative information. Because this information may be material to your use of the services, you may not opt out of receiving such communications.
To prevent, detect and fight fraud or other illegal or unauthorized activities
For safety and security and to ensure you have the best possible user experience, we require users to verify their accounts. We might ask for your phone number and, in some instances, we might also ask that you carry out photo verification. We want to make sure that the accounts on our services are genuine, and that accounts are not being created for malicious activities and cybercrime – they threaten the 3Fun network and spoil things for everyone. You can also verify your photo on a voluntary basis.
We monitor the content you upload to our services, including your photos and chat messages, to ensure that you comply with our content standards as set out in our
Terms of Service
.We use automated picture analysis technology to ensure that photographs uploaded to our services comply with our prohibition against pornographic content. If you believe that any pictures you have uploaded have been blocked and removed by mistake, please contact us at
support@go3fun.co
.
We review feedback to address ongoing or alleged misbehavior on and off-platform.
We perform data analysis to better understand and design countermeasures against these activities.
We also retain data related to fraudulent activities to prevent against recurrences.
We may use personal information to help maintain the general safety, security, and integrity of the services, technology assets, and business.
To promote our services and inform our marketing strategy
We may use your personal information to:
administer sweepstakes, contests, discounts or other offers.
communicate with you about products or services that we think may interest you; and
measure the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns.
To improve our services and develop new ones
We may use your personal information to:
administer focus groups and surveys.
conduct research and analysis of users’ behavior and identify usage trends to improve our services and content (for instance, we may decide to change the look and feel or even substantially modify a given feature based on users’ behavior).
develop new features and services (for example, we may decide to build a new interests-based feature further to requests received from users).
To ensure legal compliance
We may use your personal information to:
Comply with legal requirements, applicable laws, court orders, governmental regulations, and enforce our corporate reporting obligations.
Assist law enforcement or respond to law enforcement requests.
Enforce or exercise our rights, for example our
Terms.
2. Photo verification
If you choose to verify your profile photo, we will review your verification photo and compare it to the other photos you submit (including your profile photo), to help ensure that you are who you say you are. We do not add the verification photos to your profile.
With your consent, we will use facial recognition AI technology to compare your verification photo against the photos you upload. We use our own facial recognition AI technology to do this, as well as technology provided by Amazon Web Services, Inc. Neither we nor Amazon Web Services retain your biometric template after completing the photo verification process.
We will also retain the biometric template of your face that we create to verify any other photos that you upload in the future.
If you do not agree to the use of facial recognition technology to verify your photos, we will review your photos manually. Please note that this process will take longer.
You can withdraw your consent to our use of biometric templates to verify your photos at any time by updating your settings on our services. You can do this through the "Settings" feature within your profile page on the services.
3. Stories
As part of our services, we offer a feature that allows you to share stories about your use of the services, the people you have met and the relationships you have made (the "
Stories Feature
"). If you submit a story through the Stories Feature, we will collect:
any personal information that you include in your story, including any text or images that you submit through the Stories Feature;
your location;
your contact details (such as your email address) and the contact details of anyone featured in the story.
The content of your story may be used to promote us and our services in online and printed publications, presentations, promotional materials, online advertising, our website, social media and other media we use to promote us and our services.
When you submit a story to us, we will use the contact details provided to:
communicate with you about your story;
verify the authenticity of the story you submit, including by confirming that you and anyone referred to or featured in the story have a verified account with us;
contact anyone referred to or featured in the story to confirm whether they agree to the publication of the story and any associated images.
We may also use your location to identify the country and state or province you are from when we publish your story.
4. Cookies and other similar data collection technologies
Like most providers of online services, we use cookies and similar technologies to provide, secure and improve our services, including by remembering your preferences, recognizing you when you visit our services, and identifying where you heard about our services. To accomplish these purposes, we also may link information from cookies with other personal information we hold about you.
There are several cookie management options available to you. Please note that changes you make to your cookie preferences may make browsing our website a less satisfying experience. In some cases, you may even find yourself unable to use all or part of our services.
For more information about our and our third-party providers’ use of cookies and the choices you may have when it comes to cookies, please refer to our
Cookie Notice
.
5. How we share information
We may share your personal information as follows:
With other users
You share information with other users when you voluntarily disclose information on the services (including your public profile). Please be careful with your information and make sure that the content you share is stuff that you’re comfortable being viewable publicly on the services since neither you nor we can control what others do with your information once you share it.
For more information on the choices you have on the visibility of select information in your profile, please see the “
Control over your information
” section below.
With our group companies
We may share your personal information with other companies owned or controlled by 3Fun, and other companies owned by or under common ownership as 3Fun (i.e., our affiliates and subsidiaries).
With our service providers and third-party providers
We use third parties to help us operate and improve our services. These third parties assist us with various tasks, including data hosting and maintenance, analytics, customer care, and security operations.
With our affiliates who sign up to our affiliate program
We may disclose data about you with our affiliates. For instance, where affiliates who have signed up to our affiliate program promote our services on their websites and platforms, we may share information about you with the affiliate's website that referred you to our services. This enables us to pay these affiliates the commission they are owed under our affiliate program.
For corporate transactions
We may transfer your information if we are involved, whether in whole or in part, in a merger, sale, acquisition, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, bankruptcy or other change of ownership or control.
When required by law
We may disclose your information if reasonably necessary: (i) to comply with a legal process, such as a court order, subpoena or search warrant, government / law enforcement investigation or other legal requirements; (ii) to assist in the prevention or detection of crime (subject in each case to applicable law); or (iii) to protect the safety of any person.
To enforce legal rights
We may also share information: (i) if disclosure would mitigate our liability in an actual or threatened lawsuit; (ii) as necessary to protect our legal rights and legal rights of our users, business partners or other interested parties; (iii) to enforce our agreements with you; and (iv) to investigate, prevent, or take other actions regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud or other wrongdoing.
With your consent or at your request
We may ask for your consent to share your information with third parties. In any such case, we will make it clear why we want to share the information.
6. Control over your information
You can control how your personal information is used in the following ways:
In-app settings
. You can update your privacy settings, as well as access, rectify or delete information that you provided to us or share with other users and that’s associated with your account, directly within the service. You may also enable or disable push notifications. To access these tools and account settings, please see the "Settings" feature within your profile page on the services.
Device permissions
. You can change how we access information on your device, such as your phone book and location, through the “Settings” app on your device. You can also update your preferences in relation to push notifications in this way. If you remove all permissions to access information on your device, our services may lose all or some functionality.
Modifying and deleting your information
. You can review, amend or delete your personal information by using the corresponding functionality directly on the service. You will not be able to amend or delete certain information. You can, however, delete your entire account using the applicable functionality on the service.
Email preferences
. You can stop receiving promotional email communications from us at any time by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link provided in such communications. We make every effort to promptly process all unsubscribe requests. You may not opt out of service-related communications (e.g., account verification, transactional communications, changes/updates to features of the service, technical and security notices).
7. Information about your rights
Depending on where you access our services from, you may have some or all of the following rights in respect of your personal information that we hold:
Right of access
. You have the right to obtain confirmation of whether, and where, we are processing your personal information, information about the purposes for which we process your personal information, information about how we determine applicable retention periods, and to obtain a copy of that personal information;
Right of portability
. You have the right, in certain circumstances, to receive a copy of the personal information you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format that supports re-use, or to request the transfer of your personal information to another person;
Right to rectification or correction
. You have the right to obtain rectification of any inaccurate or incomplete personal information we hold about you without undue delay;
Right to deletion or erasure
. You have the right, in some circumstances, to require us to erase your personal information without undue delay if the continued processing of that personal information is not justified; and
Right to restriction
. You have the right, in some circumstances, to require us to limit the purposes for which we process your personal information if the continued processing of the personal information in this way is not justified, such as where the accuracy of the personal information is contested by you.
You may also have the right to object (opt out) to our processing of your personal information where:
we sell your personal information for monetary or other valuable consideration or use your personal information for targeted advertising; or
we process your personal information based on our legitimate interests where there are grounds relating to your particular situation. If we receive an objection from you, there may be compelling reasons for continuing to process your personal information in this way, and we will assess and inform you if that is the case.
If you would like to exercise one of these rights, please contact us by email to
support@go3Fun.co
.
For your protection and the protection of all of our users, we may ask you to provide proof of identity before we can answer the above requests.
Keep in mind, we may reject requests for certain reasons, including if the request is unlawful or if it may infringe on trade secrets or intellectual property or the privacy of another user. If you wish to receive information relating to another user, such as a copy of any messages you received from him or her through our service, the other user will have to contact our Privacy Officer to provide their written consent before the information is released.
8. Where we store your personal information
Your personal information will primarily be processed by us in the Seychelles and our service providers in the United States of America. It may also be accessed by our affiliates in China.
9. How long we retain your information
We will usually store the personal information we collect about you for no longer than necessary to fulfil the purposes for which it was collected, and in accordance with our legitimate business interests and applicable law. However, if necessary, we may retain personal data for longer periods of time, until set retention periods and deadlines expire, for instance where we are required to do so in accordance with legal, tax and accounting requirements set by a legislature, regulator or other government authority.
We will normally keep your personal information for as long as you are an active user of our services. If you delete your account, your profile will no longer be visible to others, but we will retain your personal information for one month or (if you have subscribed as a VIP user) three months, after which it will be deleted or anonymized.
We will also delete or anonymize your personal information if you are inactive for a continuous period of two years.
We may, however, keep your personal information for longer if:
we must keep it to comply with applicable law (for instance, some "traffic data" is kept for one year to comply with statutory data retention obligations);
we must keep it to evidence our compliance with applicable law (for instance, records of consents to our Terms, Privacy Notice and other similar consents are kept for five years);
here is an outstanding issue, claim or dispute requiring us to keep the relevant information until it is resolved; or
the information must be kept for our legitimate business interests, such as fraud prevention and enhancing users' safety and security. For example, information may need to be kept to prevent a user who was banned for unsafe behavior or security incidents from opening a new account.
10. Children's Privacy
Our services are restricted to users who are 18 years of age or older. We do not permit users under the age of 18 on our platform and we do not knowingly collect personal information from anyone under the age of 18. If you suspect that a user is under the age of 18, please use the reporting mechanism available through the service. If we learn that any personal information we collect has been provided by an individual under the age of 18, we will promptly delete that personal information.
11. Privacy Notice Changes
This Notice may change over time. When we make changes to this Privacy Notice, we will change the “Last Updated” date at the beginning of this Privacy Notice. If we make material changes to this Privacy Notice, we will notify you by email to your registered email address, by prominently posting on this website or our online services or through other appropriate communication channels. All changes shall be effective from the date of publication unless otherwise provided.
12. How to Contact Us
If you have questions about this Privacy Notice or our privacy practices, you can contact us at
support@go3Fun.co
.
Part 2
Additional information for users in the United States of America
Scope of Disclosures
For Nevada Residents:
Chapter 603A of the Nevada Revised Statutes permits Nevada residents to opt out of future sales of certain covered information that a website operator has collected or will collect about the resident. To submit such a request, please email
support@go3Fun.co
.
For California, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah and Virginia residents:
Depending on your state of residency, these Additional U.S. Privacy Disclosures (the
“U.S. Privacy Disclosures”
) supplement the information contained in Part 1 of our
Privacy Notice
by providing additional information about how 3Fun Limited (
"3Fun"
,
"we"
,
"us"
or
"our"
) processes personal information and apply solely to individual residents of the State of California, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah and Virginia (
“data subjects”
or
“you”
).
These U.S. Privacy Disclosures provide additional information about how we collect, use, disclose and otherwise process personal information of individual residents of the State of California, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, and Virginia, in connection with our websites and applications and other websites we own and operate that link to these U.S. Privacy Disclosures, and the related content, platform, services, products, and other functionality offered on or through our services (collectively, the
“Services”
).
Unless otherwise expressly stated, all terms in these U.S. Privacy Disclosures have the same meaning as defined in Part 1 of our Privacy Notice.
Personal Information
When we use the term “personal information” in these U.S. Privacy Disclosures, we mean any data or information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular natural person or household or any other data or information that constitutes “personal data”, “personal information,” or “personally identifiable information.”
We collect various categories and types of personal information from a variety of sources and for a variety of purposes. We also disclose personal information to a number of recipients. Please review Section 1 (“Information we collect and how we use it”), Section 2 (“Cookies and other similar data collection technologies”), and Section 3 (“How we share information”) of Part 1 of our Privacy Notice to learn more.
Please note that we do not engage in profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning a consumer.
Personal Information Sales
As further described in the "How we share information" section in Part 1 of the Privacy Notice, we may "sell" your personal information to third parties, subject to your right to opt out (see "Your Privacy Choices" below).
We have sold the following categories of personal information for the purposes described in Part 1 of our Privacy Notice, subject to your settings and preferences and your Right to Opt-Out:
Online identifiers
, such as your IP address or information stored in cookies placed on your device; and
Commercial Information
, such as whether you have created an account or subscribed to our VIP services.
The categories of third parties to whom we may sell the personal information include our affiliates that have signed up to our affiliate program
We may also disclose personal information for the purposes described in the "How we share information" section in Part 1 of our Privacy Policy.
We do not share personal information for the purpose of targeted advertising.
Sensitive Information
The following personal information elements we collect may be classified as "sensitive" under certain privacy laws ("sensitive information"):
Account username and password for your 3Fun account;
Personal information revealing racial or ethnic origin, religious beliefs, mental or physical health diagnosis, sex life, sexual orientation, or citizenship or immigration status;
The processing of genetic or biometric data for the purpose of uniquely identifying a natural person; and
Geolocation data.
We only use or disclose sensitive information for the following purposes, where such use or disclosure is necessary and proportionate for those purposes: for performing services you have requested, for detecting security incidents, fraud and other illegal actions, to ensure the physical safety of natural persons, to perform services on behalf of the business, or for short term transient use. We do not sell sensitive information or process or otherwise share sensitive personal information for the purpose of targeted advertising. However, depending on your state of residency and subject to certain legal limitations and exceptions, you may be able to withdraw your consent for our processing of sensitive information (as described in the “Your Privacy Choices” section below).
Deidentified Information
We may at times receive, or process personal information to create, deidentified information that can no longer reasonably be used to infer information about, or otherwise be linked to, a particular individual or household. Where we maintain deidentified information, we will maintain and use the information in deidentified form and not attempt to reidentify the information except as required or permitted by law.
Your Privacy Choices
Depending on your state of residency, in addition to the rights set out in the "Information about your rights" section in Part 1 of the Privacy Notice, you may have the following rights in relation to the personal information that we hold about you (subject to certain limitations at law):
The Right to Know
. The right to confirm whether we are processing personal information about you and to obtain certain personalized details about the personal information we have collected about you in the last 12 months, including:
the categories of personal information collected;
the categories of sources of the personal information;
the purposes for which the personal information was collected;
the categories of personal information disclosed to third parties (if any), and the categories of recipients to whom the personal information were disclosed;
the categories of personal information shared for cross-context behavioral advertising purposes (if any), and the categories of recipients to whom the personal information were disclosed for those purposes; and
the categories of personal information sold (if any), and the categories of third parties to whom the personal information was sold.
The Right to Opt Out of Sales
. The right to direct us not to sell your personal data.
The Right to Control Sensitive Information
. The right to exercise control over our collection and processing of certain sensitive information.
Non-Discrimination.
The right to not receive retaliatory or discriminatory treatment in connection with a request to exercise the above rights. Note, however, the exercise of the rights described above may result in a different price, rate or quality level of product or service where that difference is reasonably related to the impact the right has on our relationship or is otherwise permitted by law.
Please note that the exercise of the rights described above limits our ability to process personal information (such as in the case of a deletion request), which may mean that we are no longer be able to provide you our products or services or engage with you in the same manner. In addition, the exercise of the rights described above may result in a different price, rate, or quality level of product or service where that difference is reasonably related to the impact the right has on our relationship or is otherwise permitted by law.
How to opt out of the selling personal information
Unless you have exercised your Right to Opt Out, and as described in the How We Share Personal Information section of the Privacy Notice, we may disclose or “sell” your personal information to third parties for monetary or other valuable consideration to third parties. The third parties to whom we sell personal information may use such information for their own purposes, in accordance with their own privacy statements, which may include reselling or sharing this information to additional third parties.
You do not need to create an account with us to exercise your Right to Opt Out. However, we may ask you to provide additional personal information so that we can properly identify you in our dataset and to track compliance with your opt out request.  We will only use personal information provided in an opt out request to review and comply with the request.  If you chose not to provide this information, we may only be able to process your request to the extent we are able to identify you in our data systems.
You can exercise the Right to Opt Out in the following ways:
For Opt-Outs of App-Based Sales & Targeted Advertising: To exercise your right to opt-out as it relates to the use of tracking technologies within our apps, please on the “privacy choices” link from within the App and follow the directions on the page.
For Non-App-Based Opt-Outs: You may submit a request by filling out our Individual Rights Request Form.
How to exercise your other privacy rights (including the right to know/access, the right to correct, the right to delete, and the right to control your sensitive information)
To submit a request to exercise one of the privacy rights identified above, please submit a request by:
Emailing
support@go3Fun.co
with the subject line "U.S. Data Subject Rights Request"; or
Filling out our Individual Rights Request Form
For certain requests to exercise your rights, we will need to verify your identity and confirm you are a resident of a state that offers the requested right(s) before processing your request. In order to verify your identity, we will generally either require the successful login to your account or the matching of sufficient information you provide us to the information we maintain about you in our systems. As a result, we require requests to include name, email address, and state of residency. Although we try to limit the personal information collected in connection with a request to exercise any of the above rights, certain requests may require us to obtain additional personal information from you. In certain circumstances, we may decline a request to exercise a privacy right, particularly where we are unable to verify your identity or locate your information in our systems, or where you are not a resident of one of the eligible states.
Authorized Agents
In certain circumstances, you may designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf through the designated methods set forth above where we can verify the authorized agent’s authority to act on your behalf. In order to verify the authorized agent’s authority, we may require evidence of either (i) a valid power of attorney or (ii) a signed letter containing your name and contact information, the name and contact information of the authorized agent, and a statement of authorization for the request. Depending on the evidence provided and your state of residency, we may still need to separately reach out to you to confirm the authorized agent has permission to act on your behalf and to verify your identity in connection with the request.
Appealing Privacy Rights Decisions
Depending on your state of residency, you may be able to appeal a decision we have made in connection with your privacy rights request. All appeal requests should be submitted by emailing us at
support@go3Fun.co
with the subject line, “U.S. Privacy Request Appeal.”
If your appeal is denied:
you may contact the Colorado Attorney General to address your concerns
here
.
you may contact the Connecticut Attorney General to submit a complaint
here
.
you may contact the Virginia Attorney General to submit a complaint
here
.
California Residents
The following disclosures only apply to residents of the State of California.
Collection of Personal Information
. In the last 12 months, we may have collected the following categories of personal information:
Identifiers
, such as your phone number and email address;
Protected Classification Characteristics
, such as age, date of birth and gender.
Commercial information
, such as information about services you have subscribed to.
Biometric information
, if you asked us to validate your identity.
Internet / network information
, such as device information, log and analytics data.
Geolocation data
, such as information about your physical location collected from geolocation features on your device.
Sensory information
, such as pictures (including meta data to such pictures) and videos you upload to our Services.
Professional/employment information
, such as job title, department, employer or business.
Other personal information
, such as communication preferences, customer service and communication history, personal information you permit us to see when interacting with us through social media, personal information you provide us in relation to a question, request, inquiry, survey, contest or promotion, and messages you send through our Services or make available to us on social media.
Inferences
, such as information generated from your use of our Services.
For more information about our collection of personal information, the sources of personal information, and how we use this information, please see the "Information we collect and how we use it" section of Part 1 of the Privacy Notice.
Disclosure of Personal Information
. We may share and disclose personal information with third parties as described in the "How we share information" section in Part 1 of our Privacy Notice. In the previous 12 months, we may have disclosed all of the categories of personal information we process to third parties for a business purpose. The categories of third parties to whom we may disclose your personal information for a business purpose include: (i) 3Fun's affiliates entities and subsidiaries; (ii) business partners; (iii) analytics providers; and (iv) our service providers, contractors and advisors.
Purposes for Collection
. We collect personal information about you for the purposes described in the "Information we collect and how we use it" section of Part 1 of our Privacy Notice.
Privacy Rights of Minorsn
. Our Services are intended for individuals who are 18 years old or over. We do not sell the personal information and do not have actual knowledge that we sell the personal information of minors under 18 years of age.
Data Retentionn
. For information on our data retention practices, please see the “How long we retain information” section of Part 1 of our Privacy Notice.
Financial Incentivesn
. We currently offer an affiliate program, whereby individuals can sign up to become our affiliates and can use introduce people to 3Fun and our Services. The affiliate will receive referral payments, based on the referred user’s spend on VIP features. The affiliate program is subject always to our Affiliate Agreement and any payments under the affiliate program are calculated, and limited, as described in the Affiliate Agreement.
We also offer other various programs, promotions, and financial incentives that may result in differences in our prices or services offered to consumers. For example:
Discounts or other access to exclusive content, research, and insights for users who sign up to receive our marketing emails.
Discounts or other benefits in connection with a contest or sweepstakes or similar promotion.
Any personal information associated with the referred user, collected in connection with the affiliate program or other promotion, is processed in accordance with this Privacy Notice.
We have determined that the value of the affiliate program and other promotions or financial inventive programs is reasonably related to the value of the personal information we process in connection with each program (based on our reasonable but sole determination). We estimate the value of the personal information we receive and otherwise process in connection with our programs by considering the expense we incur in collecting and processing the personal information, as well as the expenses related to facilitating the programs.
Users may exercise their rights in relation to their personal information as outlined in this Privacy Notice, and as applicable, by submitting a ticket through your account or by emailing
support@go3Fun.co
.
Part 3
Additional information for users in the European Economic Area and the United Kingdom
1. Who is the controller of your personal information?
3Fun Limited will be the controller of the personal information that we collect about you. This means that we determine and are responsible for how that personal information is used.
3Fun Limited is a Seychelles company with its address at 306 Victoria House, Victoria, Mahe, Seychelles.
If you would like to contact us, you can email us at
support@go3Fun.co
.
You can also contact our EU representative by email at viedge@gdprav.com.
2. How we collect and use your personal information
Information you provide when you set up your account and profile on our services
We use the personal information we collect from you when you set up your account and profile on our services as follows:
Personal information we collect
How we use it
Lawful basis we rely on
Contact information,
including your email address or phone number. You can also add an email address and password to your account at a later date to facilitate account recovery.
If you use your email address or phone number to log in to our services, or if you later add an email to your account, we will use this information to authenticate you and grant you access to your account.
We will use this information to send you relevant service-related information, such as verification codes or updates to our Terms of Service.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
Your comments and feedback.
If you contact us to request support or provide feedback about our services, we will keep a record of the contents of those communications.
We use this information to respond to your support requests and feedback.
We use this information to identify and remedy errors in the services and ways in which the services can be improved (such as through the development of new features and functionalities).
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely identifying ways in which we can improve the services.
Basic profile information
, including your username,  profile picture and any additional pictures you upload to the service.(including meta data with respect to such pictures).
We use this information to create a public profile for you on our services.
We review your username and profile pictures (including through automated picture analysis technology) to remove any content that does not comply with the Objectional or Prohibited Content provisions of our Terms of Service.
We will conduct online searches against the profile pictures you upload to verify that the picture is one of you and not a stock image or an image of someone else downloaded from the internet.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely ensuring content standards on our services.
Verification photo.(including meta data with respect to such pictures).
If you upload a verification photo, we will use this to confirm your identity by comparing this photo to the other pictures you have uploaded to confirm that all of the images relate to the same person.
The scan may include the use of facial recognition technology so that we can compare the photo you submit to your profile photo and other photos you upload to your profile, to help ensure that you are who you say you are. We do not add the verification photos to your profile.
We will only process your personal information in this way if you give us your consent to do so.
Your date of birth
We use this information to calculate your age and display it in your public profile.
We use this information to verify that you are old enough to use our services in accordance with our
Terms of Service
.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
Your sex and gender
This information will be displayed in your public profile, and used to ensure that you only appear as a prospective match to other users that have selected that they are looking to meet someone of that sex and/or gender.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
Your bio.
We will give you the opportunity to introduce yourself and provide a short description about yourself and your interests.
This information will be displayed in your public profile, so that other users can find out more about you to decide if they want to match with you.
We review the description you upload to remove any content that does not comply with the Objectional or Prohibited Content provisions of our Terms of Service.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
Your private bio.
In addition to your public bio, you can also provide a more private description of yourself.
This information will be displayed in your profile, but will only be visible to users you have matched with through our services.
We review the description you upload to remove any content that does not comply with the Objectional or Prohibited Content provisions of our Terms of Service.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
Your sexual orientation.
We will use this information to ensure that users are recommended matches that algin with their sexuality, and display this information to other users in your public profile, so that other users can decide if they want to match with you.
We will only process your personal information in this way if you give us your consent to do so.
Your preferences
regarding the other users you would like to be matched with through our services (such as people of the same or opposite sex or gender, or same or different sex couples).
We will use this information to ensure that users are recommended matches that align with their preferences, and display this information to other users in your public profile so that other users know who you are looking to match with and decide if they want to match with you.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
Your contacts list on your device.
If you allow our services to access the contacts list on your device, you can select certain the individuals in your contact list that you do not want to be matched with through our services.
We will only process your personal information in this way if you give us your consent to do so.
Information about your partner
. If you access our services as a couple, we will ask you or your partner to provide the above information about your partner as well. Alternatively, you can link your partner's account to your profile.
We will use this information to match you and your partner with users seeking to meet couples, in accordance with your and other users' preferences.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
Information we collect if you subscribe to our VIP services
We offer a VIP subscription service to our services that allows you to access additional features and functionalities on our services. For more information, please see our
FAQs
.
Personal information we collect
How we use it
Lawful basis we rely on
Confirmation of your subscription.
You can sign up to VIP services through your Google or Apple app store account. When you do so, we will receive confirmation from Google or Apple that you have paid to subscribe as a VIP.
We use this information to give you access to the VIP features of our services, and to charge a recurring subscription to our VIP services to your Google or Apple app store account.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
VIP status.
We use this information to give you access to the VIP features of our services, and to charge a recurring subscription to our VIP services to your Google or Apple app store account.
If you have been referred to our services through our affiliate program, we attribute your purchase of VIP status to the relevant affiliate partner's referral in order to remunerate that partner in accordance with our affiliate program terms.
We use this information to measure the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns and identify ways in which we can improve our marketing strategy.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
We will only process your personal information in this way to the extent you give us your consent to do so.
We will only process your personal information in this way to the extent you give us your consent to do so.
Information we collect when you use our services
We will collect the following information about how you use our services in order to provide the features and functionalities of the services to you:
Personal information we collect
How we use it
Lawful basis we rely on
Users you have matched with.
When you and the other user both select to match with each other, we use this information to allow you to communicate with that other user, including sending messages, setting up voice calls, sharing private pictures and other content. We will also display profile updates from users you have matched with in the "Activity" section of your profile.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
Users you have viewed and passed.
If you view another user's profile but do not select to match with that user, we will store and display that user's profile to you in the "Passed" section of your profile so that you can review it again and change your mind.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
Users you have liked.
We will display to you the profiles of the users you have liked in the "You like" section of your profile, and notify those users that you have liked them so they can decide if they want to be matched with you.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
Users who have liked your profile.
We will display to you the profiles of the users who have viewed and liked your profile, so that you can decide if you want to be matched with them.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
Chats and video calls with other users.
We use this information to provide the chat and video call functionalities of our services to you.
We review the content of any messages you send to other users to monitor compliance with our content standards in the Objectional or Prohibited Content provisions of our Terms of Service.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
When you last logged in
We will display this information to VIP users in your public profile, to help them understand if you are active on our services.
We use this information to identify inactive users on our services, so that we can remove accounts that have been inactive for 2 years or more.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
Information we collect from others
We also collect certain information about you from others when you use our services, if you communicate with us through social media or use your social media account to log in to our services. We collect the following information in this way:
Personal information we collect
How we use it
Lawful basis we rely on
Information other users upload to our services about you,
such as comments and opinions that other users provide to us about you, or if another user adds you to their profile as their partner.
If other users provide us with information about you in the ordinary course of using our services, we will use that information to provide the relevant features and functionalities of the services (such as chat functionalities or linking partner accounts).
If we receive complaints about you from other users, we will use that information to investigate whether you have breached our Terms of Service and take appropriate action to enforce our Terms of Service.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
Social media login.
If you choose to log in to our services through your social media account (such as Facebook Login), we will receive confirmation from the social media network that they have authenticated you, a unique ID associated with your account, together with your email address and, depending on your settings, your name.
We use this information to create your account on our services, authenticate you and give you access to your account on our services.
We use this information to send you relevant service-related information.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
Our affiliate partners.
If you have been referred to our services by one of our affiliate partners as part of our affiliate program, we will identify the website or partner that referred you.
We use this information attribute the creation of your account to the relevant affiliate partner's referral in order to remunerate that partner in accordance with our affiliate program terms. We also use this information to measure the effectiveness of our affiliate program.
We will only process your personal information in this way to the extent you have given us your consent to do so.
If you interact with our services through social media networks, such as if you "like" us on Facebook or follow us or share our content on Google, Facebook, Twitter or other social networks, we may receive some information about you that you permit the social network to share with third parties. The data we receive is dependent upon your privacy settings with the social network, and may include your gender, age range, country, and any other information you permit the social network to share with third parties]. You should always review and, if necessary, adjust your privacy settings on third-party websites and social media networks and services before sharing information and/or linking or connecting them to other services.
We use this information to measure the performance of our social media strategy, as well as to communicate directly with you. The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely informing and implementing our social media strategy.
Information we collect automatically from your device
We also collect the following personal information about you and about how you access our services and the device you use to do so:
Personal information we collect
How we use it
Lawful basis we rely on
Usage Information.
We collect information about your activity on our services, for instance how you use them (e.g., date and time you logged in, features you’ve been using, searches, clicks and pages which have been shown to you, referring webpage address), how you came to use the services (e.g. app install date, app install ID) and how you interact with other users (e.g., users you connect and interact with, time and date of your exchanges, number of messages you send and receive).
We use this information to provide you with access to the services on your device.
We use this information to identify fraudulent or malicious use of our services.
We use this information to analyse the performance of our services to identify errors and ways in which we can improve our services.
We use this information to measure the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns and identify ways in which we can improve our marketing strategy.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely detecting and preventing fraud.
We will only process your personal information in this way to the extent you give us your consent to do so.
We will only process your personal information in this way to the extent you give us your consent to do so.
Device information.
We collect information from and about the device(s) you use to access our services, including:
hardware and software information
such as IP address, device ID and type, device-specific and apps settings and characteristics, app crashes, browser type, version and language, operating system, time zones, identifiers associated with cookies or other technologies that may uniquely identify your device or browser (e.g., Google ID), device battery level and available memory, mobile carrier;
information on your wireless and mobile network connection,
like your service provider and signal strength.
We use this information to provide you with access to the services on your device.
We use this information to identify fraudulent or malicious use of our services.
We use this information to analyse the performance of our services to identify errors and ways in which we can improve our services.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely detecting and preventing fraud.
We will only process your personal information in this way to the extent you give us your consent to do so.
Your location
We will ask you to allow us to access your device's location.  We use this information as follows:
Personal information we collect
How we use it
Lawful basis we rely on
Information about the country and city you are in, and your device's longitude and latitude.
We use this information to find potential matches based on their distance from you, and match you with users based on your distance from them.
We use this information to identify suspicious activity and to detect and prevent fraudulent or malicious use of our services.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely detecting and preventing fraud.
Business representatives
We also collect the following personal information about representatives of third-party businesses, including representatives of our affiliates, in connection with our services and the operation of our business:
Personal information we collect
How we use it
Lawful basis we rely on
Contact information
, including full name, email address, mailing address and telephone number
We use this information to communicate with our affiliates and other businesses that provide services to us or that we collaborate with.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely communicating with businesses with which we have contractual relationships.
Professional information,
including job title, job function, company name and characteristics, professional background and the nature of the relationship with us.
We use this information to inform how we communicate with our affiliates and other businesses that provide services to us or that we collaborate with, such as identifying suitable individuals at these companies to receive particular communications.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely administering our relationships with other businesses
The content of communications
between us and the relevant representative, including enquiries, feedback, comments and complaints.
We use this information to communicate and manage our relationship with our affiliates and other businesses that provide services to us or that we collaborate with. We also use this information to inform how we can improve our internal processes.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely administering our relationships with other businesses and informing how we can improve our internal processes.
Payment information.
If you are a sole proprietor or act in a personal capacity, we will also collect your tax or VAT numbers, bank account information and payment information.
If you are a sole proprietor or act in a personal capacity, we use this information to process payments under our agreement with you.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you.
Contract information.
If you are a sole proprietor or act in a personal capacity, we will collect information about our agreement with you (such as the terms of that agreement, start date and expiry date).
If you are a sole proprietor or act in a personal capacity, we use this information to administer our contractual relationship with you.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you.
Stories
As part of our services, we offer a feature that allows you to share your stories about your use of the services, the people you have met and the relationships you have made (the "Stories Feature"). If you submit a story through the Stories Feature, we will collect the following personal information:
Personal information we collect
How we use it
Lawful basis we rely on
Your story content
, including any text and images that you provide when you submit your story through the Stories Feature.
We use this information to promote us and our services in online and printed publications, presentations, promotional materials, online advertising, our website, social media and other media we use to promote us and our services.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely promoting us and our services.
To the extent the story content contains any sensitive or special category data, such as information about your sexual orientation, the additional condition we rely on is that this information has been manifestly made public by you.
Your contact details
,such as your email address.
We use this information to manage our relationship with you, such as contacting you about your story.
We use this information to verify the authenticity of the story submitted using the Stories Feature, including confirming that you have an account on our services and that you have verified your identity.
If you were featured in a story submitted by another user, we will collect your contact details and use them to contact you to obtain your agreement to the publication of the content of the story and any associated images.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely managing our relationship with you.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely verifying the authenticity of the stories submitted through the Stories Feature.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely protecting the safety of our users.
Your location:
Information about the country and city you are in, and your device's longitude and latitude.
We use this information to identify what country, province and/or city you are in when we publish your story content.
We will only process your personal information in this way to the extent you give us your consent to do so.
3. Cookies and similar technologies
We use cookies and similar technologies, such as mobile SDKs, to provide certain functionalities on our services as well as to monitor and improve our services in general.
For more information about the cookies and similar technologies we use, as well as how to control your preferences in relation to those cookies and similar technologies, please see our Cookie Notice.
4. How long we keep your personal information
Unless a longer period is required under applicable law, we will keep your personal information for the following periods:
Personal information
How long we keep it for
When we might keep it for longer
Your account and profile information (including pictures, your bio and any other content you upload to your profile)
While your account is active, and for 1 month after you delete your account (or 3 months if you’re a VIP user).
We will delete accounts that have been inactive for a continuous period of 2 years.
If we need to investigate an outstanding issue, claim or dispute, we will keep the personal information we need to conduct that investigation, or to enforce our defend our rights.
If we have banned you from our services, we will retain the personal information required to identify the banned user and the reason they were banned for 6 years.
Location
We will only collect your live location when you use our services and will not store a record of your location over time. If you leave the app and live location is disabled when you are not using the app, we will record your last known location until you next visit the app and share an updated live location.
Usage and device information
We will keep this information for 3 months after collection for statistical analysis.
Information about professional contacts at affiliates and other businesses that we work with
We will keep this information for the duration of our agreement with the relevant affiliate or other business, and for 6 months thereafter.
If we need to investigate an outstanding issue, claim or dispute, we will keep the personal information we need to conduct that investigation, or to enforce or defend our rights.
5. Recipients of personal information
As required in accordance with how we use your personal information, we may share your personal information as follows:
Recipient
Why we share it
Lawful basis we rely on
Other users of our services
Our services are designed to allow people to connect with each other, and to facilitate the sharing of information and content.
Unless you enable certain privacy features available as part of our VIP subscription, your public profile will be visible to other users of the services.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
Our group companies.
We may share your personal information with other companies owned or controlled by 3Fun, and other companies owned by or under common ownership with 3Fun.
Our group companies may share centralised services, such as IT, data hosting or customer support, as well as various administrative functions.
We may share your personal information with our group companies in order to take advantage of these centralised services and coordinate our group-wide product offering and strategic planning.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely coordinating group-wide services and administration.
With our service providers and partners.
We may share your personal information with companies that provide technical services to us, such as data hosting, maintenance, analytics, customer care and security.
These recipients will use your personal information as processors on our instructions. They may also aggregate and anonymise personal information they receive for their own product development and improvement.
Social media.
When we interact with you through a social media app, that social media app will receive and process the personal information contained in such communications.
Social media apps will use the personal information they collect in accordance with their privacy notices.
The lawful basis we rely on for transferring this personal information is that the processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely communicating with you and other users through social media, and promoting our services.
Purchasers and third parties in connection with a business transaction.
Your personal information may be disclosed to third parties in connection with a transaction, such as a merger, sale of assets or shares, reorganisation, financing, change of control or acquisition of all or a portion of our business. These recipients will use your personal information to assess the potential transaction with us, and otherwise only as disclosed in this Privacy Notice.
The lawful basis we rely on for transferring this personal information is that the processing is necessary for our and the third party's legitimate interests, namely assessing and executing a potential transaction with us.
Law enforcement, regulators and other parties for legal reasons.
We may share your personal information with third parties as required by law or if we reasonably believe that such action is necessary to (i) comply with the law and the reasonable requests of law enforcement; (ii) detect and investigate illegal activities and breaches of agreements; and/or (iii) exercise or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of 3Fun, its users or others.
                    These recipients will use your personal information in the performance of their regulatory or law enforcement role, or to advise us in connection with a potential claim or regulatory enforcement action.
The lawful basis we rely on for sharing personal information with these recipients is that the processing is either necessary to comply with a legal obligation to which we are subject or is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely enforcing our rights or complying with requests from regulatory authorities.
6. International transfers of your personal information
We use service providers in the USA to process personal information. We may also share personal information with companies that have the same ownership as us in China as described above.
These international transfers of your personal information will be made pursuant to appropriate safeguards in accordance with applicable law:
Where we may transfer your personal information
Safeguards that apply to that transfer
United States
The transfers are made:
to organisations that participate in the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework and (where applicable) the UK extension to the Data Privacy Framework; or
in accordance with agreements that incorporate standard contractual clauses issued by the European Commission and, where applicable, the approved addendum to those standard contractual clauses issued under the UK Data Protection Act 2018.
China
The transfers are made in accordance with agreements that incorporate standard contractual clauses issued by the European Commission and, where applicable, the approved addendum to those standard contractual clauses issued under the UK Data Protection Act 2018.
Canada
The laws in this jurisdiction are deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data by the European Commission and (where applicable) under the UK Data Protection Act 2018.
Israel
The laws in this jurisdiction are deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data by the European Commission and (where applicable) under the UK Data Protection Act 2018.
We will also continually monitor the circumstances surrounding such transfers in order to ensure that these maintain, in practice, a level of protection that is essentially equivalent to the one guaranteed by the UK GDPR and EU GDPR.
If you wish to enquire further about the safeguards we use, including obtaining a copy of any Standard Contractual Clauses we have in place with recipients outside the EEA or UK, please contact us using the details in section 1 (Who is the controller of your personal information?) of this Part 3 of this Privacy Notice.
7. Your rights
In accordance with applicable privacy law you may have the following rights in respect of your personal information that we hold:
Right of access.
The right to obtain:
confirmation of whether, and where, we are processing your personal information;
information about the categories of personal information we are processing, the purposes for which we process your personal information and information as to how we determine applicable retention periods;
information about the categories of recipients with whom we may share your personal information; and
a copy of the personal information we hold about you.
Right of portability.
The right, in certain circumstances, to receive a copy of the personal information you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format that supports re-use, or to request the transfer of your personal data to another person.
Right to rectification.
The right to obtain rectification of any inaccurate or incomplete personal information we hold about you without undue delay.
Right to erasure.
The right, in some circumstances, to require us to erase your personal information without undue delay if the continued processing of that personal information is not justified.
Right to restriction.
The right, in some circumstances, to require us to limit the purposes for which we process your personal information if the continued processing of the personal information in this way is not justified, such as where the accuracy of the personal information is contested by you.
Right to withdraw consent.
If you have given us your consent to process your personal information in a particular way, you have the right to withdraw that consent. Withdrawing consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing of your personal information prior to that withdrawal. You can change your consent preferences at any time by going to the "Settings" section in the app.
You have the right to object to any processing based on our legitimate interests where there are grounds relating to your particular situation. There may be compelling reasons for continuing to process your personal information, and we will assess and inform you if that is the case.
If you are located in France, in addition to the rights set out above, you have the right to provide instructions regarding the retention, deletion and disclosure of your personal information after your death. In the absence of instructions from you, your successors may request the disclosure or deletion of your personal information by contacting us using the contact details set out in section 1 (Who is the controller of your personal information?) of this Part 3 of this Privacy Notice.
If you wish to exercise one of these rights, please contact us using the details set out in section 1 (Who is the controller of your personal information?) of this Part 3 of this Privacy Notice.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with your supervisory authority. If you are in the EEA, to find out how to contact your local regulator, please visit
https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/about-edpb/members_en
. If you reside in the UK, please visit
https://ico.org.uk/make-a-complaint/
for more information about how to contact the Information Commissioner's Office.
Your privacy settings
3 Fun, would like to use cookies (also from third-party providers), among other things, for analysis and
                advertising purposes. Please select the extent to which you agree to the use of cookies [on our website/
                in our app]. Further information can be found in our
privacy notice
and
our cookie notice
Depending on your preferences, we may use cookies and other tracking technologies to improve your user
                experience by collecting statistics, optimizing features, providing relevant content and tailoring
                advertising to your interests. Please note that some of the providers we use process their data in
                countries outside the EEA, such as the USA or China. The level of data protection there may not be the
                same as in the EEA and there may be access to the data by state authorities against which you have no
                extensive legal remedies.
Cookies that are necessary for the functioning of the website (strictly necessary cookies or functional
                cookies) do not require your consent.
If you click on the "Agree to all cookies" button, you agree to the use of all cookies requiring consent
                and to the transfer of data to countries outside the EEA. However, you can also set your cookie
                preferences individually under "Customize cookies".
You can revoke your consent at any time with effect for the future by accessing the cookie preference
                center via the link at the end of our website and adjusting the settings to your preferences.
Agree to all Cookies
Customize Cookies
Reject Cookies
Your privacy settings
Individually give your consent to cookies. By selecting and clicking on "safe preferences", you consent to
            the use of not strictly necessary cookies as described on the
first layer
of this cookie banner.
Strictly necessary Cookies
are cookies that are required for the website to function. These do not require your consent.
4 selected
Name of the cookies
Purposes
Categories of personal data
Storage duration
recipient
Name of the cookies
Purposes
Categories of personal data
Storage duration
recipient
Non-functional Cookies.
These cookies are not functionally necessary for the operation of our website. We differentiate between:
Analytical/Performance Cookies
Purposes
Name of the cookies
Purposes
Categories of personal data
Storage duration
recipient
Name of the cookies
Purposes
Categories of personal data
Storage duration
recipient
Functionality Cookies
Name of the cookies
Name of the cookies
Purposes
Categories of personal data
Storage duration
recipient
Name of the cookies
Purposes
Categories of personal data
Storage duration
recipient
Marketing or Targeting Cookies
Name of the cookies
Name of the cookies
Purposes
Categories of personal data
Storage duration
recipient
Name of the cookies
Purposes
Categories of personal data
Storage duration
recipient
Safe Preferences
Cancel
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://go3fun.co/privacy_policy:
About Us
FAQ
Affiliates
Success Story
3Fun Privacy Notice
Last updated: October 17, 2024
Privacy Notice
Welcome to 3Fun’s Privacy Notice. Thank you for taking the time to read it.
Please read this Privacy Notice carefully before accessing or using our services. If you have any questions about this Privacy Notice or how we use your personal information, please contact us using the contact details set out below.
What this Privacy Notice covers
This Privacy Notice applies to websites, apps, events and other services that post or link to this Privacy Notice or are operated by 3Fun Limited (
"3Fun"
,
"we"
,
"us"
or
"our"
). For simplicity, we refer to all of these as our "services" in this Privacy Notice.
Some services may require their own unique privacy notice. Unless otherwise stated, if a particular service has its own privacy notice, then that notice -- not this Privacy Notice -- applies.
This Privacy Notice sets out how we collect, store, transfer, share and use information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, to a person (
"personal information"
) when you sign up to, access and use the services.
This Privacy Notice does not cover our use of information that is not "personal information" or a similarly defined term under applicable law. This means that it does not cover our use of aggregated information.
Where applicable law permits, this Privacy Notice also does not cover deidentified information, meaning information that is maintained in a form that is not reasonably capable of being associated with or linked to an individual (please note that this would not apply to personal information collected from you if you are in the UK, EEA or Switzerland).
This Privacy Notice also does not cover or address personal information and privacy practices relating to 3Fun job applicants, employees or other personnel.
Part 1
of this Privacy Notice sets out:
1. Information we collect and how we use it;
2. Cookies and other similar data collection technologies;
3. How we share information;
4. Control over your information;
5. Information about your rights;
6. Where we store your information;
7. How long we retain your information;
8. Children's privacy;
9. Privacy Notice changes; and;
10. How to contact us;
Part 2
of this Privacy Notice sets out additional information for users in the United States of America, and
Part 3
of this privacy notice sets out additional information for users in the European Economic Area and the United Kingdom.
Part 1
1. Information we collect and how we use it
We collect information that you provide to us when you set up your profile on our services, sign up for VIP access, and use our services to interact with other users. We also collect certain information automatically about how you use our services and your device.
Some of the information we collect is classed as "sensitive" or "special category" personal information, such as your sexual orientation and information about your sex life. You do not have to provide this information to use our services,However, not providing this information may impair your ability to find friends or matches. If you do provide this information, you can remove this information at any time using the applicable functionalities of our services (for more information, see the “
Control over your information
” section below).
Information you provide when you set up your profile with us
We will collect the following information from you when you set up your account and profile on our services:
Contact information
, including your email address or phone number. If you use your email address or phone number to log in to our services, we will use this information to authenticate you and grant you access to your account, as well as to send you relevant service-related information. You can also add an email address and password to your account at a later date to facilitate account recovery.
Basic profile information
, including your username, and profile picture (including meta data with respect to such pictures). We will use this information to set up your public profile on our services (i.e., your profile that will be visible to other users of the services).
Additional and verification pictures
. You can add additional pictures to your public profile, as well as a verification photo which will be analysed to verify your identity by checking that the photos you have uploaded are all of the same person. If you consent, we may access your device's camera roll to collect your photos and videos (for instance, if you want to publish a photo, video or streaming on the services). Please see the "
Photo Verification
" section below for more information about how we verify your photos.
Your date of birth
. We will use this information to verify that you are old enough to use our services and will display your age in your public profile.
Your sex and gender
. This will be displayed in your public profile to allow you to match with other users looking to meet individuals of your sex and gender.
Your bio
. We will give you the opportunity to introduce yourself and provide a short description about yourself and your interests that can be displayed to other users on our services. You can also provide a more private description that will only be visible to users you have matched with.
Your preferences
, such as your sexual orientation and who you are looking to meet through our services (such as people of the same or opposite sex or gender, or same or different sex couples). This will be displayed in your public profile and used to match you with other users.
Phone contacts.
You can upload your phone contacts to our services to block any individuals in your contacts list from matching with you on our services.
Information about your partner or their account
. If you join our services as a couple, we will either collect the above information about your partner or allow you to link your partner's account to your account, and display that information in your public profile to allow you to match with other users together. You should ensure that you have your partner's permission before providing their information to us through the services.
If you set up a VIP account on our services, we will also collect the following information:
Subscription confirmation
. You can sign up to our services as a VIP through your Google or Apple app store account. When you do so, we will receive confirmation from Google or Apple that you have paid to subscribe as a VIP in order to give you access to the VIP features of our services.
VIP status
. We use this to give you access to the VIP features of our services, as further described in our
FAQs
.
Information obtained through your use of our services
We may collect the following information that you upload to our services when you use our services:
Users you have matched with
. When you and another user both select to match with each other, we use this information to allow you to communicate with that other user, including sending messages, setting up voice calls, sharing private pictures and other content. We will also display profile updates from users you have matched with in the "Activity" section of your profile.
Users you have viewed and passed
. If you view another user's profile but do not select to match with that user, we will store and display that user's profile to you in the "Passed" section of your profile so that you can review it again and change your mind. We will also use this information to stop that other user from appearing again when you browse potential matches.
Users you have liked
. We will display to you the profiles of the users you have liked in the "You like" section of your profile, and notify those users that you have liked them so they can decide if they want to be matched with you.
Users who have liked your profile
. We will display to you the profiles of the users who have viewed and liked your profile, so that you can decide if you want to be matched with them.
Chats and video calls with other users
. We provide chat and video call functionalities that enable you to send messages, pictures and other content to other users you have matched with through our services, and to set up and attend video calls with those users through our services.
Last login
. We make this information available to VIP users on our services to help them identify active users to match with. We also use this to identify inactive accounts for deletion.
If you contact our customer care team, we will collect the information you give us during the interaction. Sometimes, we monitor or record these interactions for training purposes and to ensure a high quality of service.
When you participate in surveys or focus groups, you give us your insights into our products and services, responses to our questions and testimonials.
When you choose to participate in our promotions, events or contests, we collect the information that you use to register or enter.
If you ask us to communicate with or otherwise process information of other people (for example, if you ask us to send an email on your behalf to one of your friends), we collect the information about others that you give us in order to complete your request.
If you submit a story through our Stories Feature, we will collect the content of the story (including any text and images) and your contact details. Please see the "Stories" section below for more information.
Information we collect from others
In addition to the information you provide us directly, we receive information about you from others, including:
Other Users
. Other users may provide information about you as they use our services. For instance, we will collect information about you if other users add you to their profile as their partner or contact us about you.
Social Media
. You may be able to use your social media login (such as Facebook Login) to create and log in to your 3Fun account. The data we receive is dependent upon an individual’s privacy settings with the social network, but in order to allow you to log in to your account we will need to access your name and email address, as well as confirmation that you have logged in to that social media account, in order to authenticate you and grant you access to our services.
When you log in with Facebook, we will obtain your email and ID on Facebook. This ID is used as the unique identifier to associate you with your account. The email address associated with your Facebook account will be used to complete your profile information.
When you log in with Apple, we will obtain your email and ID on Apple. This ID is used as the unique identifier to associate you with your account. The email address associated with your Apple account is used to complete your profile information. You can choose to use your real email or a private email.
If you interact with our services through various social media networks, such as if you "Like" us on Facebook or follow us or share our content on Google, Facebook, Twitter, or other social networks, we may receive some information about you that you permit the social network to share with third parties. The data we receive is dependent upon your privacy settings with the social network, and may include your gender, age range, country, and any other information you permit the social network to share with third parties. You should always review and, if necessary, adjust your privacy settings on third-party websites and social media networks and services before sharing information and/or linking or connecting them to other services. We use this information to measure the performance of our social media strategy, as well as to communicate directly with you.
Other affiliates who sign up to our affiliate program
. We may receive info about you from our affiliates. For instance, where affiliates who have signed up to our affiliate program promote our services on their websites and platforms, we may collect information about the affiliate's website that referred you to our services. This enables us to pay these affiliates the commission they are owed under our affiliate program.
Information automatically collected when you use our services
When you use our services, we collect information about which features you’ve used, how you’ve used them and the devices you use to access our services. See below for more details:
Usage Information
. We collect information about your activity on our services, for instance, how you use them (e.g., date and time you logged in, features you’ve been using, searches, clicks and pages which have been shown to you, referring webpage address), how you interact with other users (e.g., users you connect and interact with, time and date of your exchanges, number of messages you send and receive) and information about any purchases on the services (i.e. if and when you purchase a subscription to a VIP account).
Referring page address
. If you sign up for a VIP account, we will also collect the address of the webpage that referred you to our services or recommended that you sign up for a VIP account.
Device information
. We collect information from and about the device(s) you use to access our services, including:
hardware and software information such as IP address, device ID and type, user ID, device-specific and apps settings and characteristics, app crashes, advertising IDs (such as Google’s AAID and Apple's IDFA, both of which are randomly generated numbers that you can reset by going into your device's settings), browser type, version and language, operating system, time zones, identifiers associated with cookies or other technologies that may uniquely identify your device or browser (e.g., IMEI/UDID and MAC address);
information on your wireless and mobile network connection, like your service provider and signal strength;
information on device sensors such as accelerometers, gyroscopes and compasses.
Location
. In order to access the services, we request that you provide access to your device’s precise geolocation. We use this in order to recommend matches to you based on the distance those other users are from you. For more information on the choices you may have when it comes to geolocation data, please see the “
Control over your information
” section below.
For information about our and our third-party providers’ use of cookies and related technologies to collect information automatically, and the choices you have in relation to its collection, please visit our
Cookie Notice
.
Business representatives data collection practices
We also may collect professional personal information about representatives of third-party businesses, including representatives of our affiliates, in connection with our services and the operation of our business, which may include:
Contact Information
. Including full name, email address, mailing address and telephone number.
Professional Information
. Including job title, job function, company name and characteristics, professional background, and nature of the relationship with us.
Tax and Payment Information
. Including a personal tax identification number, bank account information, and payment information where the individual is a representative of a sole proprietor or similar legal structure that uses personal tax and account information in lieu of separate business information.
Contract Information
. Including any information relating to our contractual relationship.
Inquiry Information
. Including the contents of emails, texts, and other communications and, where permitted by law, recordings of calls with us.
Feedback Information
. Including information provided in response to surveys we may conduct with customers or business partners, or unsolicited feedback received regarding our services and business.
If you engage with our services or interact with us through your employer, company or organization, we may receive the above information from them.
How we use your personal information
The main reason we use your information is to operate, maintain and deliver our services, including allowing you to view and match with other users, allowing other users to view your profile and match with you, personalizing your experience and customizing content on our services and to facilitate communications between users. We also use the personal information we collect to improve our service and for the following purposes:
To communicate with you
We use your personal information to communicate with you, including via email, text message and/or push notification.
We also use your information to send you important information regarding the services, such as certain changes to our terms, conditions, policies, and/or other administrative information. Because this information may be material to your use of the services, you may not opt out of receiving such communications.
To prevent, detect and fight fraud or other illegal or unauthorized activities
For safety and security and to ensure you have the best possible user experience, we require users to verify their accounts. We might ask for your phone number and, in some instances, we might also ask that you carry out photo verification. We want to make sure that the accounts on our services are genuine, and that accounts are not being created for malicious activities and cybercrime – they threaten the 3Fun network and spoil things for everyone. You can also verify your photo on a voluntary basis.
We monitor the content you upload to our services, including your photos and chat messages, to ensure that you comply with our content standards as set out in our
Terms of Service
.We use automated picture analysis technology to ensure that photographs uploaded to our services comply with our prohibition against pornographic content. If you believe that any pictures you have uploaded have been blocked and removed by mistake, please contact us at
support@go3fun.co
.
We review feedback to address ongoing or alleged misbehavior on and off-platform.
We perform data analysis to better understand and design countermeasures against these activities.
We also retain data related to fraudulent activities to prevent against recurrences.
We may use personal information to help maintain the general safety, security, and integrity of the services, technology assets, and business.
To promote our services and inform our marketing strategy
We may use your personal information to:
administer sweepstakes, contests, discounts or other offers.
communicate with you about products or services that we think may interest you; and
measure the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns.
To improve our services and develop new ones
We may use your personal information to:
administer focus groups and surveys.
conduct research and analysis of users’ behavior and identify usage trends to improve our services and content (for instance, we may decide to change the look and feel or even substantially modify a given feature based on users’ behavior).
develop new features and services (for example, we may decide to build a new interests-based feature further to requests received from users).
To ensure legal compliance
We may use your personal information to:
Comply with legal requirements, applicable laws, court orders, governmental regulations, and enforce our corporate reporting obligations.
Assist law enforcement or respond to law enforcement requests.
Enforce or exercise our rights, for example our
Terms.
2. Photo verification
If you choose to verify your profile photo, we will review your verification photo and compare it to the other photos you submit (including your profile photo), to help ensure that you are who you say you are. We do not add the verification photos to your profile.
With your consent, we will use facial recognition AI technology to compare your verification photo against the photos you upload. We use our own facial recognition AI technology to do this, as well as technology provided by Amazon Web Services, Inc. Neither we nor Amazon Web Services retain your biometric template after completing the photo verification process.
We will also retain the biometric template of your face that we create to verify any other photos that you upload in the future.
If you do not agree to the use of facial recognition technology to verify your photos, we will review your photos manually. Please note that this process will take longer.
You can withdraw your consent to our use of biometric templates to verify your photos at any time by updating your settings on our services. You can do this through the "Settings" feature within your profile page on the services.
3. Stories
As part of our services, we offer a feature that allows you to share stories about your use of the services, the people you have met and the relationships you have made (the "
Stories Feature
"). If you submit a story through the Stories Feature, we will collect:
any personal information that you include in your story, including any text or images that you submit through the Stories Feature;
your location;
your contact details (such as your email address) and the contact details of anyone featured in the story.
The content of your story may be used to promote us and our services in online and printed publications, presentations, promotional materials, online advertising, our website, social media and other media we use to promote us and our services.
When you submit a story to us, we will use the contact details provided to:
communicate with you about your story;
verify the authenticity of the story you submit, including by confirming that you and anyone referred to or featured in the story have a verified account with us;
contact anyone referred to or featured in the story to confirm whether they agree to the publication of the story and any associated images.
We may also use your location to identify the country and state or province you are from when we publish your story.
4. Cookies and other similar data collection technologies
Like most providers of online services, we use cookies and similar technologies to provide, secure and improve our services, including by remembering your preferences, recognizing you when you visit our services, and identifying where you heard about our services. To accomplish these purposes, we also may link information from cookies with other personal information we hold about you.
There are several cookie management options available to you. Please note that changes you make to your cookie preferences may make browsing our website a less satisfying experience. In some cases, you may even find yourself unable to use all or part of our services.
For more information about our and our third-party providers’ use of cookies and the choices you may have when it comes to cookies, please refer to our
Cookie Notice
.
5. How we share information
We may share your personal information as follows:
With other users
You share information with other users when you voluntarily disclose information on the services (including your public profile). Please be careful with your information and make sure that the content you share is stuff that you’re comfortable being viewable publicly on the services since neither you nor we can control what others do with your information once you share it.
For more information on the choices you have on the visibility of select information in your profile, please see the “
Control over your information
” section below.
With our group companies
We may share your personal information with other companies owned or controlled by 3Fun, and other companies owned by or under common ownership as 3Fun (i.e., our affiliates and subsidiaries).
With our service providers and third-party providers
We use third parties to help us operate and improve our services. These third parties assist us with various tasks, including data hosting and maintenance, analytics, customer care, and security operations.
With our affiliates who sign up to our affiliate program
We may disclose data about you with our affiliates. For instance, where affiliates who have signed up to our affiliate program promote our services on their websites and platforms, we may share information about you with the affiliate's website that referred you to our services. This enables us to pay these affiliates the commission they are owed under our affiliate program.
For corporate transactions
We may transfer your information if we are involved, whether in whole or in part, in a merger, sale, acquisition, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, bankruptcy or other change of ownership or control.
When required by law
We may disclose your information if reasonably necessary: (i) to comply with a legal process, such as a court order, subpoena or search warrant, government / law enforcement investigation or other legal requirements; (ii) to assist in the prevention or detection of crime (subject in each case to applicable law); or (iii) to protect the safety of any person.
To enforce legal rights
We may also share information: (i) if disclosure would mitigate our liability in an actual or threatened lawsuit; (ii) as necessary to protect our legal rights and legal rights of our users, business partners or other interested parties; (iii) to enforce our agreements with you; and (iv) to investigate, prevent, or take other actions regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud or other wrongdoing.
With your consent or at your request
We may ask for your consent to share your information with third parties. In any such case, we will make it clear why we want to share the information.
6. Control over your information
You can control how your personal information is used in the following ways:
In-app settings
. You can update your privacy settings, as well as access, rectify or delete information that you provided to us or share with other users and that’s associated with your account, directly within the service. You may also enable or disable push notifications. To access these tools and account settings, please see the "Settings" feature within your profile page on the services.
Device permissions
. You can change how we access information on your device, such as your phone book and location, through the “Settings” app on your device. You can also update your preferences in relation to push notifications in this way. If you remove all permissions to access information on your device, our services may lose all or some functionality.
Modifying and deleting your information
. You can review, amend or delete your personal information by using the corresponding functionality directly on the service. You will not be able to amend or delete certain information. You can, however, delete your entire account using the applicable functionality on the service.
Email preferences
. You can stop receiving promotional email communications from us at any time by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link provided in such communications. We make every effort to promptly process all unsubscribe requests. You may not opt out of service-related communications (e.g., account verification, transactional communications, changes/updates to features of the service, technical and security notices).
7. Information about your rights
Depending on where you access our services from, you may have some or all of the following rights in respect of your personal information that we hold:
Right of access
. You have the right to obtain confirmation of whether, and where, we are processing your personal information, information about the purposes for which we process your personal information, information about how we determine applicable retention periods, and to obtain a copy of that personal information;
Right of portability
. You have the right, in certain circumstances, to receive a copy of the personal information you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format that supports re-use, or to request the transfer of your personal information to another person;
Right to rectification or correction
. You have the right to obtain rectification of any inaccurate or incomplete personal information we hold about you without undue delay;
Right to deletion or erasure
. You have the right, in some circumstances, to require us to erase your personal information without undue delay if the continued processing of that personal information is not justified; and
Right to restriction
. You have the right, in some circumstances, to require us to limit the purposes for which we process your personal information if the continued processing of the personal information in this way is not justified, such as where the accuracy of the personal information is contested by you.
You may also have the right to object (opt out) to our processing of your personal information where:
we sell your personal information for monetary or other valuable consideration or use your personal information for targeted advertising; or
we process your personal information based on our legitimate interests where there are grounds relating to your particular situation. If we receive an objection from you, there may be compelling reasons for continuing to process your personal information in this way, and we will assess and inform you if that is the case.
If you would like to exercise one of these rights, please contact us by email to
support@go3Fun.co
.
For your protection and the protection of all of our users, we may ask you to provide proof of identity before we can answer the above requests.
Keep in mind, we may reject requests for certain reasons, including if the request is unlawful or if it may infringe on trade secrets or intellectual property or the privacy of another user. If you wish to receive information relating to another user, such as a copy of any messages you received from him or her through our service, the other user will have to contact our Privacy Officer to provide their written consent before the information is released.
8. Where we store your personal information
Your personal information will primarily be processed by us in the Seychelles and our service providers in the United States of America. It may also be accessed by our affiliates in China.
9. How long we retain your information
We will usually store the personal information we collect about you for no longer than necessary to fulfil the purposes for which it was collected, and in accordance with our legitimate business interests and applicable law. However, if necessary, we may retain personal data for longer periods of time, until set retention periods and deadlines expire, for instance where we are required to do so in accordance with legal, tax and accounting requirements set by a legislature, regulator or other government authority.
We will normally keep your personal information for as long as you are an active user of our services. If you delete your account, your profile will no longer be visible to others, but we will retain your personal information for one month or (if you have subscribed as a VIP user) three months, after which it will be deleted or anonymized.
We will also delete or anonymize your personal information if you are inactive for a continuous period of two years.
We may, however, keep your personal information for longer if:
we must keep it to comply with applicable law (for instance, some "traffic data" is kept for one year to comply with statutory data retention obligations);
we must keep it to evidence our compliance with applicable law (for instance, records of consents to our Terms, Privacy Notice and other similar consents are kept for five years);
here is an outstanding issue, claim or dispute requiring us to keep the relevant information until it is resolved; or
the information must be kept for our legitimate business interests, such as fraud prevention and enhancing users' safety and security. For example, information may need to be kept to prevent a user who was banned for unsafe behavior or security incidents from opening a new account.
10. Children's Privacy
Our services are restricted to users who are 18 years of age or older. We do not permit users under the age of 18 on our platform and we do not knowingly collect personal information from anyone under the age of 18. If you suspect that a user is under the age of 18, please use the reporting mechanism available through the service. If we learn that any personal information we collect has been provided by an individual under the age of 18, we will promptly delete that personal information.
11. Privacy Notice Changes
This Notice may change over time. When we make changes to this Privacy Notice, we will change the “Last Updated” date at the beginning of this Privacy Notice. If we make material changes to this Privacy Notice, we will notify you by email to your registered email address, by prominently posting on this website or our online services or through other appropriate communication channels. All changes shall be effective from the date of publication unless otherwise provided.
12. How to Contact Us
If you have questions about this Privacy Notice or our privacy practices, you can contact us at
support@go3Fun.co
.
Part 2
Additional information for users in the United States of America
Scope of Disclosures
For Nevada Residents:
Chapter 603A of the Nevada Revised Statutes permits Nevada residents to opt out of future sales of certain covered information that a website operator has collected or will collect about the resident. To submit such a request, please email
support@go3Fun.co
.
For California, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah and Virginia residents:
Depending on your state of residency, these Additional U.S. Privacy Disclosures (the
“U.S. Privacy Disclosures”
) supplement the information contained in Part 1 of our
Privacy Notice
by providing additional information about how 3Fun Limited (
"3Fun"
,
"we"
,
"us"
or
"our"
) processes personal information and apply solely to individual residents of the State of California, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah and Virginia (
“data subjects”
or
“you”
).
These U.S. Privacy Disclosures provide additional information about how we collect, use, disclose and otherwise process personal information of individual residents of the State of California, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, and Virginia, in connection with our websites and applications and other websites we own and operate that link to these U.S. Privacy Disclosures, and the related content, platform, services, products, and other functionality offered on or through our services (collectively, the
“Services”
).
Unless otherwise expressly stated, all terms in these U.S. Privacy Disclosures have the same meaning as defined in Part 1 of our Privacy Notice.
Personal Information
When we use the term “personal information” in these U.S. Privacy Disclosures, we mean any data or information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular natural person or household or any other data or information that constitutes “personal data”, “personal information,” or “personally identifiable information.”
We collect various categories and types of personal information from a variety of sources and for a variety of purposes. We also disclose personal information to a number of recipients. Please review Section 1 (“Information we collect and how we use it”), Section 2 (“Cookies and other similar data collection technologies”), and Section 3 (“How we share information”) of Part 1 of our Privacy Notice to learn more.
Please note that we do not engage in profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning a consumer.
Personal Information Sales
As further described in the "How we share information" section in Part 1 of the Privacy Notice, we may "sell" your personal information to third parties, subject to your right to opt out (see "Your Privacy Choices" below).
We have sold the following categories of personal information for the purposes described in Part 1 of our Privacy Notice, subject to your settings and preferences and your Right to Opt-Out:
Online identifiers
, such as your IP address or information stored in cookies placed on your device; and
Commercial Information
, such as whether you have created an account or subscribed to our VIP services.
The categories of third parties to whom we may sell the personal information include our affiliates that have signed up to our affiliate program
We may also disclose personal information for the purposes described in the "How we share information" section in Part 1 of our Privacy Policy.
We do not share personal information for the purpose of targeted advertising.
Sensitive Information
The following personal information elements we collect may be classified as "sensitive" under certain privacy laws ("sensitive information"):
Account username and password for your 3Fun account;
Personal information revealing racial or ethnic origin, religious beliefs, mental or physical health diagnosis, sex life, sexual orientation, or citizenship or immigration status;
The processing of genetic or biometric data for the purpose of uniquely identifying a natural person; and
Geolocation data.
We only use or disclose sensitive information for the following purposes, where such use or disclosure is necessary and proportionate for those purposes: for performing services you have requested, for detecting security incidents, fraud and other illegal actions, to ensure the physical safety of natural persons, to perform services on behalf of the business, or for short term transient use. We do not sell sensitive information or process or otherwise share sensitive personal information for the purpose of targeted advertising. However, depending on your state of residency and subject to certain legal limitations and exceptions, you may be able to withdraw your consent for our processing of sensitive information (as described in the “Your Privacy Choices” section below).
Deidentified Information
We may at times receive, or process personal information to create, deidentified information that can no longer reasonably be used to infer information about, or otherwise be linked to, a particular individual or household. Where we maintain deidentified information, we will maintain and use the information in deidentified form and not attempt to reidentify the information except as required or permitted by law.
Your Privacy Choices
Depending on your state of residency, in addition to the rights set out in the "Information about your rights" section in Part 1 of the Privacy Notice, you may have the following rights in relation to the personal information that we hold about you (subject to certain limitations at law):
The Right to Know
. The right to confirm whether we are processing personal information about you and to obtain certain personalized details about the personal information we have collected about you in the last 12 months, including:
the categories of personal information collected;
the categories of sources of the personal information;
the purposes for which the personal information was collected;
the categories of personal information disclosed to third parties (if any), and the categories of recipients to whom the personal information were disclosed;
the categories of personal information shared for cross-context behavioral advertising purposes (if any), and the categories of recipients to whom the personal information were disclosed for those purposes; and
the categories of personal information sold (if any), and the categories of third parties to whom the personal information was sold.
The Right to Opt Out of Sales
. The right to direct us not to sell your personal data.
The Right to Control Sensitive Information
. The right to exercise control over our collection and processing of certain sensitive information.
Non-Discrimination.
The right to not receive retaliatory or discriminatory treatment in connection with a request to exercise the above rights. Note, however, the exercise of the rights described above may result in a different price, rate or quality level of product or service where that difference is reasonably related to the impact the right has on our relationship or is otherwise permitted by law.
Please note that the exercise of the rights described above limits our ability to process personal information (such as in the case of a deletion request), which may mean that we are no longer be able to provide you our products or services or engage with you in the same manner. In addition, the exercise of the rights described above may result in a different price, rate, or quality level of product or service where that difference is reasonably related to the impact the right has on our relationship or is otherwise permitted by law.
How to opt out of the selling personal information
Unless you have exercised your Right to Opt Out, and as described in the How We Share Personal Information section of the Privacy Notice, we may disclose or “sell” your personal information to third parties for monetary or other valuable consideration to third parties. The third parties to whom we sell personal information may use such information for their own purposes, in accordance with their own privacy statements, which may include reselling or sharing this information to additional third parties.
You do not need to create an account with us to exercise your Right to Opt Out. However, we may ask you to provide additional personal information so that we can properly identify you in our dataset and to track compliance with your opt out request.  We will only use personal information provided in an opt out request to review and comply with the request.  If you chose not to provide this information, we may only be able to process your request to the extent we are able to identify you in our data systems.
You can exercise the Right to Opt Out in the following ways:
For Opt-Outs of App-Based Sales & Targeted Advertising: To exercise your right to opt-out as it relates to the use of tracking technologies within our apps, please on the “privacy choices” link from within the App and follow the directions on the page.
For Non-App-Based Opt-Outs: You may submit a request by filling out our Individual Rights Request Form.
How to exercise your other privacy rights (including the right to know/access, the right to correct, the right to delete, and the right to control your sensitive information)
To submit a request to exercise one of the privacy rights identified above, please submit a request by:
Emailing
support@go3Fun.co
with the subject line "U.S. Data Subject Rights Request"; or
Filling out our Individual Rights Request Form
For certain requests to exercise your rights, we will need to verify your identity and confirm you are a resident of a state that offers the requested right(s) before processing your request. In order to verify your identity, we will generally either require the successful login to your account or the matching of sufficient information you provide us to the information we maintain about you in our systems. As a result, we require requests to include name, email address, and state of residency. Although we try to limit the personal information collected in connection with a request to exercise any of the above rights, certain requests may require us to obtain additional personal information from you. In certain circumstances, we may decline a request to exercise a privacy right, particularly where we are unable to verify your identity or locate your information in our systems, or where you are not a resident of one of the eligible states.
Authorized Agents
In certain circumstances, you may designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf through the designated methods set forth above where we can verify the authorized agent’s authority to act on your behalf. In order to verify the authorized agent’s authority, we may require evidence of either (i) a valid power of attorney or (ii) a signed letter containing your name and contact information, the name and contact information of the authorized agent, and a statement of authorization for the request. Depending on the evidence provided and your state of residency, we may still need to separately reach out to you to confirm the authorized agent has permission to act on your behalf and to verify your identity in connection with the request.
Appealing Privacy Rights Decisions
Depending on your state of residency, you may be able to appeal a decision we have made in connection with your privacy rights request. All appeal requests should be submitted by emailing us at
support@go3Fun.co
with the subject line, “U.S. Privacy Request Appeal.”
If your appeal is denied:
you may contact the Colorado Attorney General to address your concerns
here
.
you may contact the Connecticut Attorney General to submit a complaint
here
.
you may contact the Virginia Attorney General to submit a complaint
here
.
California Residents
The following disclosures only apply to residents of the State of California.
Collection of Personal Information
. In the last 12 months, we may have collected the following categories of personal information:
Identifiers
, such as your phone number and email address;
Protected Classification Characteristics
, such as age, date of birth and gender.
Commercial information
, such as information about services you have subscribed to.
Biometric information
, if you asked us to validate your identity.
Internet / network information
, such as device information, log and analytics data.
Geolocation data
, such as information about your physical location collected from geolocation features on your device.
Sensory information
, such as pictures (including meta data to such pictures) and videos you upload to our Services.
Professional/employment information
, such as job title, department, employer or business.
Other personal information
, such as communication preferences, customer service and communication history, personal information you permit us to see when interacting with us through social media, personal information you provide us in relation to a question, request, inquiry, survey, contest or promotion, and messages you send through our Services or make available to us on social media.
Inferences
, such as information generated from your use of our Services.
For more information about our collection of personal information, the sources of personal information, and how we use this information, please see the "Information we collect and how we use it" section of Part 1 of the Privacy Notice.
Disclosure of Personal Information
. We may share and disclose personal information with third parties as described in the "How we share information" section in Part 1 of our Privacy Notice. In the previous 12 months, we may have disclosed all of the categories of personal information we process to third parties for a business purpose. The categories of third parties to whom we may disclose your personal information for a business purpose include: (i) 3Fun's affiliates entities and subsidiaries; (ii) business partners; (iii) analytics providers; and (iv) our service providers, contractors and advisors.
Purposes for Collection
. We collect personal information about you for the purposes described in the "Information we collect and how we use it" section of Part 1 of our Privacy Notice.
Privacy Rights of Minorsn
. Our Services are intended for individuals who are 18 years old or over. We do not sell the personal information and do not have actual knowledge that we sell the personal information of minors under 18 years of age.
Data Retentionn
. For information on our data retention practices, please see the “How long we retain information” section of Part 1 of our Privacy Notice.
Financial Incentivesn
. We currently offer an affiliate program, whereby individuals can sign up to become our affiliates and can use introduce people to 3Fun and our Services. The affiliate will receive referral payments, based on the referred user’s spend on VIP features. The affiliate program is subject always to our Affiliate Agreement and any payments under the affiliate program are calculated, and limited, as described in the Affiliate Agreement.
We also offer other various programs, promotions, and financial incentives that may result in differences in our prices or services offered to consumers. For example:
Discounts or other access to exclusive content, research, and insights for users who sign up to receive our marketing emails.
Discounts or other benefits in connection with a contest or sweepstakes or similar promotion.
Any personal information associated with the referred user, collected in connection with the affiliate program or other promotion, is processed in accordance with this Privacy Notice.
We have determined that the value of the affiliate program and other promotions or financial inventive programs is reasonably related to the value of the personal information we process in connection with each program (based on our reasonable but sole determination). We estimate the value of the personal information we receive and otherwise process in connection with our programs by considering the expense we incur in collecting and processing the personal information, as well as the expenses related to facilitating the programs.
Users may exercise their rights in relation to their personal information as outlined in this Privacy Notice, and as applicable, by submitting a ticket through your account or by emailing
support@go3Fun.co
.
Part 3
Additional information for users in the European Economic Area and the United Kingdom
1. Who is the controller of your personal information?
3Fun Limited will be the controller of the personal information that we collect about you. This means that we determine and are responsible for how that personal information is used.
3Fun Limited is a Seychelles company with its address at 306 Victoria House, Victoria, Mahe, Seychelles.
If you would like to contact us, you can email us at
support@go3Fun.co
.
You can also contact our EU representative by email at viedge@gdprav.com.
2. How we collect and use your personal information
Information you provide when you set up your account and profile on our services
We use the personal information we collect from you when you set up your account and profile on our services as follows:
Personal information we collect
How we use it
Lawful basis we rely on
Contact information,
including your email address or phone number. You can also add an email address and password to your account at a later date to facilitate account recovery.
If you use your email address or phone number to log in to our services, or if you later add an email to your account, we will use this information to authenticate you and grant you access to your account.
We will use this information to send you relevant service-related information, such as verification codes or updates to our Terms of Service.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
Your comments and feedback.
If you contact us to request support or provide feedback about our services, we will keep a record of the contents of those communications.
We use this information to respond to your support requests and feedback.
We use this information to identify and remedy errors in the services and ways in which the services can be improved (such as through the development of new features and functionalities).
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely identifying ways in which we can improve the services.
Basic profile information
, including your username,  profile picture and any additional pictures you upload to the service.(including meta data with respect to such pictures).
We use this information to create a public profile for you on our services.
We review your username and profile pictures (including through automated picture analysis technology) to remove any content that does not comply with the Objectional or Prohibited Content provisions of our Terms of Service.
We will conduct online searches against the profile pictures you upload to verify that the picture is one of you and not a stock image or an image of someone else downloaded from the internet.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely ensuring content standards on our services.
Verification photo.(including meta data with respect to such pictures).
If you upload a verification photo, we will use this to confirm your identity by comparing this photo to the other pictures you have uploaded to confirm that all of the images relate to the same person.
The scan may include the use of facial recognition technology so that we can compare the photo you submit to your profile photo and other photos you upload to your profile, to help ensure that you are who you say you are. We do not add the verification photos to your profile.
We will only process your personal information in this way if you give us your consent to do so.
Your date of birth
We use this information to calculate your age and display it in your public profile.
We use this information to verify that you are old enough to use our services in accordance with our
Terms of Service
.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
Your sex and gender
This information will be displayed in your public profile, and used to ensure that you only appear as a prospective match to other users that have selected that they are looking to meet someone of that sex and/or gender.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
Your bio.
We will give you the opportunity to introduce yourself and provide a short description about yourself and your interests.
This information will be displayed in your public profile, so that other users can find out more about you to decide if they want to match with you.
We review the description you upload to remove any content that does not comply with the Objectional or Prohibited Content provisions of our Terms of Service.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
Your private bio.
In addition to your public bio, you can also provide a more private description of yourself.
This information will be displayed in your profile, but will only be visible to users you have matched with through our services.
We review the description you upload to remove any content that does not comply with the Objectional or Prohibited Content provisions of our Terms of Service.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
Your sexual orientation.
We will use this information to ensure that users are recommended matches that algin with their sexuality, and display this information to other users in your public profile, so that other users can decide if they want to match with you.
We will only process your personal information in this way if you give us your consent to do so.
Your preferences
regarding the other users you would like to be matched with through our services (such as people of the same or opposite sex or gender, or same or different sex couples).
We will use this information to ensure that users are recommended matches that align with their preferences, and display this information to other users in your public profile so that other users know who you are looking to match with and decide if they want to match with you.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
Your contacts list on your device.
If you allow our services to access the contacts list on your device, you can select certain the individuals in your contact list that you do not want to be matched with through our services.
We will only process your personal information in this way if you give us your consent to do so.
Information about your partner
. If you access our services as a couple, we will ask you or your partner to provide the above information about your partner as well. Alternatively, you can link your partner's account to your profile.
We will use this information to match you and your partner with users seeking to meet couples, in accordance with your and other users' preferences.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
Information we collect if you subscribe to our VIP services
We offer a VIP subscription service to our services that allows you to access additional features and functionalities on our services. For more information, please see our
FAQs
.
Personal information we collect
How we use it
Lawful basis we rely on
Confirmation of your subscription.
You can sign up to VIP services through your Google or Apple app store account. When you do so, we will receive confirmation from Google or Apple that you have paid to subscribe as a VIP.
We use this information to give you access to the VIP features of our services, and to charge a recurring subscription to our VIP services to your Google or Apple app store account.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
VIP status.
We use this information to give you access to the VIP features of our services, and to charge a recurring subscription to our VIP services to your Google or Apple app store account.
If you have been referred to our services through our affiliate program, we attribute your purchase of VIP status to the relevant affiliate partner's referral in order to remunerate that partner in accordance with our affiliate program terms.
We use this information to measure the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns and identify ways in which we can improve our marketing strategy.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
We will only process your personal information in this way to the extent you give us your consent to do so.
We will only process your personal information in this way to the extent you give us your consent to do so.
Information we collect when you use our services
We will collect the following information about how you use our services in order to provide the features and functionalities of the services to you:
Personal information we collect
How we use it
Lawful basis we rely on
Users you have matched with.
When you and the other user both select to match with each other, we use this information to allow you to communicate with that other user, including sending messages, setting up voice calls, sharing private pictures and other content. We will also display profile updates from users you have matched with in the "Activity" section of your profile.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
Users you have viewed and passed.
If you view another user's profile but do not select to match with that user, we will store and display that user's profile to you in the "Passed" section of your profile so that you can review it again and change your mind.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
Users you have liked.
We will display to you the profiles of the users you have liked in the "You like" section of your profile, and notify those users that you have liked them so they can decide if they want to be matched with you.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
Users who have liked your profile.
We will display to you the profiles of the users who have viewed and liked your profile, so that you can decide if you want to be matched with them.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
Chats and video calls with other users.
We use this information to provide the chat and video call functionalities of our services to you.
We review the content of any messages you send to other users to monitor compliance with our content standards in the Objectional or Prohibited Content provisions of our Terms of Service.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
When you last logged in
We will display this information to VIP users in your public profile, to help them understand if you are active on our services.
We use this information to identify inactive users on our services, so that we can remove accounts that have been inactive for 2 years or more.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
Information we collect from others
We also collect certain information about you from others when you use our services, if you communicate with us through social media or use your social media account to log in to our services. We collect the following information in this way:
Personal information we collect
How we use it
Lawful basis we rely on
Information other users upload to our services about you,
such as comments and opinions that other users provide to us about you, or if another user adds you to their profile as their partner.
If other users provide us with information about you in the ordinary course of using our services, we will use that information to provide the relevant features and functionalities of the services (such as chat functionalities or linking partner accounts).
If we receive complaints about you from other users, we will use that information to investigate whether you have breached our Terms of Service and take appropriate action to enforce our Terms of Service.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
Social media login.
If you choose to log in to our services through your social media account (such as Facebook Login), we will receive confirmation from the social media network that they have authenticated you, a unique ID associated with your account, together with your email address and, depending on your settings, your name.
We use this information to create your account on our services, authenticate you and give you access to your account on our services.
We use this information to send you relevant service-related information.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
Our affiliate partners.
If you have been referred to our services by one of our affiliate partners as part of our affiliate program, we will identify the website or partner that referred you.
We use this information attribute the creation of your account to the relevant affiliate partner's referral in order to remunerate that partner in accordance with our affiliate program terms. We also use this information to measure the effectiveness of our affiliate program.
We will only process your personal information in this way to the extent you have given us your consent to do so.
If you interact with our services through social media networks, such as if you "like" us on Facebook or follow us or share our content on Google, Facebook, Twitter or other social networks, we may receive some information about you that you permit the social network to share with third parties. The data we receive is dependent upon your privacy settings with the social network, and may include your gender, age range, country, and any other information you permit the social network to share with third parties]. You should always review and, if necessary, adjust your privacy settings on third-party websites and social media networks and services before sharing information and/or linking or connecting them to other services.
We use this information to measure the performance of our social media strategy, as well as to communicate directly with you. The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely informing and implementing our social media strategy.
Information we collect automatically from your device
We also collect the following personal information about you and about how you access our services and the device you use to do so:
Personal information we collect
How we use it
Lawful basis we rely on
Usage Information.
We collect information about your activity on our services, for instance how you use them (e.g., date and time you logged in, features you’ve been using, searches, clicks and pages which have been shown to you, referring webpage address), how you came to use the services (e.g. app install date, app install ID) and how you interact with other users (e.g., users you connect and interact with, time and date of your exchanges, number of messages you send and receive).
We use this information to provide you with access to the services on your device.
We use this information to identify fraudulent or malicious use of our services.
We use this information to analyse the performance of our services to identify errors and ways in which we can improve our services.
We use this information to measure the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns and identify ways in which we can improve our marketing strategy.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely detecting and preventing fraud.
We will only process your personal information in this way to the extent you give us your consent to do so.
We will only process your personal information in this way to the extent you give us your consent to do so.
Device information.
We collect information from and about the device(s) you use to access our services, including:
hardware and software information
such as IP address, device ID and type, device-specific and apps settings and characteristics, app crashes, browser type, version and language, operating system, time zones, identifiers associated with cookies or other technologies that may uniquely identify your device or browser (e.g., Google ID), device battery level and available memory, mobile carrier;
information on your wireless and mobile network connection,
like your service provider and signal strength.
We use this information to provide you with access to the services on your device.
We use this information to identify fraudulent or malicious use of our services.
We use this information to analyse the performance of our services to identify errors and ways in which we can improve our services.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely detecting and preventing fraud.
We will only process your personal information in this way to the extent you give us your consent to do so.
Your location
We will ask you to allow us to access your device's location.  We use this information as follows:
Personal information we collect
How we use it
Lawful basis we rely on
Information about the country and city you are in, and your device's longitude and latitude.
We use this information to find potential matches based on their distance from you, and match you with users based on your distance from them.
We use this information to identify suspicious activity and to detect and prevent fraudulent or malicious use of our services.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely detecting and preventing fraud.
Business representatives
We also collect the following personal information about representatives of third-party businesses, including representatives of our affiliates, in connection with our services and the operation of our business:
Personal information we collect
How we use it
Lawful basis we rely on
Contact information
, including full name, email address, mailing address and telephone number
We use this information to communicate with our affiliates and other businesses that provide services to us or that we collaborate with.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely communicating with businesses with which we have contractual relationships.
Professional information,
including job title, job function, company name and characteristics, professional background and the nature of the relationship with us.
We use this information to inform how we communicate with our affiliates and other businesses that provide services to us or that we collaborate with, such as identifying suitable individuals at these companies to receive particular communications.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely administering our relationships with other businesses
The content of communications
between us and the relevant representative, including enquiries, feedback, comments and complaints.
We use this information to communicate and manage our relationship with our affiliates and other businesses that provide services to us or that we collaborate with. We also use this information to inform how we can improve our internal processes.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely administering our relationships with other businesses and informing how we can improve our internal processes.
Payment information.
If you are a sole proprietor or act in a personal capacity, we will also collect your tax or VAT numbers, bank account information and payment information.
If you are a sole proprietor or act in a personal capacity, we use this information to process payments under our agreement with you.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you.
Contract information.
If you are a sole proprietor or act in a personal capacity, we will collect information about our agreement with you (such as the terms of that agreement, start date and expiry date).
If you are a sole proprietor or act in a personal capacity, we use this information to administer our contractual relationship with you.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you.
Stories
As part of our services, we offer a feature that allows you to share your stories about your use of the services, the people you have met and the relationships you have made (the "Stories Feature"). If you submit a story through the Stories Feature, we will collect the following personal information:
Personal information we collect
How we use it
Lawful basis we rely on
Your story content
, including any text and images that you provide when you submit your story through the Stories Feature.
We use this information to promote us and our services in online and printed publications, presentations, promotional materials, online advertising, our website, social media and other media we use to promote us and our services.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely promoting us and our services.
To the extent the story content contains any sensitive or special category data, such as information about your sexual orientation, the additional condition we rely on is that this information has been manifestly made public by you.
Your contact details
,such as your email address.
We use this information to manage our relationship with you, such as contacting you about your story.
We use this information to verify the authenticity of the story submitted using the Stories Feature, including confirming that you have an account on our services and that you have verified your identity.
If you were featured in a story submitted by another user, we will collect your contact details and use them to contact you to obtain your agreement to the publication of the content of the story and any associated images.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely managing our relationship with you.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely verifying the authenticity of the stories submitted through the Stories Feature.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely protecting the safety of our users.
Your location:
Information about the country and city you are in, and your device's longitude and latitude.
We use this information to identify what country, province and/or city you are in when we publish your story content.
We will only process your personal information in this way to the extent you give us your consent to do so.
3. Cookies and similar technologies
We use cookies and similar technologies, such as mobile SDKs, to provide certain functionalities on our services as well as to monitor and improve our services in general.
For more information about the cookies and similar technologies we use, as well as how to control your preferences in relation to those cookies and similar technologies, please see our Cookie Notice.
4. How long we keep your personal information
Unless a longer period is required under applicable law, we will keep your personal information for the following periods:
Personal information
How long we keep it for
When we might keep it for longer
Your account and profile information (including pictures, your bio and any other content you upload to your profile)
While your account is active, and for 1 month after you delete your account (or 3 months if you’re a VIP user).
We will delete accounts that have been inactive for a continuous period of 2 years.
If we need to investigate an outstanding issue, claim or dispute, we will keep the personal information we need to conduct that investigation, or to enforce our defend our rights.
If we have banned you from our services, we will retain the personal information required to identify the banned user and the reason they were banned for 6 years.
Location
We will only collect your live location when you use our services and will not store a record of your location over time. If you leave the app and live location is disabled when you are not using the app, we will record your last known location until you next visit the app and share an updated live location.
Usage and device information
We will keep this information for 3 months after collection for statistical analysis.
Information about professional contacts at affiliates and other businesses that we work with
We will keep this information for the duration of our agreement with the relevant affiliate or other business, and for 6 months thereafter.
If we need to investigate an outstanding issue, claim or dispute, we will keep the personal information we need to conduct that investigation, or to enforce or defend our rights.
5. Recipients of personal information
As required in accordance with how we use your personal information, we may share your personal information as follows:
Recipient
Why we share it
Lawful basis we rely on
Other users of our services
Our services are designed to allow people to connect with each other, and to facilitate the sharing of information and content.
Unless you enable certain privacy features available as part of our VIP subscription, your public profile will be visible to other users of the services.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and us, namely our
Terms of Service
.
Our group companies.
We may share your personal information with other companies owned or controlled by 3Fun, and other companies owned by or under common ownership with 3Fun.
Our group companies may share centralised services, such as IT, data hosting or customer support, as well as various administrative functions.
We may share your personal information with our group companies in order to take advantage of these centralised services and coordinate our group-wide product offering and strategic planning.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely coordinating group-wide services and administration.
With our service providers and partners.
We may share your personal information with companies that provide technical services to us, such as data hosting, maintenance, analytics, customer care and security.
These recipients will use your personal information as processors on our instructions. They may also aggregate and anonymise personal information they receive for their own product development and improvement.
Social media.
When we interact with you through a social media app, that social media app will receive and process the personal information contained in such communications.
Social media apps will use the personal information they collect in accordance with their privacy notices.
The lawful basis we rely on for transferring this personal information is that the processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely communicating with you and other users through social media, and promoting our services.
Purchasers and third parties in connection with a business transaction.
Your personal information may be disclosed to third parties in connection with a transaction, such as a merger, sale of assets or shares, reorganisation, financing, change of control or acquisition of all or a portion of our business. These recipients will use your personal information to assess the potential transaction with us, and otherwise only as disclosed in this Privacy Notice.
The lawful basis we rely on for transferring this personal information is that the processing is necessary for our and the third party's legitimate interests, namely assessing and executing a potential transaction with us.
Law enforcement, regulators and other parties for legal reasons.
We may share your personal information with third parties as required by law or if we reasonably believe that such action is necessary to (i) comply with the law and the reasonable requests of law enforcement; (ii) detect and investigate illegal activities and breaches of agreements; and/or (iii) exercise or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of 3Fun, its users or others.
                    These recipients will use your personal information in the performance of their regulatory or law enforcement role, or to advise us in connection with a potential claim or regulatory enforcement action.
The lawful basis we rely on for sharing personal information with these recipients is that the processing is either necessary to comply with a legal obligation to which we are subject or is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely enforcing our rights or complying with requests from regulatory authorities.
6. International transfers of your personal information
We use service providers in the USA to process personal information. We may also share personal information with companies that have the same ownership as us in China as described above.
These international transfers of your personal information will be made pursuant to appropriate safeguards in accordance with applicable law:
Where we may transfer your personal information
Safeguards that apply to that transfer
United States
The transfers are made:
to organisations that participate in the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework and (where applicable) the UK extension to the Data Privacy Framework; or
in accordance with agreements that incorporate standard contractual clauses issued by the European Commission and, where applicable, the approved addendum to those standard contractual clauses issued under the UK Data Protection Act 2018.
China
The transfers are made in accordance with agreements that incorporate standard contractual clauses issued by the European Commission and, where applicable, the approved addendum to those standard contractual clauses issued under the UK Data Protection Act 2018.
Canada
The laws in this jurisdiction are deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data by the European Commission and (where applicable) under the UK Data Protection Act 2018.
Israel
The laws in this jurisdiction are deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data by the European Commission and (where applicable) under the UK Data Protection Act 2018.
We will also continually monitor the circumstances surrounding such transfers in order to ensure that these maintain, in practice, a level of protection that is essentially equivalent to the one guaranteed by the UK GDPR and EU GDPR.
If you wish to enquire further about the safeguards we use, including obtaining a copy of any Standard Contractual Clauses we have in place with recipients outside the EEA or UK, please contact us using the details in section 1 (Who is the controller of your personal information?) of this Part 3 of this Privacy Notice.
7. Your rights
In accordance with applicable privacy law you may have the following rights in respect of your personal information that we hold:
Right of access.
The right to obtain:
confirmation of whether, and where, we are processing your personal information;
information about the categories of personal information we are processing, the purposes for which we process your personal information and information as to how we determine applicable retention periods;
information about the categories of recipients with whom we may share your personal information; and
a copy of the personal information we hold about you.
Right of portability.
The right, in certain circumstances, to receive a copy of the personal information you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format that supports re-use, or to request the transfer of your personal data to another person.
Right to rectification.
The right to obtain rectification of any inaccurate or incomplete personal information we hold about you without undue delay.
Right to erasure.
The right, in some circumstances, to require us to erase your personal information without undue delay if the continued processing of that personal information is not justified.
Right to restriction.
The right, in some circumstances, to require us to limit the purposes for which we process your personal information if the continued processing of the personal information in this way is not justified, such as where the accuracy of the personal information is contested by you.
Right to withdraw consent.
If you have given us your consent to process your personal information in a particular way, you have the right to withdraw that consent. Withdrawing consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing of your personal information prior to that withdrawal. You can change your consent preferences at any time by going to the "Settings" section in the app.
You have the right to object to any processing based on our legitimate interests where there are grounds relating to your particular situation. There may be compelling reasons for continuing to process your personal information, and we will assess and inform you if that is the case.
If you are located in France, in addition to the rights set out above, you have the right to provide instructions regarding the retention, deletion and disclosure of your personal information after your death. In the absence of instructions from you, your successors may request the disclosure or deletion of your personal information by contacting us using the contact details set out in section 1 (Who is the controller of your personal information?) of this Part 3 of this Privacy Notice.
If you wish to exercise one of these rights, please contact us using the details set out in section 1 (Who is the controller of your personal information?) of this Part 3 of this Privacy Notice.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with your supervisory authority. If you are in the EEA, to find out how to contact your local regulator, please visit
https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/about-edpb/members_en
. If you reside in the UK, please visit
https://ico.org.uk/make-a-complaint/
for more information about how to contact the Information Commissioner's Office.
Your privacy settings
3 Fun, would like to use cookies (also from third-party providers), among other things, for analysis and
                advertising purposes. Please select the extent to which you agree to the use of cookies [on our website/
                in our app]. Further information can be found in our
privacy notice
and
our cookie notice
Depending on your preferences, we may use cookies and other tracking technologies to improve your user
                experience by collecting statistics, optimizing features, providing relevant content and tailoring
                advertising to your interests. Please note that some of the providers we use process their data in
                countries outside the EEA, such as the USA or China. The level of data protection there may not be the
                same as in the EEA and there may be access to the data by state authorities against which you have no
                extensive legal remedies.
Cookies that are necessary for the functioning of the website (strictly necessary cookies or functional
                cookies) do not require your consent.
If you click on the "Agree to all cookies" button, you agree to the use of all cookies requiring consent
                and to the transfer of data to countries outside the EEA. However, you can also set your cookie
                preferences individually under "Customize cookies".
You can revoke your consent at any time with effect for the future by accessing the cookie preference
                center via the link at the end of our website and adjusting the settings to your preferences.
Agree to all Cookies
Customize Cookies
Reject Cookies
Your privacy settings
Individually give your consent to cookies. By selecting and clicking on "safe preferences", you consent to
            the use of not strictly necessary cookies as described on the
first layer
of this cookie banner.
Strictly necessary Cookies
are cookies that are required for the website to function. These do not require your consent.
4 selected
Name of the cookies
Purposes
Categories of personal data
Storage duration
recipient
Name of the cookies
Purposes
Categories of personal data
Storage duration
recipient
Non-functional Cookies.
These cookies are not functionally necessary for the operation of our website. We differentiate between:
Analytical/Performance Cookies
Purposes
Name of the cookies
Purposes
Categories of personal data
Storage duration
recipient
Name of the cookies
Purposes
Categories of personal data
Storage duration
recipient
Functionality Cookies
Name of the cookies
Name of the cookies
Purposes
Categories of personal data
Storage duration
recipient
Name of the cookies
Purposes
Categories of personal data
Storage duration
recipient
Marketing or Targeting Cookies
Name of the cookies
Name of the cookies
Purposes
Categories of personal data
Storage duration
recipient
Name of the cookies
Purposes
Categories of personal data
Storage duration
recipient
Safe Preferences
Cancel