Home
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
Grupo Xcaret
If you are reading this, it means that you are a responsible user who takes care of your personal data.
In this privacy notice we will explain to you why we request your information, under what circumstances and how we take care of it.
About the responsible one
The first obligation we have with you is to inform you of the identity of the person responsible for this site:
Commercial name
: Experiencias Xcaret Web S.A.P.I de C.V. (hereinafter Grupo Xcaret).
Commercial address
: Tulum Avenue, Number 290 Manzana 3, Lote 2, Colonia SM 8, Cancún, Benito Juarez, Quintana Roo, C.P. 77500.
Our activity
:We are a business group that has cultural, natural, ecological, adventure parks with unique hotels, which offers our visitors and guests different ecological, cultural, and fun experiences.
Responsible one for the protection of your data
: The Department of Information Protection is responsible for ensuring the security of your information.
Email of the responsible one
: privacidad@xcaret.com
In addition to the above it is important that you know that this privacy notice is part of the following sites:
http://www.xcaret.com
http://www.xelha.com
http://www.xplor.travel
http://www.xichen.com.mx
http://www.xenotes.com
http://www.xoximilco.com
http://www.xensespark.com
https://www.xavage.com
http://www.bodasxcaret.com
http://www.xcaretsalesnetwork.com
https://www.aolxcaret.com
http://www.loyaltyreps.com
http://www.xcaretgrupos.com
http://www.cancunvisitor.com
https://www.xailing.com
http://www.hotelxcaret.com
https://www.hotelxcaretarte.com
https://www.hotelxcaretmexico.com
http://www.lacasadelaplaya.com
https://www.xcaret.photos
https://www.xcaretyachts.com
https://www.grupoxcaret.com
https://yalkupark.com
https://www.festivaldevidaymuerte.com
https://www.soyxcaret.com
https://www.tulumtour.travel
https://www.cobatour.travel
https://www.xcaretexpeditions.com
https://talentohumano.grupoxcaret.com
App Xcaret!
App Hoteles Xcaret
App Ferry Xcaret
Digital Kiosk and Kiosks in the Squares.
Billing
The information that we request and when we request it
Now, we will describe the different situations where your data may be required in this site:
When you ask us something through chat, we will ask you for your email and your name.
When you want to subscribe to receive promotions, we will ask for your name, surnames, email, and country of origin.
When you quote to buy any of our products, services, or activities with us, we will ask for your email.
When you make a purchase and have an account with us, we will request your email and password.
When you make a purchase and do not have an account with us, we will ask for your name, surname, email address, phone number, state, country of origin and hotel where you are staying, and we will ask for your bank details and address to make the purchase. If you want to have an account, just add a password.
When you request details for Groups and Conventions, we will ask for your name, surnames, phone number, email, and country of origin.
When you request details for your wedding, we will request your name, surnames, phone number, email, country of origin, state, and city.
When you have any questions or suggestions through our Contact Us, we will ask for your name, phone number and email address.
When you sign a Consent Form for any of the extraordinary activities we offer in our parks.
When you share your opinion about the experience, we will request for your name and email.
When you require the invoice of your visit, we will require for your tax information, address, and email.
When you use one of our Apps, we will send you notifications via WhatsApp or through the app itself.
When you visit us frequently, and with the details of your visits, you will be part of our loyalty program with your name and your visit record.
When you sign up for our Rewards program with your name and email.
When you sign up for our Rewards program with your name and email.
Very important!
We will never request sensitive personal data on any of our sites.
We will not ask for your username and password by phone or email.
We will never ask for credit or debit card details unless you are making a purchase.
Purposes of the data processing
Another of our responsibilities is to explain to you how we use, store, and process your personal data:
When you connect to this site, to make a consult by chat, to subscribe, to quote, to buy or to request information, you are providing us with personal information,
and you are giving your consent
for your information to be collected, used, managed, and stored by us, just as it is described in this privacy notice.
The purposes depend on the form where you have entered your personal data and are the following:
Chat and Quotations Forms, Groups and Conventions Request Form and Wedding Details Form
Provide you through some means of contact the information you have requested.
Subscription Form
To send you promotional communications related to any product or service available on our sites. In each newsletter and marketing email that is sent to you, a link must be included to automatically unsubscribe your email.
Purchase Form with or without user account
To perfect, carry out and control the correct fulfillment of the contract and comply with the legal obligations of Grupo Xcaret.
Contact Us Form
To respond to requests, suggestions, or questions through our Customer Service Department.
Extraordinary Activities Consent Form
To grant you the service of our extraordinary activities within our parks.
Xcaret! App / Hoteles Xcaret App
We will send you notifications, you can turn them off at any time.
Loyalty Program
We will use your name and email address to let us know before your visit, if you are celebrating any special occasions, as well as to be able to recognize your loyalty on the day of your visit.
Rewards Program
When you sign up for the program, we will use your details to be able to provide you with benefits and that they are associated with your account, as well as incentives for being a registered customer.
In addition to the previous ones, there are other purposes:
To provide the services and products that you have purchased.
To conduct internal studies on demographic and statistical data.
To know the interests of our users.
To support and improve the services offered by our sites, in such a way that we can provide you with a more satisfactory experience.
To inform our users about new products or services that are related to the contracted ones.
To evaluate the quality of the service.
To inform about changes to our products or services and provide a better service to the user.
Other non-identifying data obtained through some cookies that are downloaded to your computer when you browse our sites and that we detail in the cookies policy are also collected.
The above data processing is subject to your consent, we will
NEVER
use your data for anything else and will
NEVER
sell your information.
What are cookies and how are they used?
Cookies are text files that are automatically downloaded and stored in the computer's hard drive while navigating in a specific web page, allowing the Web server to recall some facts about the user, including preferences for the display of pages on that server, username and password. In some sections of our site, we require that the client have cookies enabled since the functionality requires them to work correctly.
Push Notifications
When entering our website will be offered the possibility of accepting or denying the display of push notifications, with the sole purpose of sharing information about promotions and offers of our products, these can be displayed on both desktop and mobile devices. Notifications can work even if your browser is closed as system notifications.
These can always be turn off when you decide it, from the options of your browser in the notifications section.
Limitation on use and disclosure
The information provided by the user is secured by a personal identification number that only the user can access and of which only the user is aware. We recommend that you do not share or reveal your password to anyone. On this issue, the Grupo Xcaret team has focused its efforts to offer the most modern and up-to-date technology to offer you the greatest possible security. You can stop receiving promotional messages by landline or cell phone, stop receiving emails or advertising through postal mail, by requesting their cancellation through the email: privacidad@xcaret.com.
If you participate in the e-mail promotions service, you may at any time deactivate the service (Opt-out) in relation to the promotional communications via e-mail, we will inform you in each of them, how to unsubscribe in a simple way and at no cost. If you have an account on our websites, you can change how we communicate with you at any time through the notification center, and you can unsubscribe at any time from your subscriptions and preferences.
The rights you have when you provide us with your data
To request the access to your personal data.
To request a correction.
To request the cancellation.
To request the limitation of treatment (use and disclosure).
To oppose to the data processing, we are giving.
The portability of your data.
Revocation of consent to the processing of data.
The exercise of these rights is personal, which means that the interested party must request it from the person responsible for the protection of their data, that is, the
Department of Information Protection.
To exercise any right of the above, you can download and fill the following
form
and send it along with the copy of your identification, through:
Email of the responsible person
: privacidad@xcaret.com
Business hours
: From Monday to Friday from 9:00 a.m. to 7 p.m.
We will assist you quickly, within a period no longer than 15 business days. We advise you to keep your data updated so that we can provide a more personalized service.
Data retention period
We will keep your information until you ask us to delete it.
Data transfer
It is important to let you know that, for marketing purposes, we share your information with our affiliate companies: Experiencias Xcaret Loyalty S.A.P.I de C.V., Experiencias Xcaret Hoteles, S.A.P.I de C.V, Travel Nature Experiences S.A.P.I de C.V, to offer you the best offers on our Hotels and Holiday Club in case you have subscribed with us to receive this information.
We also send information to comply with the uses and comply with the obligations contracted with you, our customers.
The protection of your information
We have implemented security measures to take care of your data:
Use of SSL (Secure Socket Layer) certificates on our sites.
Security procedures with our staff.
Limitation of access to the databases where the data is stored.
Implementation of best practices on servers to keep your information safe.
Implementation of controls to comply with the
LFPDPPP
and the
RGPD
Use of images and sounds collected through our internal video surveillance systems
We are concerned for the safety of our visitors, guests, and collaborators, as well for our administrative facilities, hotels, and parks, it's necessary to communicate that we have internal systems and video recording circuits, which can capture images and, in some cases, sounds which are consider as personal data, which will be treated and protected in the terms provided in this privacy notice.
Laws that are incorporated in this privacy notice
The
LFPDPPP
(Regulation of the Federal Law on Protection of Personal Data Held by Private Individuals)
which is the law that is responsible for protecting personal data in Mexico.
The
GDPR
(Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of April 27th, on the protection of natural persons)
which is the new regulation of the European Union regarding the regulation of processing the personal data.
Authority
If you believe that your rights have been violated regarding the protection of personal data, you have the right to go to the appropriate authority to defend its exercise. The authority is the National Institute of Transparence, Access to Information and Personal Data Protection (INAI), through their website: www.inai.org.mx/
Acceptance of terms
When you provide us with your information and check the consent box, it means that you agree to have your information processed in the terms.
Changes in our privacy notice
We recommend that you check this PRIVACY NOTICE periodically, since we make updates and changes to adapt it to the laws that apply in terms of the protection of personal data and internal policies.
If you enter your personal data in any of our purchase forms and by checking the acceptance checkbox and web notifications, you will be notified about the update.
In case of entering your personal data in any of our purchase forms check the acceptance checkbox, you will be notified about the update.
Last updated on 11/12/2023 (December 11, 2023).