Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Argenta Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
Pursuant to Legislative Decree 196/2003, as amended by Legislative Decree 101/2018, and to art. 13 of the EU Regulation n. 679/2016 (
«
GDPR
»
).
CO-CONTROLLERS OF THE TREATMENT
MatiPay S.r.l.
Via San Sabino n. 21
Mola di Bari, 70042 Italia
+39 080 53 21 796
info@sitael.com
Gruppo Argenta S.p.A.
Registered office:
Via M. Fanti n.2
Reggio Emilia, 42124 Italia
Operational headquarters:
Via Milano n. 8/11
Peschiera Borromeo, 20068 Italia
RESPONSIBLE FOR DATA PROTECTION «DPO»
dpo@matipay.com
+39 080 53 21 796
Via San Sabino, 21
SERVICE OFFERED BY THE ARGENTA APPLICATION
By registering on the Argenta Application (hereinafter also the "Application"), the user will be able to use the services offered by the Application, including the possibility of conveniently purchasing from their
smartphone
the products present in the vending machines equipped with the hardware necessary for the operation of the Application, installed at Gruppo Argenta customers, by opening a “virtual wallet” that the user can recharge in different ways.
PERSONAL DATA PROCESSED
Please note that this Privacy Policy together with the Terms and Conditions document - establishes the basis on which personal data and other information provided by users while using the Application will be processed. As part of the provision of the services offered, the Joint Controllers collect and process the following types of data:
Data provided by the user during the registration process and through the use of the Application
The user may provide personally identifiable information ("personal data") to the Joint Controllers as they are necessary to complete the registration to the Application and to use the services offered by the same. We inform you that, if the user completes the registration to the Application through their social network (eg Facebook), the Joint Controllers will automatically collect, where available, the social network ID, name, surname, age, gender and city of origin of the user.
We also point out that, if the user uses a device with an Android operating system, in order for the Application to work, it is necessary to activate the localization within its own operating system. In any case, we would like to point out that the Joint Controllers will not process personal data relating to the user's location.
Among the services offered, there is also that of sending / receiving micro-credits to / from your contacts who are already users of the Application, by entering the telephone number of the user to whom you intend to transfer a micro-credit.
Automatically Collected Data
The computer systems and procedures used to operate the Application acquire, during their normal operation, some personal data in accordance with the applicable laws. This data includes information relating to login data, the operating system, the model of the device used and the software in use.
PRIVACY OF MINORS OF 16 YEARS
We inform you that the Data Controller does not consciously collect or request information from users under the age of 16, nor do they allow such users to register to use the services offered. In fact, the services and related contents are not aimed at users under the age of 16. By accessing the Application and using the services offered by it, the user declares to be over the age of 16. If the Data Controller realizes that they have collected personal information belonging to a user under the age of 16, they will delete this information as soon as possible. Furthermore, in the event that a user believes that the Data Controller is in possession of information belonging to a user under the age of 16, please contact the DPO at the above email address.
PURPOSE OF THE TREATMENT
Use of the services offered to registered users
The data collected directly by the user is used in order to provide services such as the creation of a personal profile, the acquisition of products through the Argenta Group's
vending machines
and the sending / receiving of micro- credits to / from their contacts who are already users of the Application.
Legal basis of the processing
The treatments put in place for this purpose are based on the execution of a contract to which the user is a party, with the exception of the uploading of the user's photo during the creation of the profile for which the treatment is based on the consent provided. by the user.
The data will be kept until the user requests the deletion of your profile or for 24 months from the date of the user's last interaction with the Application..
Fraud Prevention (only Android users)
The IMEI identifier of the mobile phone of users who use Android as an operating system is used in order to prevent fraud.
Legal basis of the processing
The treatments put in place for this purpose are based on the legitimate interest of the Data Controller for the prevention of fraud.
Data retention period
The data will be kept until the user requests the deletion of your profile or for 24 months from the date of the user's last interaction with the Application.
Sending of commercial and informative communications
The data provided directly by the user is used in order to send commercial communications, promotions and advertising messages.
Legal basis of the processing
The treatments put in place for this purpose are carried out with the specific consent provided by the user.
Data retention period
Until the revocation, by the user, of the consent given for sending commercial communications
Profiling activity
The data provided by the user are used for the analysis of his consumption choices and purchasing habits through the detection of the type and frequency of the operations carried out and, if indicated, of the areas of interest optionally requested and selected by the user in the form. registration, for the purpose of sending information and / or advertising material of specific interest to the user as well as surveys of your degree of satisfaction with the services offered.
Legal basis of the processing
The treatments put in place for this purpose are carried out with the specific consent provided by the user.
Data retention period
The data relating to the location, device and software used by the user will be kept until the account is canceled for 24 months from the date of the user's last interaction with the Application.
NOTE RELATING TO DATA STORAGE
Once the aforementioned terms have expired, the user's personal data will be permanently deleted or in any case irreversibly made anonymous. When the Data Controller will no longer need to use the user's personal data to comply with contractual or legal obligations, it will remove them from the systems and registers and / or will take appropriate measures to make such data anonymous so that the user can no longer be identified through them. If it is necessary to keep the user's personal data in order to ensure compliance with legal or regulatory obligations to which the Data Controller is subject, such data will have mandatory retention periods that may derive from current legislation.
NATURE OF DATA PROVISION
User registration
We inform you that failure to provide mandatory data in order to complete the registration will make it impossible to access the services offered.
Some of the data requested during the registration process is optional and can be provided or changed at a later time. The optional data are the following:
Name;
Surname;
Email address;
Sex;
City of origin;
Profile Image;
Phone number.
Marketing and "profiling" activities
The provision of data for profiling and marketing purposes is optional. However, failure to provide such data may make it impossible for the Owner to be able to send the user more targeted information and offers that may be of greater satisfaction and interest to the user.
RECIPIENTS OF THE DATA
We inform you that your data may be made accessible for the aforementioned purposes to:
employees and collaborators of the Joint Controllers, expressly trained and authorized to process;
Selecta AG, parent company of the Argenta Group based in Switzerland, as Data Processor, in order to allow it to provide assistance to the companies belonging to the Group with reference to the information systems necessary for the management and analysis of relations with customers and related interactions with them, as well as more generally in terms of IT support.
service providers who carry out
outsourcing
activities on behalf of the Joint Controllers (e.g. administrative and / or accounting support at the IT level, assistance in creating accounts for cashless payment services or IT level support in theme of hosting and software maintenance, etc.), as Data Processors, within the limits of the purposes indicated in this statement;
government authorities, courts of law, external consultants and similar third parties if required or permitted under applicable law.
The list of data processors can be requested through a specific request to the DPO.
METHOD OF TREATMENT
The processing of personal data provided by the user is carried out by means of the operations indicated in art. 4, no. 2) of the GDPR, by personnel expressly authorized to process and appropriately trained in order to guarantee the confidentiality of the data processed and to avoid the loss, destruction, unauthorized access or unauthorized processing of the same data, as well as by the units to which they belong, as far as of their competence.
The data provided will be collected using suitable electronic and / or paper tools, with logic strictly related to the purposes themselves and, in any case, capable of guaranteeing the security, secrecy and confidentiality of the same.
TRANSFER OF DATA
The specified
ut supra
data are stored on servers located within the European Union. The companies to which the personal data of the users are transmitted are the following:
Selecta AG - parent company of the Argenta Group based in Switzerland - guarantees an adequate level of data protection pursuant to art. 45 (1) of the GDPR.
We guarantee that the transfer of data outside the EU takes place in compliance with the applicable legal provisions. If you wish to obtain further details on the security measures put in place to protect the personal data you have provided, please contact the DPO at the above email address.
USER RIGHTS
In the spirit of absolute transparency and fairness with which MatiPay S.r.l. intends to manage the matter, we assure you of our complete availability for any necessary clarification and our collaboration for the appropriate obligations.
We inform you that the Regulation gives users the possibility to exercise specific rights.
As the data subject, you have the right to obtain from the Data Controller confirmation as to whether or not personal data concerning you are being processed. In this case, pursuant to art. 15 of the GDPR, you will have the right to obtain access to your personal data and to verify the purposes and methods of processing. You can also exercise your rights to update, rectify, integrate, oppose, limit, and, where possible, the cancellation of your personal data.
Pursuant to art. 7 of the GDPR, the interested party has the right to withdraw any consent given at any time. We inform you that this revocation will not affect the lawfulness of the processing prior to the withdrawal of consent.
To exercise these rights, the user can access the "settings" section within the Application or contact the Data Protection Officer at the email address dpo@matipay.com.
Interested parties who believe that the processing of personal data referred to them occurs in violation of the provisions of the GDPR have the right to lodge a complaint with the Guarantor, as provided for by art. 77 of the Regulation itself or to take the appropriate judicial offices
ex
art. 79 of the GDPR.
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
The possible entry into force of new sector regulations, as well as the constant updating of user services, may result in the need to change the methods and terms described in this policy. We therefore invite you to periodically consult this page.
Why MatiPay
Telemetry
Monitor and manage your fleet on remote.
Marketing
Increase the value and loyalty of your customers.
Payments
The best payment experience in the automated retail market.
Payment Services
Improve the quality of services offered to your customers
Products
Meta
Payments via app, NFC cards, NFC devices and company badges with all the advantages of the MatiPay telemetry and marketing systems.
Meta-CC
Payments via credit and debit cards, app, NFC cards, NFC devices and company badges with all the advantages of the MatiPay telemetry and marketing systems.
Motus
Payments with mobile app, with all the advantages of the MatiPay telemetry and marketing systems.
Smart Fridge
Offer products and dishes of any size, accessible by consumers in total autonomy and at any time
Plans and Prices
Request a demo
Close Menu
How we calculate the prices
1
Module Cost
The price of the single modules depends on the purchased volume.
2
Connected Machine
“Connected machine” means that you pay a monthly license to connect your machines to the MatiPay management platform.
Close
×
Notice
We and selected third parties use cookies or similar technologies for technical purposes and, with your consent, for
functionality, experience and measurement
as specified in the
cookie policy
.
You can freely give, deny, or withdraw your consent at any time by accessing the preferences panel.  Denying consent may make related features unavailable.
Use the “Accept” button to consent. Use the “Reject” button to continue without accepting.
Press again to continue 0/2
Learn more and customize
Reject
Accept