Menu
Home
About Us
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Code of Conduct
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: November 7th, 2023
Introduction
When you use and/or play Games at Spin Vegas Slots online games you shall be asked to 
    provide personal identifiable information (“Personal Information”) to 
    Design Works Studios, LLC.
We are committed to respecting your privacy and protecting your Personal Information. We have created this Privacy Policy to help you understand how we collect, use and safeguard your Personal Information for the purpose of offering you Gaming services. If you do not understand the Privacy Policy, or how we handle or use the Personal Information which you provide to us, then you are invited to send in your questions to
support@spinvegascasino.com
and we will do our best to answer your questions in full as quickly as possible.
Design Works Studios complies with all applicable data protection laws. We undertake periodic audits with relevant heads of department to review our practices in this area.
    You should read this Privacy Policy in conjunction with the Virtual Casino terms and conditions.
1.
Personal Identifiable Information We Collect
We collect information that you voluntarily provide to us, automatically from you, and information from third-parties.
A.
Information You Voluntarily Provide
We collect Personal Information when you register and use our online Games, make customer inquiries, register for information or other services from Spin Vegas Slots and/or our affiliates, subsidiaries, assigns and partners, or when you respond to communications from us (such as questionnaires or surveys). The Personal Information we will collect from you may include:
Contact and Registration Information:
your name, email address, home address, telephone number, and other information collected on registration
Payment Information:
debit/credit card data
Demographic Information:
date of birth
Survey Information:
data provided by you through surveys which Spin Vegas Slots may undertake.
B.
Information We Collect Automatically
We automatically collect information when you use and/or play our games. This information includes:
Service Use Data,
including data about features you use, pages you visit, emails and advertisements you view, products and services you view and purchase, the time of day you browse, and your referring and exiting pages.
Device Data,
including data about the type of device or browser you use, your device’s operating software, your internet service provider, your device’s regional and language settings, and device identifiers such as IP address and Ad Id.
Location Data,
including imprecise location data (such as location derived from an IP address or data that indicates a city or postal code level) and, with your consent, precise location data (such as latitude/longitude data).
Tracking Technologies, including:
Log Files,
which are files that record events that occur in connection with your use of the Service.
Cookies,
which are small data files stored on your device that act as a unique tag to identify your browser.
Pixels
(also known as web beacons), which are types of code embedded in a website, video, email, or advertisement that sends information about your use to a server.
Location-Identifying Technologies,
which are technologies used to collect your location.
App Technologies,
which are technologies included in our apps that are not browser-based like cookies and cannot be controlled by browser settings. For example, our apps may include SDKs, which is code that sends information about your use to a server. These SDKs allow us to track our communications, bring you advertising both on and off the Service, and provide you with additional functionality, such as the ability to connect our Service with your social media account.
C.
Information We Collect From Third Parties
We may also receive Personal Information from online vendors and service providers, and from customer lists lawfully acquired from third-party vendors. In addition, Design Works Studios may engage the services of third-party service providers to provide technical support, process your online transactions and maintain your account. We will have access to any information you provide to such vendors, service providers and third-party e-commerce services.
2.
Processing of Information
The Personal Information which you provide to us may be processed by us for one or more of the following purposes: (A) to allow us to provide you with online Games; (B) to process any of your requests for information; (C) to provide member support services to you; (D) to market our services or products or those of other entities existing within the same group of companies in which Spin Vegas Slots and Design Works Studios exist; (E) to notify you about updates to our Virtual Casino and/or services; and (F) to support any of the intended purposes specifically stated at the time at which you provided the Personal Information together the “Purposes.”.
3.
Disclosure of Information
Your Personal Information may, for the Purposes, be disclosed for processing to any of the following Recipients: (A) to any of our parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, successors, assigns, contractors, vendors, and partners and their respective employees or advisers or designees or nominees who have a need to know such information; (B) to any third parties which provide services to Spin Vegas Slots in order to allow or enable us to provide you with online Games, including by way of example payment processors and data verifiers; (C) to any accountants, attorneys, auditors, contractors or other advisers auditing any of our business processes; and (D) to any potential purchasers or investors; together the “Recipients”
Any processing performed by any Recipients will, where required by applicable law, be governed by a data processing agreement in the form required by applicable law, preserving any and all of your statutory data protection rights and obligating the Recipients to respect the Personal Information and handle it in accordance with all applicable laws.
Your information will not be disclosed to government institutions or authorities unless required by applicable law.
4.
Permitted Disclosures
We may disclose your Personal Information if required to do so by applicable law, or if we believe in good faith that such action is necessary to: (A) comply with any legal process served on Design Works Studios, our officers, directors, employees, affiliates, or assigns, our Virtual Casinos or our services in circumstances where we are under a substantially similar legal obligation; (B) protect and defend our rights or property; or (C) reasonably act to protect the personal safety of users of the services or the public.
If, in our sole determination, you are suspected or found to have cheated, or attempted to defraud Spin Vegas Slots, Design Works Studios or any other user of the services in any way, including, but not limited to, Game manipulation or payment fraud, or if we suspect you of fraudulent payment, including use of stolen credit cards, or any other fraudulent activity (including any chargeback or other reversal of a payment) or prohibited transaction (including money laundering), we reserve the right to share this information (together with your identity) with banks, credit card companies, and appropriate agencies including but not limited to law enforcement and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.
5.
Your Rights in relation to your Personal Information
You can write to us at any time to obtain a copy of your Personal Information and to have any inaccuracies corrected. Where appropriate, you may have your Personal Information rectified, amended or completed. Please email support@spinvegascasino.com. We reserve the right to levy a small charge to cover the cost of administration.
6.
Security
Design Works Studios holds the Personal Information on servers based in Scottsdale, Arizona from time to time. In addition, when you interact with us using the internet, our servers keep an activity log unique to you that collects certain administrative and traffic information including: source IP address, time of access, date of access, web page(s) visited, language use, Virtual Casino crash reports and type of browser used. This information is essential for the provision and quality of the services provided.
    We have implemented suitable security policies, rules and technical measures to protect and safeguard all the Personal Information under our control from unauthorized access, improper use or disclosure, unauthorized modification, unlawful destruction or accidental loss. All our employees and data processors who have access to, and are associated with the processing of your Personal Information, are obliged to respect your privacy.
In order to continue play of the Games using Virtual Coins, you may be required to purchase Virtual Coins and therefore send real money to us. We may use third party electronic payment processors and/or financial institutions (‘ESPs’) to process such financial transactions. By accepting this Privacy Policy, you expressly consent to the Personal Information necessary for the processing of transactions being shared with ESPs, including, where necessary, the transfer of information outside of your State and/or country. We take all reasonable steps to ensure that our arrangements with ESPs protect your privacy.
The processing of your credit / debit card details is handled by third party companies who comply with Payment Card Industry (“PCI”) standards in the storage and transmission of data.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do its best to protect your Personal Information as described in the paragraph above, we cannot guarantee the security of any information that you disclose online. You accept the inherent security implications of using the internet and will not hold us responsible for any breach of security unless we have been negligent. For your own privacy protection, we encourage you not to include sensitive information (such as credit/debit card numbers) in any emails you may send to us.
7.
Third Party Service Providers
In order to continue play of the Games using Virtual Coins, you may be required to purchase Virtual Coins and therefore send real money to us. We may use third party electronic payment processors and/or financial institutions (‘ESPs’) to process such financial transactions. By accepting this Privacy Policy, you expressly consent to the Personal Information necessary for the processing of transactions being shared with ESPs, including, where necessary, the transfer of information outside of your State and/or country. We take all reasonable steps to ensure that our arrangements with ESPs protect your privacy.
8.
Security Review
We reserve the right to conduct a security review at any time to validate your identity, age, the registration data provided by you and to verify your use of the services and your financial transactions for potential breach of our Terms and Conditions and of applicable law. By accepting our Terms and Conditions you authorize us, our employees, agents and suppliers to use your Personal Information and to disclose your Personal Information to third parties for the purposes of validating the information you provide to us in the course of using the services, including, where necessary, the transfer of information outside of your country. Security reviews may include but are not limited to ordering a credit report and/or otherwise verifying the information you provide against third-party databases. In addition, to facilitate these security reviews, you agree to provide such information or documentation as we may request.
9.
Cookies
We may send you a permanent cookie when you register with us. A cookie is a small file that can be placed on your computer’s hard disk for record-keeping purposes. Cookies can help us to recognize you when you next visit our Virtual Casino, note the advertisements you click on and the other sites you enter via a link from our Virtual Casino. This allows us to tailor the service we provide to your preferences. We may also use the data generated from cookies to compile statistical data on your use of our Virtual Casino. You are not obliged to accept a cookie from us or from any other Virtual Casino. However, for legitimate security reasons, we may refuse access to specific Virtual Casino content unless you accept the use of a cookie or similar device.
Most browsers accept cookies by default. You can instruct your browser, by changing its settings, to decline or delete cookies. If you use multiple browsers on your device, you will need to instruct each browser separately. Your ability to limit cookies is subject to your browser settings and limitations.
10.
Social Networking Sites
If you access Spin Vegas Slots via a third party social networking site (a “Social Game“), we may receive information about your social networking site profile, including without limitation the information you make publicly available, your social networking site user ID, your first, last and user names, profile and cover photos. If you invite new members into your Social Games network or send messages through Social Games, we may collect the information associated with those messages, including your friends social networking site user IDs, email addresses and content.
11.
Mobile
When you download or access Spin Vegas Slots via a mobile device, we and our service providers may receive information about your location (based on your IP address) and your mobile device, including various unique identifiers associated with your device, hardware type, the version of your operating system and your in-game activity. We and our service providers may use this information to provide you with personalized advertising and other content, including advertising and content based on your location.
You can stop all collection of information via an app by uninstalling the app. You can also reset your device Ad Id at any time through your device settings, which is designed to allow you to limit the use of information collected about you. You can stop all collection of precise location data through an app by uninstalling the app or withdrawing your consent through your device settings.
12.
Aggregated, non-identifiable Information
We may collect aggregated, non-identifiable information via Spin Vegas Slots that does not identify any single user or device. If you choose to provide a username, please do not provide as your username any information that identifies you in real life, such as your real name.
13.
Advertisements
We reserve the right to use third-party advertising technology to serve advertisements when you visit our Virtual Casino. This technology uses information about your visits to our Virtual Casinos (not including your name, address, or other personal information), to serve our advertisements to you. In the course of delivering our advertisements to you, a unique third-party ‘cookie’ may be placed or recognized on your browser. We also transmit Virtual Casino usage information about visitors to our Virtual Casinos to the servers of a reputable third party for the purpose of targeting our Internet banner advertisements on this site and other sites. To do this, we may use ‘web beacons’ and ‘cookies’ provided by our third-party advertisement server on our sites. The information that is collected and logged on our behalf through this technology is not personally identifiable.
14.
Protection of Minors
The services provided by Spin Vegas Slots are not intended for or directed to minors or persons under the age of legal consent. Any person who provides us with Personal Information represents to us that they are 18 years of age or over the age of legal consent in their jurisdiction. We reserve the right to access and verify any Personal Information submitted by or collected from you. If we become aware that a minor has attempted to or has submitted Personal Information, we may not accept this information and may take steps to remove such information from our records.
15.
Third Party Services
We cannot ensure the protection of any information or images that you provide to a third-party online site that links to or from the services or any information collected by any third party administering our affiliate program (if applicable) or any other program, since these third-party online sites are owned and operated independently of us. Any information collected by these third parties is not governed by this Privacy Policy but by the privacy policy, if any, of such third party. If you have questions about a third party’s information practices, please read its privacy policy. We assume no responsibility or liability whatsoever for the practices, actions or policies of such third parties, and we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such third party online sites.
16.
Retention
Your Personal Information will not be stored for any longer period than is necessary for the purposes for which it was collected. We do not sell Personal Information to any third party and, in accordance with the privacy policy applying to customers on our operational Virtual Casino, do not otherwise provide this information without consent or unless acting in good faith that such action is necessary to conform to applicable legal or regulatory requirements.
17.
Change in Ownership or Control of Spin Vegas Slots
If Design Works Studios should ever file for bankruptcy, or become insolvent, or be acquired by a third party, merge with a third party, sell all or part of its assets, or transfer substantially all or part of our relevant assets to a third party, it may share the Personal Information and all other information you have provided through the services to potential and subsequent business and merger partners.
18.
Information about us
This Privacy Policy is subject to change at any time in our sole
    discretion, so please check it regularly. We reserve the right to amend or
    modify this Privacy Policy at any time and in response to changes in
    applicable data protection and privacy legislation. In the event the
    Purposes change, we will notify You as soon as possible and, where
    required, seek Your consent where such notification relates to a new
    additional purpose for processing.
If You have any questions about this Privacy Policy please write to
support@spinvegascasino.com.
19.
California Privacy Rights
As provided under California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the
    “Shine The Light” law, we provide our customers with the ability to “opt
    out” of having their personal information shared with non-affiliated third
    parties for their direct marketing purposes. To request a copy of the
    information disclosure provided by Spin Vegas Slots pursuant to Section 1798.83
of the California Civil Code, please contact
support@spinvegascasino.com
.
20.
Unsubscribing From Email
If You would prefer not to receive emails from us, please follow the
    unsubscribe link in the email. You will be removed from the mailing list
    within 7 days of receiving your request.
21.
Opting Out Of Direct Mail Policy
We may from time to time send promotional materials to You by direct mail.
    If You do not want to receive promotional materials by direct mail from us,
please email us at
support@spinvegascasino.com
. and
    we will remove You from our Direct Mailing list.
22.
Your Choice To Share Information
If You prefer to opt out by mail from having your Personal Information
    shared with our partners or affiliates, please email us with Your written
request at
support@spinvegascasino.com
.
    Opting out will not prevent your Personal Information from being shared
    with our affiliates for any purpose or used for other non-marketing
    purposes described above in this Privacy Policy.
23.
Requesting Data Deletion
If at any time you would like to have your Personal Information removed from our records, please email us with your written request at support@spinvegascasino.com. You will receive written confirmation that your request has been processed within 10 business days. Please note that if a player wishes to return to the casino after this data deletion has occurred, the player will need to create a new account and will not be able to resume using their old account.
24.
Contact Us:
Spin Vegas Slots
Attn: Customer Service
7150 E. Camelback Road, Suite 500
Scottsdale, Arizona 85251
support@spinvegascasino.com