Privacy Policy
Effective Date: Jan 1, 2019
Introduction
Tritonesoft Inc. ("TRITONESOFT", also referred to as "we", and "us") is committed to protecting the privacy of its users (collectively or individually "Users"). As described in this Privacy Policy, we have designed our games, applications, forums and/or websites ("Services" or "Service") to protect TRITONESOFT’s Users’ personal information from unauthorized disclosure to others. This Privacy Policy applies whenever you use any of our Services.
This Privacy Policy explains how we collect information, how we use that information and with whom we share it, how we protect children privacy, how you can access and update your information, and how we protect the information we store and share about you.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully before using any of our Services, and if you have any questions, feel free to contact us. By using our service, you consent to the collection, disclosure, storage and use of your information as outlined in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy may be amended from time to time and TRITONESOFT encourages you to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for changes.
Collection of Information
TRITONESOFT only collects Personal Information and Personal Identifiable Information to the extent that is necessary in order for us to successfully provide our Users with the Services we provide. When Users install our Services, we may collect and record the information (personal information including name / email address / user identification number / mobile device’s unique identifier (UDID) / transaction identifiers for purchases / profile picture / any other relevant information included in application, social network or other online profile) you provide, whether through the Services by Users or through a social network system ("SNS", such as Facebook) or other third party services.
In each case, we will collect and record the information Users have agreed to provide, either directly to us, or through a SNS such as Facebook, including the User’s first and last name, profile picture or its URL, user ID number (provided by Facebook), public data of your friends, the login e-mail provided during registration to the aforementioned third party, the physical location of the User and the device used to access our Services, gender, birthday and/or age range, and any publically available information available on the third party application or platform, as well as any other information provided by the User or the third party. Other information including any Personally identifiable Information about our Users (such as social security numbers, telephone numbers, street addresses, driver’s license numbers, etc.), are not collected or requested by TRITONESOFT, unless this information is shared directly from the User or through a publically available social network or other third party service, that then grants us the permission to the access of this information through the User’s discrete consent.
Due to the process in which we receive information through an SNS or a third party service, we advise Users to make sure to read and accept the mentioned SNS or third party’s Terms of Use and Privacy Policies prior to continuing. When you invite new members into your network or send messages through the Service, we collect and maintain the information associated with those messages on secure servers, including email addresses.
TRITONESOFT’s Services may contain links to other websites. We are naturally unable to be held responsible for the privacy practices of other websites and we encourage Users to be aware of when they are leaving our Services, and also to be aware of that website’s own Privacy Policy as this one applies exclusively to TRITONESOFT and its Services.
Children Policy
Our Services are intended for use by those 21 or older for amusement purposes only. Without derogating from the aforementioned clause, TRITONESOFT does not knowingly collect or request for any personal information from children under 18. If it comes to our attention that such personal information has been collected without our knowing, TRITONESOFT will take reasonable steps to delete such personal information promptly.
How TRITONESOFT uses your information
The information that TRITONESOFT collects and store are primarily used to provide a better and more efficient experience while using our Services, but is not solely limited to this purpose. The possible purposes the information Users provide to TRITONESOFT include, but is not limited to, create User game accounts in accords to the provided information, identify friends and suggest connections to other users of the Services, enable Users to communicate with each other, provide efficient customer support and respond to user submitted reports and inquiries, protect the safety and well-being of our players, improve and optimize our Services provided to Users, enforce our Terms of Service, latest product announcements, software updates, and upcoming events administered by either TRITONESOFT or a third party. From time to time, we may use your personal information to send important notices, such as communications about purchases and changes to our terms, conditions, and policies.
We may also use personal information for internal purposes such as auditing, data analysis, and research to improve TRITONESOFT's products, Services, and customer communications. If you enter into a sweepstake, contest, or similar promotion we may use the information you provide to administer those programs. We also collect non-personal information (data in a form that does not permit direct association with any specific individual) and this non-personal data may be used, transferred or disclosed for any purpose in a way that does not violate any individual User’s privacy. Examples of such non-personal information we collect and its usage are as follows.
Information regarding occupation, language, zip code, area code, unique device identifier, location, and time zone locations may be used to better understand customer behavior to further improve our Services.
Information regarding User activities in relation to our Services may be aggregated and utilized to help us derive which specific aspect of our Service produces the most interest among Users.
If any non-personal information is used together with any User’s personal information, it will be treated as personal information for as long as they remain combined.
Disclosure of Your Personal Information
Users understand and agree that TRITONESOFT may disclose any personal information if required to do so by law, or in the belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to avoid liability, to comply with legal process, including, but not limited to subpoena, statute, search warrant, or court order, or to protect the property and rights of TRITONESOFT or a third party, to protect the safety of the public or any person, or to prevent or stop activity TRITONESOFT may consider to be, or to pose a risk of being illegal, unethical or legally actionable. TRITONESOFT is not required to question or contest the validity of any search warrant, subpoena or other similar governmental request that it may receive. TRITONESOFT may also disclose information about you if it determines that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce the terms and conditions of the Service or to protect its operations or Users.
If TRITONESOFT undergoes a business transaction that results in a merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets, we may disclose or transfer all available information about you to the successor organization along the process. We will make reasonable efforts to let our Users know of the information transfer that comes along with the aforementioned action before the actual information transfer occurs.
Third Party Service Providers
We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads on the Services. Our system and the third-party advertising technology uses information derived from Users' activity, TRITONESOFT's cookies on your hard drive, your visits to our site, and the Services you use, to target advertising within the Services. In addition, our advertisers may use other third-party advertising technology to target advertising on our site and other sites. In the course of advertisements being served to you, a unique third-party cookie or cookies may be placed on your computer. Similarly, third-party advertising companies may provide us with pixel tags (also called "clear gifs" or "beacons") to help manage and optimize our online advertising. Beacons enable us to recognize a browser's cookie when a browser visits the site on which the beacon is located, and to learn which banner ads bring users to a given site.
TRITONESOFT does not provide any Personally Identifiable Information to third-party advertising companies. Note, however, that if an advertiser asks TRITONESOFT to show an advertisement to users with certain characteristics (for example, women ages 18-24) or a segment of that group (for example, women ages 18-24 who have viewed certain categories of content) and you respond to that advertisement, the third-party advertising company may conclude that you have the characteristics of the audience that they are trying to reach.
Cookies and links
Like many websites, TRITONESOFT may use "cookies" to collect information. A cookie is a small data file that is transferred to your computer's hard disk or your mobile device for record-keeping purposes. The Service may send cookies to a computer or a mobile device when a user accesses or views a Service. Information contained in a cookie may be linked to personal information for purposes such as improving the quality of TRITONESOFT's Service, tailoring recommendations to interests, and making the Service easier to use. Third party advertisers on the Services may also place or read cookies on your browser. Cookies can be disabled at any time by changing your web browser's options to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. If you do not accept cookies, however, you may not be able to use all portions or functionalities of our Services.
The Service may contain links to other websites or applications. The fact that the Service links to a website or application or presents a banner ad or other type of advertisement does not mean that TRITONESOFT endorses or authorizes that third party, nor is it a representation of any affiliation with that third party. If you click on a link to a third party site or application, including on an advertisement, you will leave the TRITONESOFT site you are visiting or application you are running and will go to the site or application linked to. These third party websites and applications may place their own cookies or other files on your computer or mobile device, and may collect data or solicit personal information from you. Other sites and applications follow different rules regarding the use or disclosure of the personal information you submit to them. Because TRITONESOFT cannot control the activities of third parties, it cannot accept responsibility for any use of your personal information by such third parties, and it cannot guarantee that they will adhere to the same privacy and security practices as TRITONESOFT. You are therefore encouraged to read the privacy policies or statements of other websites and applications you visit before providing any personal information.
Changing or Deleting Your Information
You may review, update, correct or delete any personal information by changing the applicable information on your profile page. If you choose to completely delete all of this information, your account may become deactivated. If you would like for us to delete your records in our system, please contact us and we will attempt to accommodate your request if we are not legally obligated to retain the record.
If you have granted TRITONESOFT access to your Account Information through a Service, you may request that we delete your Account Information by following the directions available at
https://www.facebook.com/settings?tab=privacy
and
https://www.facebook.com/settings?tab=applications
. You can request deletion of your Account Information by dissociating or removing the TRITONESOFT application from your SNS or third party service account in accordance with the instructions provided by the SNS or third party service. You may also choose to provide only specific pieces of information to TRITONESOFT in order to take direct control over the information you choose to provide.
Security
TRITONESOFT is very concerned with safeguarding your information. Your account information is located on a secured server behind a firewall. When you enter Personally Identifiable Information, we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). Because email and instant messaging are not recognized as secure communications, we request that you not send private information to us by email or instant messaging services. Although TRITONESOFT has made reasonable technical and organizational measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration or disclosure, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to overcome those measures or use your personal information for improper purposes. If you have any questions about the security of the Services, please contact us at
https://tritonesoft.helpshift.com/a/play-lasvegas/
Contacting Us
For any questions about our Privacy Policy or any other issue please contact us at:
https://tritonesoft.helpshift.com/a/play-lasvegas/
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.facebook.com/settings?tab%3Dprivacy&sa=D&ust=1548640359062000:
Redirect Notice
The page you were on is trying to send you to
https://www.facebook.com/settings?tab=privacy
.
If you do not want to visit that page, you can
return to the previous page
.