Brunswick Privacy Policy
Chinese ‑ Simplified
Czech
Danish
Dutch ‑ Netherlands
Finnish
French ‑ France
German
Greek
Indonesian
Italian
Japanese
Korean
Norwegian
Polish
Portuguese ‑ Brazil
Portuguese ‑ Portugal
Russian
Spanish ‑ Spain
Swedish
Thai
Vietnamese
Purpose
Brunswick prioritizes the safety of the data that we collect and retain, which includes your personal information. This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what data we collect, why we collect it, and how you may be able to update, manage, and/or request that we delete your data. This Privacy Policy also sets forth certain obligations and responsibilities you may have regarding your information. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully.
Who We Are
We are Brunswick, a group of companies owned by Brunswick Corporation (hereinafter (“Brunswick,” “we,” or “us”). For a complete listing of Brunswick Corporation brands, please see
Our Brands
(
https://www.brunswick.com/our-brands
).
Brunswick is a leader in the marine and recreational vehicle industry. Brunswick is home to more than 60 industry-leading brands. In the category of Marine Propulsion, these brands include Mercury Marine, Mercury Racing, and MerCruiser.
Brunswick’s comprehensive collection of parts, accessories, distribution, and technology brands includes Mercury Parts & Accessories, Land ‘N’ Sea, and Navico Group Brands (Lowrance, Simrad, B&G, C-Map, C-Zone, Fathom, Mastervolt, RELiON, Attwood, Lenco, Blue Sea Systems, BEP, Promariner, Progressive Industries, and Whale).
Brunswick’s boat brands are some of the best-known in the world, including Boston Whaler, Lund, Sea Ray, Bayliner, Harris Pontoons, Princecraft Navan, and Quicksilver.
Our service, digital, and shared-access businesses include Freedom Boat Club, Boateka, and a range of financing, insurance, and extended warranty businesses. Brunswick also successfully leverages its portfolio of advanced technologies to deliver an exceptional suite of solutions in mobile and industrial applications.
Brunswick acts as the data controller that is responsible for processing the personal information that we hold about you. This means that we determine the purposes and means for how we process personal information. Brunswick affiliates may also act as controllers concerning certain data processing activities described in this privacy policy.
We will implement security measures designed to keep your personal information safe and secure, and we will not misuse it. This Privacy Policy explains what we do with your personal information, so you understand how we use it. It also tells you what your legal rights are and how you can exercise them so that you are always in control of your personal information.
Applicability
This Privacy Policy applies to information collected by Brunswick Corporation and any of its affiliated or subsidiary companies, offline or online, including, but not limited to all websites, connected products, and/or apps that post a link to this Privacy Policy (collectively, “the sites”). Please note that this Privacy Policy does not apply to any information collected about you as a current or former candidate, employee, or other staff member of any Brunswick group company.
Site Monitoring. Please be aware that we, and our third-party service providers and marketing partners, use cookies, pixels, tags, and other tracking technologies within our sites to monitor and record all activities and communications to, from, and on, the sites to safeguard, improve, and analyze usage of, the sites, and for the other purposes listed in our Cookie Policy.
Our sites are not directed at and should not be used by children under the relevant age of majority in the countries where they are accessed.
By continuing to interact with our sites, connected products, and/or apps, or otherwise engage with us, you acknowledge that you have read and understand the terms described in this Privacy Policy and applicable Cookie Policy on our sites, including the
Brunswick Cookie Policy
.
Video Links
. We may include videos and similar media players on our sites. By clicking on such videos and similar media players on our sites, then (i) you may be redirected to a third party’s website to play the video, or (2) it may play the video on our site, although this functionality may be supported by a third party’s website or technology (e.g., YouTube, YouTube API, Vimeo). In any such case, by playing the videos or similar media players, you shall become subject to the third party’s terms and conditions, including, but not limited to, its terms of service and personal information privacy policies and practices, including the terms governing
YouTube
and
Vimeo
.
Social Media Advertising
. From time to time, we may use on our sites certain third-party and first-party cookies, pixels, and other digital tracking technologies (“tracking technologies”) for marketing purposes. Some third-party tracking technologies are provided by our marketing partners, including social media companies. The use of such tracking technologies is subject to the terms and conditions of our Cookie Policy. Please note that the terms and conditions set forth by those third parties,
Meta
,
X
(formerly Twitter),
TikTok
, and
LinkedIn
, amongst others, may also apply from time to time.
Definitions
Basic Personal Information:
your name and private or professional contact information (which may include other identifiers like your alias, IP address, email address, etc.)
Connected product
: a hardware product manufactured, sold, distributed, or marketed by Brunswick that can communicate data via the internet or other wireless technologies.
Cookie or targeting technologies:
Cookies are small pieces of information, normally consisting of just letters and numbers, which we provide when you visit our sites. Software on your user's device (for example a web browser) can store cookies and send them back to the website next time they visit. Cookies and targeting technologies live on your device to remember things about your visits to the sites. Some Cookies may be used to track your activity on our sites. We may also use cookies and targeting technologies on our connected products, and/or apps.
Data
: All records and information, regardless of format. There are two types of data: personal information, and Other Data.
Personal Information
: ‘Personal information’ means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (‘data subject’); an identifiable natural person can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural, or social identity of that natural person.
Other Data:
Other data is data that is not personal information. Examples may include website traffic, deidentified/anonymized personal data, aggregated cookie preference trends, link usage rates, and larger geographic areas (U.S., Europe, Asia, etc.).
O
ther Data is not subject to this Privacy Policy.
Sale of personal information:
The disclosure of personal information to a third party in exchange for money or other valuable considerations.
Sensitive Personal Information:
A subset of personal information that includes information that requires special consideration and protection due to its sensitive nature
.
Examples of Sensitive Personal Information are social security numbers, ethnicity, race, and precise geolocation.
Sharing of personal information/data sharing:
The disclosure of personal information to a third party for targeted advertising, and/or cross-contextual behavioral advertising for the benefit of the business. No money or other value is exchanged.
Telemetry Data:
The automatic process of collecting and transmitting data from remote or inaccessible sources. Telemetry data can include measured values, logs, metrics, events, and traces and can be relayed using various methods, such as radio, infrared, ultrasonic, GSM, satellite, or cable.
What Personal Data We Collect and Process About You
Brunswick collects and processes personal information provided by consumers while buying or using Brunswick’s services, sites, connected products, and apps. Brunswick also collects and processes information about representatives of its providers, suppliers, customers, and partners from time to time while doing business.
The types of personal information we collect and/or share depend on the product and/or service you use or purchase from us. We also collect personal information from our business partners.
We do not intentionally collect data on children who have not reached the age of majority in their country of residence. Children under the age of majority are not permitted to use our sites as our sites are not directed to them.
Please click on this link for more detailed information about what personal information we process about different Brunswick services, along with the purposes and legal basis for that processing.
Does Brunswick Share or Sell My Personal Information?
BRUNSWICK
DOES NOT SELL
YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION FOR DIRECT PROFIT.
Brunswick shares information internally with our affiliates and all have entered into an Intra-Group Data Transfer and Data Processing Agreement (IDTA). For a complete listing of brands who may have access to your personal information, please see Our Brands (
https://www.brunswick.com/our-brands
). We also share personal information with third parties and these third parties are our service providers and contractors, they are bound by contracts, agreements, and monitoring to ensure that your personal information is treated with utmost protection and respect. Each third party is carefully vetted to ensure that they have adequate protection in place to protect your personal information when we agree to work with them.
Brunswick may also share information with other third parties for the following purposes:
To comply with its obligations towards you;
To process warranty, maintenance, and repairs;
To share information with dealer networks;
When you subscribe to certain services provided by the Freedom Boat Club division, Brunswick may share information with the franchisee to allow you to benefit from the services of your membership or receive a quote;
To provide you with digital services (information is shared with data processors);
To send you marketing communications when you consent to receive them across Brunswick divisions (cross-marketing activities) and undertake other advertising programs;
To fulfill its obligations towards the data controller, when Brunswick or its relevant division acts as a data processor;
To comply with applicable law or legal process (including law enforcement authorities or other governmental officials);
When necessary to protect the vital interests of a person (including to prevent physical harm, financial loss, and compliance with an investigation of legal/ethical activity);
To enforce Brunswick policy and prevent fraud;
To protect our customers’ and partner’s property and services.
To defend, protect, and promote our legal rights and interests;
In connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, restructuring, sale, or other corporate changes.
In some instances, usually related to our apps and/or connected products, two or more Brunswick divisions may be involved and act in different capacities about your personal information. For example, a division of Brunswick may act as a data controller, whilst using the services of another Brunswick division, acting as a data processor.
How Does Brunswick Handle Personal Information Globally?
Any information listed above may at any point subject to a data transfer carried out by the conditions within this section.
Brunswick is a global corporation and personal information is processed globally as necessary under this policy. If personal information is transferred to a Brunswick recipient in a country that does not provide an adequate level of protection for personal information, Brunswick will take adequate measures designed to protect the personal information, such as ensuring that such transfers are subject to the terms of the
EU Standard Contractual Clauses
, the
UK International Data Transfer Agreement
, and/or other adequate transfer mechanisms as required under relevant data protection laws.
Brunswick is headquartered in the United States and thus collects and processes personal information in the United States. Therefore, by using our sites, apps, and services or providing us with your personal information, you are transferring your personal information to us in the United States.
What Are Your Privacy Rights and How to Contact Us?
You can exercise your privacy rights by applicable laws as specified by filling out our online web form. To submit a request related to these rights, please see the Data Subject Access Request (“DSAR”) form available in the
Exercise Your Privacy Rights
link in the footer of our sites. Processing will require verification of your identity before any action is completed, or information shared with you.
You can also contact us by emailing our European DPO by emailing
dpo.brunswick@fieldfisher.com
.
For a complete list of Data Protection Officers by location, click here.
If you choose to have an authorized representative complete the DSAR request for you, they will need to provide evidence that they are authorized to do so before any action is completed, or information shared with them.
You have multiple privacy rights, subject to applicable law, concerning the information we process about you:
Opt-out of selling, using, or sharing of your personal information.
Brunswick
does not sell
your personal information to third parties for direct profit or other valuable or monetary considerations.
Opt-Out of Data Sharing:
You have the right to limit the collection of personal information we use for cross-contextual/targeted advertising (i.e., personal information we collect from certain cookies and other tracking technologies on our sites). To prevent your personal information from being used for these purposes, please click on the “Cookie Preferences” link (sometimes visible as a “Your Privacy Choices” link) on the site to set and change your cookie preferences. If an “opt-out” or “do not track signal” is detected on our sites, via your browser, it will be honored. For detailed information, please see our Cookie Policy. (https://www.brunswick.com/cookie-policy), available in the Cookie Policy link in the footer of our Sites.
Opt-out of/Opt-in to receive Marketing Communications.
Depending on the region where you are located, we may send you marketing communications:
Only if you opt-in to receive marketing communications from us.
Unless you elect to opt out of marketing communications. The email marketing communications themselves will contain an “Unsubscribe” link at the bottom of the communication.
We conduct marketing by brand or division, but we may ask for your consent to conduct cross-brand marketing from time to time.
Request the deletion of your personal information:
You can ask us to delete the information about you. Brunswick will take all necessary steps to delete the information to the best of our abilities. However, there is some data that we cannot delete and must maintain for legitimate business purposes (e.g., for safety recalls, warranty information, legal holds, or tax purposes).
Change or correct personal information.
You can edit some of the information about you. You can ask us to change, update, or fix information about you in certain cases, particularly if it is inaccurate.
Right to Object, or limit or restrict the use of personal information.
You can ask us to stop using all or some of the information about you (for example, if we have no legal right to keep using it) or to limit your use of it (for example, if the information about you is inaccurate).
Right to access and/or have your information provided to you.
You can ask us for a copy of information about you and can ask for a copy of information about you provided in a readable format.
Right to data portability
You can ask us to provide the personal data concerning you, which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format, and also have the right to ask us to transmit that data to another controller.
Right to withdraw consent
You have the right to withdraw any consent you have provided regarding the processing of your personal information at any time. Withdrawing consent will not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
Please note that these rights are not absolute and depend on the legal basis used for the specific processing of your personal data. As an example, we may not be allowed to delete your personal data if we are required by law to maintain it.
Brunswick strives to ensure that every person has access to information related to our services, including this Privacy Policy. Please contact us if you would like this Privacy Policy provided in an alternative format, and we will seek to accommodate your needs.
What Are My Rights as a California Resident?
You can exercise your privacy rights by applicable laws as specified by filling out our online web form. To submit a request related to these rights, please see the Data Subject Access Request (“DSAR”) form available in the
Exercise Your Privacy Rights
link in the footer of our sites. Processing will require verification of your identity before any action is completed, or information shared with you.
Brunswick acknowledges California residents’ rights:
Right to opt out of or limit the use or disclosure of your sensitive personal information;
Right to know specific pieces of personal Information that we have collected about you;
Right to know (i) the categories of personal information we have collected from you; (ii) the categories of sources from which the Personal Information is collected; (iii) the categories of your Personal Information disclosed for a business purpose; (iv) the categories of third parties to whom your personal information was disclosed for a business purpose; and (v) the business or commercial purpose for collecting or disclosing your personal information;
Right to delete;
Right to correct;
Right to nondiscrimination for asserting your rights.
If you choose to have an agent complete the DSAR request for you, that authorized agent must be registered with the California Secretary of State to conduct business in California. We will require written documentation that demonstrates a third party is authorized to serve as your agent to submit the requests set forth herein, unless you have provided the authorized agent with power of attorney under California Probate Code §§ 4121 to 4130. None of the CCPA’s rights are absolute, and they are subject to legal and regulatory exceptions and exemptions. For more information about the CCPA, please see
https://oag.ca.gov/privacy/ccpa
.
For further information on your right to know, please see California’s “Shine the Light” policy outlined in California Civil Code Section 1798.83 (“Shine the Light”). Please note that we do not disclose personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
Privacy Appeals; Complaints
You have the right to submit a complaint to a supervisory authority. Please click on this link to see a list of potentially applicable regulatory authorities.
Retention of Your Personal Information
Brunswick retains all personal information for the duration of the relevant business relationship and the length of any applicable warranty and statutory limitation period to a contract or under local laws. This retention is performed with Brunswick’s information management policies and schedules, as well as the period required by tax and other applicable laws and regulations; and as long as it is necessary for you to be able to bring a claim against us and for Brunswick to be able to defend ourselves against any legal claims. However, we may need to retain personal information for longer periods if it is relevant to an ongoing claim or investigation.
Modifications; Amendments
We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any time. We will notify you of any material updates to this Privacy Policy by updating the “Last Updated” or “Date” section listed above. It is your responsibility to periodically review the Privacy Policy to determine whether any amendments have been made hereto. Your use of our services, including the sites, after any amendments are made to this Privacy Policy, signifies you acknowledge and understand this Privacy Policy and any amendments hereto. We may, in our sole discretion, provide you communications, including via email or text messages, about changes to our Privacy Policy; however, such communications do not abrogate or otherwise limit your responsibility to periodically review the Privacy Policy to determine whether any amendments have been made.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://privacyportal.onetrust.com/webform/e1ebc611-5769-4b5b-aa85-2ee85055a9e7/86cc5c86-854c-4e91-8078-726c6209af52:

Sub-policy 1
https://oag.ca.gov/privacy/ccpa:
Skip to main content
Home
About
Who We Are
About AG Rob Bonta
About the Office of the Attorney General
History of the Office
What We Do
Public Safety
Opinions and Quo Warranto
Research Advisory Panel
Research Center
Children & Families
Civil Rights
Consumer Protection
Environment & Public Health
What We're Working On
Housing
Office of Gun Violence Prevention
21st Century Policing
Consumer Protection and Economic Opportunity
Health Care
Environmental Justice
Equality
Immigration
Children’s Rights
OpenJustice
Media
Media Center
Press Releases
Media Library
Social Media
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube
Careers
Career Opportunities
How to Apply
Assessments
Job Vacancies
Internships & Student Positions
Become a Special Agent
Become a Deputy Attorney General
Organization of the Office
About the Office
Legal Services Divisions
Division of Law Enforcement
California Justice Information Services (CJIS)
Administration
AG Honors Program & Geoffrey Wright Solicitor General Fellowship
Attorney General's Honors Program
Geoffrey Wright Solicitor General Fellowship
Regulations
Resources
For Businesses
Submit Data Security Breach
Privacy Resources
SB 478 - Hidden Fees
Service on the Attorney General
Office Locations / Status Updates
Laws Requiring Service on the AG
Open Government
Overview
Ballot Initiatives
Conflicts of Interest
Criminal Justice Statistics
Public Records
Publications
Grants
Grant Opportunities
Programs
Programs
See All Programs
Most Popular
Charities
Megan's Law
CURES
Service on the Attorney General
Division of Medi-Cal Fraud & Elder Abuse
Most Popular
Permits & Registrations
Prop 65 – Safe Drinking Water
Missing Persons
Data Security Breach
Human Trafficking
Appointments
Contact
Contact Us
Contact Us - En español
Contáctenos/Formularios
Service on the Attorney General
Home
Privacy
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)
Updated on March 13, 2024
The
California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018
(CCPA) gives consumers more control over the personal information that businesses collect about them and the
CCPA regulations
provide guidance on how to implement the law.  This landmark law secures new privacy rights for California consumers, including:
The
right to know
about the personal information a business collects about them and how it is used and shared;
The
right to delete
personal information collected from them (with some exceptions);
The
right to opt-out
of the sale or sharing of their personal information including via the
GPC
;
The
right to non-discrimination
for exercising their CCPA rights.
In November of 2020, California voters approved
Proposition 24, the CPRA
, which amended the CCPA and added new additional privacy protections that began on January 1, 2023. As of January 1, 2023, consumers have new rights in addition to those above, such as:
The
right to correct
inaccurate personal information that a business has about them; and
The
right to limit
the use and disclosure of sensitive personal information collected about them.
Businesses
that are subject to the CCPA have several responsibilities, including responding to consumer requests to exercise these rights and giving consumers certain
notices explaining their privacy practices
. The CCPA applies to many businesses, including
data brokers
.
CPRA amends the CCPA; it does not create a separate, new law.  As a result, our office typically refers to the law as “CCPA” or “CCPA, as amended.”
Links to Topics
A. GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE CCPA
B. RIGHT TO OPT-OUT OF SALE OR SHARING
C. REQUESTS TO KNOW
D. REQUESTS TO DELETE
E. REQUESTS TO CORRECT
F. REQUESTS TO LIMIT USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
G. RIGHT TO NON-DISCRIMINATION
H. REQUIRED NOTICES
I. DATA BROKERS AND THE CCPA
Other Consumer Resources on CCPA
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)
These FAQs provide general consumer information about the CCPA and how you can exercise your rights under the CCPA. They are not legal advice, regulatory guidance, or an opinion of the Attorney General. We will update this information periodically.
A. GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE CCPA
1. What rights do I have under the CCPA?
If you are a California resident, you may ask businesses to disclose what personal information they have about you and what they do with that information, to delete your personal information, to direct businesses not to sell or share your personal information, to correct inaccurate information that they have about you, and to limit businesses’ use and disclosure of your sensitive personal information:
Right to know
: You can request that a business disclose to you: (1) the categories and/or specific pieces of personal information they have collected about you, (2) the categories of sources for that personal information, (3) the purposes for which the business uses that information, (4) the categories of third parties with whom the business discloses the information, and (5) the categories of information that the business sells or discloses to third parties. You can make a request to know up to twice a year, free of charge.
Right to delete
: You can request that businesses delete personal information they collected from you and tell their service providers to do the same, subject to certain exceptions (such as if the business is legally required to keep the information).
Right to opt-out of sale or sharing
: You may request that businesses stop selling or sharing your personal information (“opt-out”), including via a user-enabled global privacy control. Businesses cannot sell or share your personal information after they receive your opt-out request unless you later authorize them to do so again.
Right to correct
: You may ask businesses to correct inaccurate information that they have about you.
Right to limit use and disclosure of sensitive personal information
: You can direct businesses to only use your sensitive personal information (for example, your social security number, financial account information, your precise geolocation data, or your genetic data) for limited purposes, such as providing you with the services you requested.
You also have the right to be notified, before or at the point businesses collect your personal information, of the types of personal information they are collecting and what they may do with that information. Generally, businesses cannot discriminate against you for exercising your rights under the CCPA. Businesses cannot make you waive these rights, and any contract provision that says you waive these rights is unenforceable.
2. What if I am not a California resident?
Only California residents have rights under the CCPA. A California resident is a natural person (as opposed to a corporation or other business entity) who resides in California, even if the person is temporarily outside of the state.
3. What is considered personal information and sensitive personal information under the CCPA?
Personal information
is information that identifies, relates to, or could reasonably be linked with you or your household. For example, it could include your name, social security number, email address, records of products purchased, internet browsing history, geolocation data, fingerprints, and inferences from other personal information that could create a profile about your preferences and characteristics.
Sensitive personal information
is a specific subset of personal information that includes certain government identifiers (such as social security numbers); an account log-in, financial account, debit card, or credit card number with any required security code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account; precise geolocation; contents of mail, email, and text messages; genetic data; biometric information processed to identify a consumer; information concerning a consumer’s health, sex life, or sexual orientation; or information about racial or ethnic origin, religious or philosophical beliefs, or union membership. Consumers have the right to also limit a business’s use and disclosure of their sensitive personal information.
Personal information does not include publicly available information (including public real estate/property records) and certain
types of information
.
4. What is not considered personal information under the CCPA?
Personal information does not include publicly available information that is from federal, state, or local government records, such as professional licenses and public real estate/property records.  The definition of publicly available information also includes information that a business has a reasonable basis to believe is lawfully made available to the general public by the consumer or from widely distributed media, or certain information disclosed by a consumer and made available if the consumer has not restricted the information to a specific audience.
The CCPA also exempts certain types of information such as certain medical information and consumer credit reporting information.
5. What businesses does the CCPA apply to?
The CCPA applies to for-profit businesses that do business in California and meet any of the following:
Have a gross annual revenue of over $25 million;
Buy, sell, or share the personal information of 100,000 or more California residents or households; or
Derive 50% or more of their annual revenue from selling California residents’ personal information.
6. Does the CCPA apply to nonprofits or government agencies?
The CCPA generally does not apply to nonprofit organizations or government agencies.
7. What can I do if I think a business violated the CCPA?
You cannot sue businesses for most CCPA violations. You can only sue a business under the CCPA if there is a data breach, and even then, only under limited circumstances. You can sue a business if your nonencrypted and nonredacted personal information was stolen in a data breach as a result of the business’s failure to maintain reasonable security procedures and practices to protect it. If this happens, you can sue for the amount of monetary damages you actually suffered from the breach or “statutory damages” of up to $750 per incident. Before suing, you must give the business written notice of which CCPA sections it violated and allow 30 days to respond in writing that it has cured the violations and that no further violations will occur. If the business is able to actually cure the violation and gives you its written statement that it has done so, you cannot sue the business, unless it continues to violate the CCPA contrary to its statement.
For all other violations of the CCPA, only the Attorney General or the California Privacy Protection Agency may take legal action against non-compliant entities. The Attorney General does not represent individual California consumers. Using consumer complaints and other information, the Attorney General may identify patterns of misconduct that may lead to investigations and actions on behalf of the collective legal interests of the people of California. If you believe a business has violated the CCPA, you may
file a consumer complaint
with the Office of the Attorney General. If you choose to file a complaint with our office, explain exactly how the business violated the CCPA, and describe when and how the violation occurred. Please note that the Attorney General cannot represent you or give you legal advice on how to resolve your individual complaint.  Starting on July 1, 2023, you also will be able to file complaints with the
California Privacy Protection Agency
for violations of the CCPA, as amended, occurring on or after that date.
8. What kind of data breach can I sue a business for under the CCPA?
You can only sue businesses under the CCPA if certain conditions are met. The type of personal information that must have been stolen is your first name (or first initial) and last name in combination with any of the following:
Your social security number
Your driver’s license number, tax identification number, passport number, military identification number, or other unique identification number issued on a government document commonly used to identify a person's identity
Your financial account number, credit card number, or debit card number if combined with any required security code, access code, or password that would allow someone access to your account
Your medical or health insurance information
Your fingerprint, retina or iris image, or other unique biometric data used to identify a person's identity (but not including photographs unless used or stored for facial recognition purposes)
This personal information must have been stolen in nonencrypted and nonredacted form. In addition, the personal information must have been stolen in a data breach as a result of the business’s failure to maintain reasonable security procedures and practices to protect it. If this happens, you can sue for the amount of monetary damages you actually suffered from the breach or “statutory damages” of up to $750 per incident. Before suing, you must give the business written notice of which CCPA sections it violated and allow 30 days to respond in writing that it has cured the violations and that no further violations will occur. If the business is able to actually cure the violation and gives you its written statement that it has done so, you cannot sue the business, unless it continues to violate the CCPA contrary to its statement.
9. Do businesses need to comply with the statutory CPRA amendments to the CCPA that went into effect on January 1, 2023?
Yes. As of January 1, 2023, the CPRA’s amendments to the CCPA are in effect, and businesses are required to comply with all express statutory requirements. Businesses are also required to comply with those CCPA regulations currently in effect.
10. Are there any CCPA regulations currently in effect?
Yes. The California Department of Justice promulgated an initial round of regulations implementing the CCPA on August 14, 2020 and further amended on March 15, 2021. Those regulations were recently updated by the California Privacy Protection Agency. These regulations appear in
Title 11, Division 6, Section 7001 et seq. of the California Code of Regulations
and were effective on March 29, 2023.
11. Are the statutory exemptions for employee data and business-to-business transactions still in effect?
No. The exemptions for employment-related personal information and personal information reflecting business-to-business transactions described in Civil Code Sec. 1798.145(m)-(n) expired on December 31, 2022.
12. Can I use an authorized agent to submit a request?
Yes.  You may authorize another person to submit a CCPA request on your behalf.  You may also authorize a business entity registered with the California Secretary of State to submit a request on your behalf.
Please note that if you use an authorized agent, businesses may require more information from either the authorized agent or from you to verify that you are the person directing the agent.  For example, for requests to know or delete your personal information, the business may require the authorized agent to provide proof that you gave that agent signed permission to submit the request.  Businesses may also require you to verify your identity directly with the business or directly confirm with the business that you gave the authorized agent permission to submit the request.
Back To Top
B. RIGHT TO OPT-OUT OF SALE OR SHARING
1. What is the right to opt-out?
You may request that businesses stop selling or sharing your personal information (“opt-out”).  Note that sharing refers specifically to sharing for cross-context behavioral advertising, which is the targeting of advertising to a
consumer
based on the
consumer
’s
personal information
obtained from the
consumer
’s online activity across numerous websites. With some exceptions, businesses cannot sell or share your personal information after they receive your opt-out request unless you later provide authorization allowing them to do so again. Businesses must wait at least 12 months before asking you to opt back in to the sale or sharing of your personal information.
2. Can businesses sell a child’s personal information?
Businesses can only sell the personal information of a child that they know to be under the age of 16 if they get affirmative authorization (“opt-in”) for the sale of the child’s personal information. For children under the age of 13, that opt-in must come from the child’s parent or guardian. For children who are at least 13 years old but under the age of 16, the opt-in can come from the child.
3. How do I submit my opt-out request?
Businesses that sell personal information are subject to the CCPA's requirement to provide a clear and conspicuous “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” link on their website that allows you to submit an opt-out request. Businesses cannot require you to create an account in order to submit your request. Businesses also should not require you to verify your identity, though they can ask you basic questions to identify which personal information is associated with you.
You can also submit an opt-out request via a user-enabled global privacy control, like the GPC, discussed in FAQ 8 & 9 below. If you can’t find a business’s “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” link, review its privacy policy to see if it sells or shares personal information. If the business does, it must also include that link in its privacy policy.
If a business’s "Do Not Sell My Personal Information" link or other designated method of submitting opt-out requests is not working or difficult to find, you may report the business to our office (
https://oag.ca.gov/contact/consumer-complaint-against-business-or-company
).
4. How long does the business have to respond to my opt-out request?
Businesses must respond as soon as feasibly possible to your request, up to a maximum of 15 business days from the date they received your request to opt-out.
5. Why is the business asking me for more information?
While businesses are not required to verify that the person submitting an opt-out request is really the consumer for whom the business has personal information, they may need to ask you for additional information to make sure they stop selling the right person’s personal information. If the business asks for personal information to verify your identity, it can only use that information for this verification purpose.
6. Why did the business deny my opt-out request?
There are some exceptions to the opt-out right. Common reasons why businesses may refuse to stop selling your personal information include:
Sale or sharing is necessary for the business to comply with legal obligations, exercise legal claims or rights, or defend legal claims
The information is publicly available information, certain medical information, consumer credit reporting information, or other types of information exempt from the CCPA.
See
Civil Code section 1798.145
for more exceptions.
If you do not know why a business denied your opt-out request, follow up with the business to ask it for its reasons.
7. Why did I get a response that the business is a service provider that does not have to act on my request?
Many businesses use other businesses to provide services for them. For example, a retailer may contract with a payment card processor to process customer credit card transactions or a shipping company to deliver orders. These entities may qualify as “service providers” under the CCPA.
The CCPA treats service providers differently than the businesses they serve. It is the business that is responsible for responding to consumer requests.  If you submit a request to opt-out to a service provider of a business instead of the business itself, the service provider may deny the request. You must submit your request to the business itself.
If a service provider has said that it does not or cannot act on your request because it is a service provider, you may follow up to ask who the business is. However, sometimes the service provider will not be able to provide that information. You may be able to determine who the business is based on the services that the service provider provides, although sometimes this may be difficult or impossible.
8. What is the GPC?
Businesses that sell or share personal information must offer two or more methods for consumers to submit requests to opt-out of the sale of their personal information. For businesses that collect personal information from consumers online, one acceptable method for consumers to opt-out of sales or sharing is via a user-enabled global privacy control, like the
GPC
.  Developed in response to the CCPA and to enhance consumer privacy rights, the GPC is a ‘stop selling or sharing my data switch’ that is available on some internet browsers, like Mozilla Firefox, Duck Duck Go, and Brave, or as a browser extension. It is a proposed technical standard that reflects what the CCPA regulations contemplated – some consumers want a comprehensive option that broadly signals their opt-out request, as opposed to making requests on multiple websites on different browsers or devices. Opting out of the sale or sharing of personal information should be easy for consumers, and the GPC is one option for consumers who want to submit requests to opt-out of the sale or sharing of personal information via a user-enabled global privacy control. Under law, it must be honored by covered businesses as a valid consumer request to stop the sale or sharing of personal information.
To learn more about the GPC, you can also visit
https://oag.ca.gov/privacy/ccpa/gpc
9. How do I submit my opt-out request using the GPC?
To learn more about the GPC, you can visit its website
here
.  Developers have begun to innovate around the GPC and created different mechanisms for consumers, such as EFF’s
Privacy Badger
extension or the Brave Privacy Browser.
Back To Top
C. REQUESTS TO KNOW
1. What is the right to know?
You may request that businesses disclose to you what personal information they have collected, used, shared, or sold about you, and why they collected, used, shared, or sold that information. Specifically, you may request that businesses disclose:
The categories of personal information collected
Specific pieces of personal information collected
The categories of sources from which the business collected personal information
The purposes for which the business uses the personal information
The categories of third parties with whom the business shares the personal information
The categories of information that the business sells or discloses to third parties
Businesses must provide you this information for the 12-month period preceding your request. They must provide this information to you free of charge.
2. How do I submit my request to know?
Businesses must designate at least two methods for you to submit your request—for example, an email address, website form, or hard copy form. One of those methods has to be a toll-free phone number and, if the business has a website, one of those methods has to be through its website. However, if a business operates exclusively online, it only needs to provide an email address for submitting requests to know.
Businesses cannot make you create an account just to submit a request to know, but if you already have an account with the business, it may require you to submit your request through that account.
Make sure you submit your request to know through one of the business’s designated methods, which may be different from its normal customer service contact information. If you can’t find a business’s designated methods, review its privacy policy, which must include instructions on how you can submit your request.
If a business’s designated method of submitting requests to know is not working, notify the business in writing and consider submitting your request through another designated method if possible.
3. How long does the business have to respond to my request to know?
Businesses must respond to your request within 45 calendar days. They can extend that deadline by another 45 days (90 days total) if they notify you.
If you submitted a request to know and have not received any response within the timeline, check the business’s privacy policy to make sure you submitted your request through the designated way. Follow up with the business to see if the business is subject to the CCPA and to follow up on your request.
4. Why is the business asking me for more information?
Businesses must verify that the person making a request to know is the consumer about whom the business has personal information. Businesses may need to ask you for additional information for verification purposes. If the business asks for personal information to verify your identity, it can only use that information for this verification purpose.
5. Why did the business deny my request to know?
There are some exceptions to the right to know. Common reasons why businesses may refuse to disclose your personal information include:
The business cannot verify your request
The request is manifestly unfounded or excessive, or the business has already provided personal information to you more than twice in a 12-month period
Businesses cannot disclose certain sensitive information, such as your social security number, financial account number, or account passwords, but they must tell you if they’re collecting that type of information
Disclosure would restrict the business’s ability to comply with legal obligations, exercise legal claims or rights, or defend legal claims
If the personal information is certain medical information, consumer credit reporting information, or other types of information exempt from the CCPA
See
Civil Code section 1798.145
for more exceptions.
If you do not know why a business denied your request to know, follow up with the business to ask it for its reasons.
6. Why did I get a response that the business is a service provider that does not have to act on my request?
Many businesses use other businesses to provide services for them. For example, a retailer may contract with a payment card processor to process customer credit card transactions or a shipping company to deliver orders. These entities may qualify as “service providers” under the CCPA.
The CCPA treats service providers differently than the businesses they serve. It is the business that is responsible for responding to consumer requests.  If you submit a request to know to a service provider of a business instead of the business itself, the service provider may deny the request. You must submit your request to the business itself.
If a service provider has said that it does not or cannot act on your request because it is a service provider, you may follow up to ask who the business is. However, sometimes the service provider will not be able to provide that information. You may be able to determine who the business is based on the services that the service provider provides, although sometimes this may be difficult or impossible.
Back To Top
D. REQUESTS TO DELETE
1. What is my right to delete personal information?
You may request that businesses delete personal information they collected from you and to tell their service providers to do the same. However, there are
many exceptions
(see FAQ D.5) that allow businesses to keep your personal information.
2. How do I submit my right to delete?
Review the business’s privacy policy, which must include instructions on how you can submit your request to delete.
Businesses must designate at least two methods for you to submit your request—for example, a toll-free number, email address, website form, or hard copy form. However, if a business operates exclusively online, it only needs to provide an email address for submitting requests.
Businesses cannot make you create an account just to submit a deletion request, but if you already have an account with the business, it may require you to submit your request through that account.
Make sure you submit your deletion request through one of the business’s designated methods, which may be different from its normal customer service contact information.
If a business’s designated method of submitting requests to delete is not working, notify the business in writing and consider submitting your request through another designated method if possible.
3. How long does the business have to respond to my request to delete?
Businesses must respond to your request within 45 calendar days. They can extend that deadline by another 45 days (90 days total) if they notify you.
If you submitted a request to delete and have not received any response within the timeline, check the business’s privacy policy to make sure you submitted your request through the designated way. Follow up with the business to see if the business is subject to the CCPA and to follow up on your request.
4. Why is the business asking me for more information?
Businesses must verify that the person making a request to delete is the consumer about whom the business has personal information. Businesses may need to ask you for additional information for verification purposes. If the business asks for personal information to verify your identity, it can only use that information for this verification purpose.
5. Why did the business deny my request to delete?
There are exceptions to the right to delete. Common reasons why businesses may keep your personal information include:
If the information is exempt from the CCPA.  This includes:
Publicly available information (such as your address, which is often in public real estate/property records)
.  However, if you are a law enforcement officer, public official, or Safe at Home participant (available to victims of domestic violence, stalking, sexual assault, human trafficking, elder and dependent abuse, as well as reproductive health workers), you may request a website to not publicly post your address as described
here
.
Certain
types of information
such as medical information or consumer credit reporting information.
The business cannot verify your request
To complete your transaction, provide a reasonably anticipated product or service, or for certain warranty and product recall purposes
For certain business security practices
For certain internal uses that are compatible with reasonable consumer expectations or the context in which the information was provided
To comply with legal obligations, exercise legal claims or rights, or defend legal claims
If the personal information is certain medical information, consumer credit reporting information, or other types of information exempt from the CCPA
See
Civil Code sections 1798.105(d)
and
1798.145
for more exceptions.
If you do not know why a business denied your request to delete, follow up with the business to ask it for its reasons.
6. Why did I get a response that the business is a service provider that does not have to act on my request?
Many businesses use other businesses to provide services for them. For example, a retailer may contract with a payment card processor to process customer credit card transactions or a shipping company to deliver orders. These entities may qualify as “service providers” under the CCPA.
The CCPA treats service providers differently than the businesses they serve. It is the business that is responsible for responding to consumer requests.  If you submit a request to delete to a service provider of a business instead of the business itself, the service provider may deny the request. You must submit your request to the business itself.
If a service provider has said that it does not or cannot act on your request because it is a service provider, you may follow up to ask who the business is. However, sometimes the service provider will not be able to provide that information. You may be able to determine who the business is based on the services that the service provider provides, although sometimes this may be difficult or impossible.
7. Why is a debt collector still calling me about my debt even though I asked it to delete my information?
Creditors, collection agencies, and other debt collectors can still try to collect debts that you owe even if you asked them to delete your personal information. Learn more about debt collectors—including what they can and can’t do—
here
.
8. Why is a credit reporting agency still giving out my credit information even though I asked it to delete my information?
Credit reporting agencies like Equifax, Experian, and TransUnion can still collect and disclose your credit information, subject to regulation under the
Fair Credit Reporting Act
. Learn more about your rights under the Fair Credit Reporting Act
here
. Learn more about how to check and fix your credit report
here
.
Back To Top
E. REQUESTS TO CORRECT 
 (RIGHT TO CORRECT)
1. What is the right to correct?
You may ask businesses to correct inaccurate information that they have about you.
The California Privacy Protection Agency is currently engaged in a formal rulemaking process and has
proposed CCPA regulations pertaining to the right to correct
, but these are not currently final or effective.
2.  How do I submit my request to correct?
Review the business’s privacy policy, which should include instructions on how you can submit your request to correct.
Businesses must designate at least two methods for you to submit your request—for example, a toll-free number, email address, website form, or hard copy form. However, if a business operates exclusively online, it only needs to provide an email address for submitting requests.
Businesses cannot make you create an account just to submit a correction request, but if you already have an account with the business, it may require you to submit your request through that account.
Make sure you submit your correction request through one of the business’s designated methods, which may be different from its normal customer service contact information.
If a business’s designated method of submitting requests to correct is not working, notify the business in writing and consider submitting your request through another designated method if possible.
3. How long does the business have to respond to my request to correct?
Businesses must respond to your request within 45 calendar days. They can extend that deadline by another 45 days (90 days total) if they notify you.
If you submitted a request to correct and have not received any response within the timeline, check the business’s privacy policy to make sure you submitted your request through the designated way. Follow up with the business to see if the business is subject to the CCPA and to follow up on your request.
4. Why is the business asking me for more information?
Businesses must verify that the person making a request to correct is the consumer about whom the business has personal information. Businesses may need to ask you for additional information for verification purposes. If the business asks for personal information to verify your identity, it can only use that information for this verification purpose.
5. Why did the business deny my request to correct?
There are exceptions to the right to correct. Common reasons why businesses may deny your request to correct include:
The business cannot verify your identity to complete your request
The request is manifestly unfounded or excessive
The information is publicly available information, certain medical information, consumer credit reporting information, or other types of information exempt from the CCPA
If you do not know why a business denied your request to correct, follow up with the business to ask it for its reasons.
Back To Top
F. REQUESTS TO LIMIT USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION (RIGHT TO LIMIT)
1. What is the right to limit?
You can direct businesses to only use your sensitive personal information (for example, your social security number, financial account information, your precise geolocation data, or your genetic data) for limited purposes, such as providing you with the services you requested.
The California Privacy Protection Agency is currently engaged in a formal rulemaking process and has
proposed CCPA regulations pertaining to the right to limit
, but these are not currently final or effective.
Back To Top
G. RIGHT TO NON-DISCRIMINATION
Businesses cannot deny goods or services, charge you a different price, or provide a different level or quality of goods or services just because you exercised your rights under the CCPA.
However, if you refuse to provide your personal information to a business or ask it to delete or stop selling your personal information, and that personal information or sale is necessary for the business to provide you with goods or services, the business may not be able to complete that transaction.
Businesses can also offer you promotions, discounts and other deals in exchange for collecting, keeping, or selling your personal information. But they can only do this if the financial incentive offered is reasonably related to the value of your personal information. If you ask a business to delete or stop selling your personal information, you may not be able to continue participating in the special deals they offer in exchange for personal information. If you are not sure how your request may affect your participation in a special offer, ask the business.
Back To Top
H. REQUIRED NOTICES
1. What is a notice at collection?
The CCPA requires businesses to give consumers certain information in a “notice at collection.” A notice at collection must list the categories of personal information businesses collect about consumers and the purposes for which they use the categories of information. (To find out how you can learn what specific information a business has collected about you, see the
Right to Know section
.)  If the business sells consumers’ personal information, then the notice at collection must include a
Do Not Sell or Share link
. The notice must also contain a link to the business’s privacy policy, where consumers can get a fuller description of the business’s privacy practices and of their privacy rights.
2. Where can I find a business’s notice at collection?
This notice must be provided
at or before
the point at which the business collects your personal information. For example, you might find a link to the notice at collection on a website’s homepage and on a webpage where you place an order or enter your personal information for another reason. On a mobile app, you might find a link to the notice in the settings menu. In a retail store, you might find the notice on a printed form used to collect your personal information.
3. What is a privacy policy?
A business’s privacy policy is a written statement that gives a broad picture of its online and offline practices for the collection, use, sharing, and sale of consumers’ personal information. The CCPA requires business privacy policies to include information on consumers’ privacy rights and how to exercise them: the
Right to Know
, the
Right to Delete
, the
Right to Opt-Out of Sale
, the
the Right to Correct
, the
the Right to Limit
, and the
Right to Non-Discrimination
.
4. Where can I find a business’s privacy policy?
Most businesses post their privacy policy on their websites. A link to it can usually be found at the bottom of the homepage and other webpages. The link’s title may include “Privacy” or “California Privacy Rights.” In a mobile app, the privacy policy may be linked on the download page for the app or in the app’s settings menu.
Back To Top
I. DATA BROKERS AND THE CCPA
1. What is a data broker?
Another California law,
Civil Code section 1798.99.80
, defines a data broker as “a business that knowingly collects and sells to third parties the personal information of a consumer with whom the business does not have a direct relationship.” This law exempts certain businesses that are regulated by other laws from this definition. Exempted businesses include consumer reporting agencies (commonly known as credit bureaus) and certain financial institutions and insurance companies.
Data brokers collect information about consumers from many sources including websites, other businesses, and public records. The data broker analyzes and packages the data for sale to other businesses.
2. How can I find data brokers that collect and sell my personal information?
The
California law on data brokers
requires data brokers covered by the law to register with the Attorney General and to provide certain information on their practices. The Data Broker Registry can be found on the Attorney General’s website at
https://oag.ca.gov/data-brokers
.
Data brokers are subject to the CCPA. On the Data Broker Registry website, you will find contact information and a website link for each registered data broker, as well as additional information to help you exercise your CCPA rights.
3. How can I stop a data broker from selling my personal information?
You can click on the “View Full Submission” link on the
Data Broker Registry
to get instructions on how to opt-out of the sale of your personal information. However, you may not be able to stop the sale of all of your information. The CCPA’s definition of “personal information” does not include information lawfully made available from government records, which are often sources used by data brokers.
You can also go to a data broker’s website through the link posted on the Registry and find the broker’s privacy policy to learn more about its privacy practices and how to exercise your CCPA rights.
Back To Top
Other Consumer Resources on CCPA
California Privacy Protection Agency’s FAQ on the CCPA
Consumer-Action.org
Take action! Exercise your rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act
Back To Top
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) Home
CCPA Enforcement Case Examples
File a Complaint
CCPA Regulations
CCPA Opt-Out Icon
Preliminary Rulemaking Activities
Global Privacy Control (GPC)
Privacy and Data Security
Privacy and Data Security Home
Business Privacy Resources
California Consumer Privacy Act
Consumer Privacy Resources
Data Breaches
Identity Theft
Privacy Enforcement Actions
Report a Breach
Protecting Children Online
Resources for Law Enforcement
Special Protection
Data Brokers
Data Broker Listing
Original text
Rate this translation
Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate