Yoga Vision
Sri Swami Satyananda Saraswati is a visionary whose mission has been the
							development of an integrated yoga system and holistic lifestyle. Yoga sadhanas
							developed by Sri Swami Satyananda Saraswati and the Bihar School of Yoga
							aim to integrate all levels of human life and experience.
Know More
Yoga for
Everyone
Yoga for
Community
Health for
Everyone
Ashram for
Everyone
Bihar School of Yoga
Bihar School of Yoga, located at Ganga Darshan Vishwa Yogapeeth, Munger, is
							the karma bhumi of Sri Satyananda Saraswati, declared by him to be the
							epicenter of the yogic renaissance in the 21st century. It is a spiritual
							lighthouse, shining the light of yoga for the benefit of all.
Know More
Visit
Training
Info & News
Yoga Outreach
Bihar School of Yoga - Calendar
Bihar School of Yoga - Calendar 2025 Events
and Trainings.
Know More
Yoga Research Foundation
Yoga Research Foundation is a scientific research institute which aims to
							provide an accurate assessment of a practices within a scientific
							framework, and to establish yoga as an essential science for human
							development.
Know More
Bihar Yoga Bharati
Bihar Yoga Bharati is an Institute for Advanced Studies in Yogic Sciences,
							dedicated to the study of yoga in an ashram environment, providing a spiritual
							oasis in the material and technological desert of the 21st century.
Know More
Yoga Publications Trust
Yoga Publications Trust aims to disseminate and propagate the teachings of
							the Bihar Yoga tradition, and presents the wisdom of sages and seers of all
							times in a practical and accessible manner for aspirants of today.
Know More
Visit Our Digital Library
Download The Bihar Yoga Apps
Know More
Satyam Yoga Prasad
Visit Our Digital Library
Blessed Self,
Hari Om.
A new class of the Satyananda Yoga series 3 is being release. Now, the
complete Satyananda Yoga series 3 is available for yoga practitioners
who are familiar and comfortable with the Introductory and Intermediate
series, and would like to deepen their experiences of their practices.
The Satyananda Yoga series 3 is available
[here]
Satyandana Yoga series 1 and series 2 are available
[here]
Om Tat Sat.