heart
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) explains how your personal information is collected, used, and disclosed by Huckleberry Labs, Inc. (“Huckleberry,” “we,” “us,” or “our”). This Privacy Policy applies to users of Huckleberry’s website with links to this Privacy Policy including
www.huckleberrycare.com
,
www.huckleberry-labs.com
and
www.huckleberrysleep.com
; our applications on the web, mobile phones, or tablets; and any and all data or information related to or derived from your personal interaction with us. The website and the applications are referred to collectively as the “Products” in this document.
For this Privacy Policy, the following definitions apply:
“Personal Information” means information that allows someone to identify or contact you, including for example your name, address, telephone number, and email address.
“Anonymous Information” means data that is not associated with or linked to your Personal Information; Anonymous Information does not, by itself, permit the identification of individual persons. Capitalized terms used in this Privacy Policy but not defined in this Privacy Policy have the meanings given to them in the Huckleberry
Terms of Use
(the “Terms of Use”).
By registering with us or using our Products, you expressly consent to the information handling practices in this Privacy Policy. If you reside outside the United States, you understand that your Personal Information may be processed in countries (including the United States) where laws regarding processing Personal Information may be less stringent than in your country.
Information That We Collect About You or Your Child
As we are an application and service that helps improve the wellness of young children (including, but not limited to, behavior, feeding, bathroom, activities, temperament, personality and the length and quality of their sleep), we must collect some information about them. We will also collect some information about you, the child’s parent or guardian, since you will be the user of the Products.
Information About You That We Collect From You
When you register for one of our Products, we ask you for and collect your name, email address, and password for your Account.
Information that we may ask for about your child used strictly and confidentially to provide the sleep and behavioral improvement services are:
Your child’s name.
Your child’s age and birthdate.
Your child’s gender.
The time zone where your child resides.
Your child’s daily activities including but not limited to:
Your child’s sleep patterns and how he or she falls asleep or wakes up.
How your child is cared for during the day.
Scheduling information such as when your child eats meals, activities, when the child gets ready for bed and when the child is first put down to sleep.
Your child’s eating habits and feeding schedules.
Temperament.
Bathroom habits.
Other child development and behavioral improvement markers and behaviors.
Information that you voluntarily provide to us about your child.
Any and all information about your child will only be used in the context of providing services through the Products and will be held in the strictest confidence.
If you choose to register for one of our Products with Facebook, we will collect your name and email address from Facebook, and any other information provided or disclosed to you during the Facebook registration process.
Specific Products may ask you for and collect additional information, such as your date of birth or phone number (to assist with customer service).
If you choose to add information to your user profile, we will collect that information.
When you register for our newsletter, we ask you for and collect your name and email address.
If you choose to participate in a survey, we may ask for and collect other requested information, such as your opinion of Huckleberry or your phone number.
If you choose to contact us by sending us an email, fax, or letter, we collect your email address, fax number, or mailing address, and any information contained in the email, fax, or letter you send us.
When you pay for one of our Products, we collect your complete credit card or other payment method information. We do not store such information.
Information About You That Is Created When You Use Our Products
When you use our Products, we record certain information automatically, for example your Internet protocol (“IP”) address, browser type and plugins, operating systems, screen size and resolution, the time and date at which you access our Products, and an estimate of your geographic location.
When you use our Products, we record actions you have taken in our Products, for example what buttons you click; events that occur; and your usage, progress, and performance data.
How We Get and Store Information About You
Our website uses “Cookies” and other standard web technology to enable our Products to work. A “Cookie” is a small data file that we store on your computer. We may use session Cookies (which expire once you close your browser) or persistent Cookies (which remain on your computer for an extended period of time). We set a persistent Cookie on your computer, so you don't have to log in to the web site each time you visit and to automatically populate personal profile information as well as provide personalization of the website including in other apps of our Products if you choose to open an account in more than one app in our Products. Most web browsers accept Cookies by default, but allow users to reject Cookies by changing the browser preferences. If you have set up your browser to reject Cookies, our Products will not work properly. In addition, our Products may cause Cookies from third party sites or applications to be saved on your browser or device. Our Privacy Policy does not cover these third party Cookies since we do not have any control over them. Finally, we may partner with third parties to manage our advertising on other sites. More specifically, we may use Google, Microsoft, Facebook or other providers to place advertisements on different sites across the Internet. Such third parties may use technologies such as Cookies to gather information about your activities on the Products and other sites you visit in order to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests.
Our emails to you use email beacons or tracking pixels. Email beacons and tracking pixels are small electronic images that tell us if an email has been opened and acted upon.
Our Products on mobile phones and tablets store information about you on your mobile phone or tablet.
Our Products store information about you on computer servers and databases managed by us and hosted by several third party companies.
How We Use Information About You
We use your Personal Information to provide our service to you, to personalize your experience with our Products, to improve our Products, and to secure your Account.
We may use your Personal Information to send you transactional emails (such as a password reset), informational emails (such as a newsletter), and promotional emails (such as a special offer).
We may create Anonymous Information from your Personal Information, for example by making a copy of the data collected by or created in our Products that is not linked to your Personal Information. We reserve the right to use and disclose Anonymous Information at our discretion.
We may use Anonymous Information to conduct scientific studies, and we may publish the results, for example at scientific conferences or in research journals. We do not use Personal Information in such work, nor do we disclose Personal Information in the conduct of such work.
We may use personal information and data collected in one app to automatically populate our other apps should you choose to open an account in more than one app of our Products.
How We Disclose Information About You
Except as otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy, we do not trade, rent, or share your Personal Information with third parties, unless you ask or authorize us to do so.
Situations Where We Disclose Personal Information About You With Specific Protections For You To Ensure Our Products Work And You Can Use Them Properly
We may provide your Personal Information to third party service providers who work on behalf of or with us to provide functionality to our Products, such as complementary sleep or behavioral services, email services and web analytics services. These service providers are obligated to use your Personal Information only to provide services to us and not to disclose your Personal Information (except pursuant to a legal requirement such as a subpoena or warrant).
If you use our Products in a language that is not English, we may work with certain organizations ("Localization Partners") to provide technical support to you in that language. We may share your Personal Information with the Localization Partner so that they can provide technical support to you. These Localization Partners are obligated to use your Personal Information only to provide technical support to you and not to disclose your Personal Information (except pursuant to a legal requirement such as a subpoena or warrant). You can contact us at support@huckleberry-labs.com to identify any Localization Partners that provide support to you, and who as a result has access to your Personal Information. At your request, we will change the language in which you use our Products to remove you from any Localization Partners; however this may mean that you will no longer have access to our Products in your preferred language.
Specific Business Deals May Require Us to Share Your Personal Information
We may share personal information when we do a business deal, or negotiate a business deal, involving the sale or transfer of all or a part of our business or assets. These deals can include any merger, financing, acquisition, or bankruptcy transaction or proceeding.
Situations Where We Are Required To Disclose Your Personal Information
We may be required by law, or by law enforcement officers acting under the color of law, to record some or all of your communications on or through the Products. We may, and you hereby authorize us to, disclose your Personal Information (including your Account information) and your communications through the Products, if required by law or by law enforcement officers acting under the color of law, or if we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to: (a) comply with relevant laws or to respond to subpoenas or warrants served on us; (b) to protect and defend the rights, property or safety of us, our Affiliates, other users, or you; or (c) to investigate any violation or potential violation of the law, this Privacy Policy, the Terms of Use, or any other agreements between you and Huckleberry.
Your Choices Regarding Your Personal Information
We offer you choices regarding the collection, use, and sharing of your Personal Information.
You can manage your email preferences, indicating that you want or do not want to receive informational emails (such as a newsletter), or promotional emails (such as a special offer). As long as you maintain an Account with us, you will receive transactional emails (such as a password reset, or notices of material changes to our Terms of Use or this Privacy Policy).
You can manage your browser's Cookies using the tools your browser provides, and you can opt-out of third-party vendor's use of cookies (including advertising networks like Google) by visiting
the network Advertising Initiative opt-out page
.
You may change the information you submitted for your Account either in the Products or by contacting us at support@huckleberry-labs.com. You may request deletion of your Personal Information by us, but please note that we may be required (by law or otherwise) to keep this information and not delete it (or to keep this information for a certain time, in which case we will comply with your deletion request, only after we have fulfilled such requirements). If you have an Account in more than one product or app in our product lines, and request deletion of your Personal Information in a particular product or app, note that we will only delete the Personal Information you provided for that particular app or product (and keep the Personal Information you provided for other products or apps where you have an active account).  If you wish to delete all of your Personal Information from each product or app, you must go into each product or app individually to request deletion of your Personal Information from that specific product or app. When we delete Personal Information, it will be deleted from the active database. When we delete your Personal Information, we will retain data derived from your use of the Products as Anonymous Information that is no longer linked to your deleted Personal Information
Regarding Children
Except as to the collection of data regarding your child to effectively use our Products (as set forth above), our Products are not directed to individuals under 13 and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 except as to that information that is voluntarily provided by a child’s parent or guardian to run and improve the Products. This is different from information that may be provided by children under the age of 13. If you become aware that a child has provided us with personal information, please contact us at support@huckleberry-labs.com.
If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we will take steps to delete such information immediately. Any and all information about your child will only be used in the context of providing services through the Products and will be held in the strictest confidence.
Do Not Track Compliance
We do track your use of the Products over time because such tracking is required for us to track your progress through the Products and provide you with functionality in the Products that are tailored to you. Therefore our Products do not respond to Do Not Track (“DNT”) signals. We do not track the users of our Products across third party websites to provide targeted advertising directly to those websites. We do use advertising networks to present ads on third party sites, and those advertising networks and those third party sites may keep track of your browsing activities when they serve you content, which enables them to tailor what they present to you. (For more information, see the section entitled “How We Get and Store Information About You”, above.) If you are visiting such advertising networks or third party sites, your browser allows you to set the DNT signal so those groups (particularly advertisers) know you do not want to be tracked. You can find out more about your browser’s tracking capabilities and procedures for asking not to be tracked by contacting the developer or distributor of your particular browser.
Third Party Websites, Products, Services, Content, and Links.
Please be aware that the terms of our Privacy Policy do not apply to third party websites, products, services, or content or to links provided for the foregoing on our Sites or Products. Third party providers of such third party websites, products, services, or content, may collect (via tracking technologies like Cookies or web beacons) and use information regarding your interaction with the third party website, product, service, or content that they deliver and with which you interact.
Security
We make reasonable efforts to protect your Personal Information, but no company, including Huckleberry, can fully eliminate security risks connected to handling information on the Internet.
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT SECURITY SAFEGUARDS, BY THEIR NATURE, ARE CAPABLE OF CIRCUMVENTION AND HUCKLEBERRY DOES NOT AND CANNOT GUARANTEE THAT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION WILL NOT BE ACCESSED BY UNAUTHORIZED PERSONS CAPABLE OF OVERCOMING SUCH SAFEGUARDS. IN PARTICULAR, OUR PRODUCTS MAY BE USED TO ACCESS AND TRANSFER INFORMATION, INCLUDING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION, OVER THE INTERNET. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT HUCKLEBERRY DOES NOT OPERATE OR CONTROL THE INTERNET AND THAT UNAUTHORIZED USERS (SUCH AS HACKERS) MAY USE VIRUSES, WORMS, TROJAN HORSES, AND OTHER UNDESIRABLE DATA AND SOFTWARE TO OBTAIN ACCESS TO OR DAMAGE OUR SITES, PRODUCTS, OR YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION.
Furthermore, we cannot be responsible for any of your Personal Information that you release on your own, or that you request or authorize us to release.
Amendment
This Privacy Policy may be amended by Huckleberry from time to time. If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by posting the revised Privacy Policy on our Sites or notifying you at your primary email address (if any, as specified in your Account information). You are responsible at all times for updating your Account to provide to us your most current email address. If the last email address that you have provided to us is not valid, or for any reason is not capable of delivering to you the notice described above, our dispatch of the email containing such notice will nonetheless constitute effective notice of the changes described in the notice. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will be effective immediately for new users of our Products, Products, or Offerings; otherwise these changes will be effective upon the earlier of five (5) calendar days following our dispatch of an email notice to you or five (5) calendar days following our posting of a notice on our Products. Your continued use of our Products five (5) calendar days after the changes are first notified by Huckleberry as described above will constitute your agreement to such changes. If you object to any change, your sole recourse shall be to immediately terminate your Account and cease using the Products. Except as otherwise provided in this Section, no amendment to this Privacy Policy will be valid.
Our Contact Information
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us by email at support@huckleberry-labs.com or by writing to us at Huckleberry Labs, Inc., 15615 Alton Parkway, Suite 450, Irvine, California 92618, United States of America, in each case marking the message “Attention: Privacy Policy.”
Huckleberry Labs Privacy Policy and Your Privacy Rights
Updated: October 11, 2022
text-bg
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. By using this site, you consent to the use of cookies being set.
Find out more
OK