Beautypass
Models
Business
Guidelines
Business Login
Get Started
Privacy Policy
Effective on:
03/01/2025
1.
PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy explains how Beautypass ("BP") may collect, use, and disclose information we obtain through the Service. All other terms not defined herein will have the meanings set forth in the Agreement.
Personal Information" means information that alone or when in combination with other information may be used to readily identify, contact, or locate you, such as: name, address, email address, or phone number, your physical appearance, your photos, facial photos, body, photos of facial fragments or body parts, like any other information that you, from time to time and at any time, make publicly available through any social network or platform, We do not consider Personal Information to include information that has been anonymized so that it does not allow a third-party to easily identify a specific individual.
We collect information, including Personal Information, when you register to use the App, list your social networking credentials in your profile, use the App and communicate with us.
When you use or visit BP you provide us with two types of information: personal information you knowingly choose to disclose that is collected by us and Site use information collected by us as you interact with our Site. When you register with Beautypass, you provide us with relevant information, such as contact person, email address, telephone number, address and any other information that you provide to us.
When you visit the App, we and our third-party service providers receive and record information on our server logs from your browser, including your IP address, and from cookies and similar technology. Cookies are small text files placed in visitors' computer browsers to store their preferences. Most browsers allow you to block and delete cookies. However, if you do that, the Service may not work properly.
We use session ID cookies to confirm that users are logged in. These cookies terminate once the user closes the browser. By default, we use a persistent cookie that stores your login ID (but not your password) to make it easier for you to login when you come back to Beautypass. You can remove or block this cookie using the settings in your browser if you want to disable this convenience feature. When you use Beautypass, you may set up your personal profile, send messages, perform searches and queries, form groups, set up events, add applications, and transmit information through various channels. We collect this information so that we can provide you the service and offer personalized features. When you update information, we usually keep a backup copy of the prior version for a reasonable period of time to enable reversion to the prior version of that information. You post Personal Information on the App at your own risk. Although we allow you to set options that limit access to your pages, please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. We cannot control the actions of other members with whom you share your Personal Information. Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that Personal Information you post on the App will not be viewed by unauthorized persons. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the App/Site. You understand and acknowledge that, even after removal, copies of Personal Information may remain viewable in cached and archived pages or if other members have copied or stored your Personal Information. Any improper collection or misuse of information provided on Beautypass is a violation of our T&C and should be reported to info@beautypass.app . Beautypass App may also collect information about you from other sources, such as newspapers, blogs, instant messaging services, and other users of the Beautypass service through the operation of the service (e.g., photo tags) in order to provide you with more useful information and a more personalized experience. By using Beautypass, you are consenting to have your personal data transferred to and processed in USA.
You agree to share information about your relationship with certain BP Spots with all and any BP members, which specifically implies your impressions of a particular BP Spot, information about which BP Spot you are visiting and the location where the BP spot is located.
Personal information collection. If you register to use the Service, you must provide us with certain Personal Information, such as your name, photos, information about work engagement and work experience and email address. You also must provide us with a scanned copy of your driver's license, passport or other similar documentation to help us verify your identity. You may also provide other optional information. We collect personal information, including physical addresses, only when voluntarily provided by users for specific purposes such as collaborations requiring the shipment of physical goods by business partners. Users are not required to provide an address to access other app features.
Third-Party Data Providers: Beautypass may engage third-party service providers to supply us with publicly available data on users for purposes such as analytics, marketing, or improving our services. This data may include information obtained from social media platforms or other publicly accessible sources. While this data is obtained from publicly available sources, we treat it in accordance with this Privacy Policy and take measures to ensure its lawful and responsible use. Please note that our use of third-party data is subject to the terms and conditions of our agreements with these providers and their privacy policies. We ensure that any third-party providers we engage are compliant with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) to safeguard the privacy and rights of our users.
Disclosure of Address Data: Beautypass does not sell, rent, or share user address information with any third parties, except as necessary to facilitate collaborations (e.g., sharing with a business partner fulfilling a shipping request). Businesses receive this information only after users voluntarily provide their address when submitting a collaboration request.
Social Sign-On. We collect Personal Information from a social media website when you use your social media accounts to log into the Service. For example, when you log in with your Facebook, Instagram, or other social media accounts, we may collect the Personal Information you have made publicly available on Facebook, Instagram and/or other social media platforms which you are a registered member of, such as your name, profile picture. Only in case you specifically authorized the upload, we will also collect data and pictures and other multimedia contents you made available to us which may not be (fully or partly) publicly available in Social Network, such us private galleries and albums.
Using the service. We collect information you post through the Service. For example, when you interact with us by sending a mail, the Service will collect the information you provide in such communication, including any Personal Information.
Making payments. When you make payments through the Service, you may need to provide Personal Information to our third-party service providers, such as your credit card number. Payment will be according to the trading terms of Stripe (www.stripe.com) and may be made by debit or credit card.
Customer support. We may collect Personal Information through your communications with our customer-support team.
Location information. We may obtain information about your physical location when you use the Service, the exact location and address of the BP Spot in which you are located and all the information about it such as by use of GPS and other location features in the device(s) through which you access the Service, or by inference from other information we collect (for example, your IP address indicates the general geographic region from which you are connecting to the Internet). Cookies, automatic data collection, and related technologies. The Service collects and stores information that is generated automatically as you use it, including your preferences and anonymous usage statistics. By using the Service, you are authorizing us to gather, parse, and retain data related to the provision of the Service.
We use information, including Personal Information, to:
  •  facilitate and improve our services;
  •  and communicate with you and other BP members.
We may use aggregate information for any purpose, including for marketing purposes. Internal and service-related usage. We use information, including Personal Information, for internal and service-related purposes only and may provide it to third parties to allow us to facilitate the Service. We may use and retain any data we collect to provide and improve the Service. Communications. We may send emails to the email address you provide to us to verify your account and for informational and operational purposes, such as account management, customer service, or system maintenance.
2.
Types of Information We Collect
Personal Information
We collect information that identifies you as an individual, which may include:
Your name, email address, phone number, and physical address.
Your profile information, including photographs and descriptions.
Social media account details.
Demographic Information
We may also collect non-identifying demographic data, such as:
Gender, age, interests, and other information to enhance user experience.
Location data from your device settings or IP address to suggest nearby venues and services.
Profile Picture Data
We collect and process profile pictures submitted as part of your account creation. Profile pictures are used to:
Personalize your profile within the Beautypass platform.
Facilitate interactions with businesses and members.
Verify your identity during offer redemptions at partner venues. Your profile picture is displayed on the in-app ticket shown to venue partners.
Retention and Sharing
Profile pictures are securely stored as long as your account remains active.
Profile pictures are not shared with third parties except:
As required to facilitate services (e.g., verification by partner venues).
As mandated by applicable law or legal processes.
No Biometric Processing
Beautypass does not use profile pictures for facial recognition, biometric identification, or any similar purpose.
User Rights
You may update your profile picture anytime via account settings. However, maintaining a profile picture is a requirement for using Beautypass. If you wish to delete your profile picture, you must deactivate your account by contacting legal@beautypass.app.
Use of Addresses: Beautypass collects and stores physical addresses solely to facilitate the shipping of products by business partners during collaborations. This occurs when users request products and businesses fulfill those requests by shipping items to the provided address. Beautypass does not use this information for any other purpose.
3.
Identification
We will use any documentation that you provide to us to verify your identity for that sole purpose.
Marketing. We may use information, including Personal Information, to facilitate transmittal of information that may be useful, relevant, valuable or otherwise of interest to you, to promote your image or to enhance our cooperation and the visibility of the App.
Aggregate data. We may anonymize and aggregate data collected through the Service and use it for any purpose.
We may share your information:
  •  with our third-party service providers;
  •  with other BP members to comply with legal obligations;
  •  to protect and defend our rights and property and with your permission. We do not rent, sell, or share Personal Information about you with other people or nonaffiliated companies for their direct marketing purposes, unless we have your permission. We Use Vendors and Service Providers. We may share any information we receive with vendors and service providers retained in connection with the provision of the Service. For example, when you make payments through the Service, we will share your credit card number with our third-party payment processor. Displaying to other members. The content you post to the App may be displayed on the App. Other member of BP will be able to see some information about you, such as your name, photos, your relationship with BP Spot, and other relevant information. We are not responsible for privacy practices of the other members who will view and use the posted information. Accordingly, we recommend that you carefully consider what you post to the Service before doing so to guard your anonymity and sensitive information. Social networking and other websites. The Service may allow you to share information, including Personal Information, with social networking platforms such as Facebook, Instagram and etc. We do not share your Personal Information with them unless you direct the Service to share it. Their use of the information will be governed by their privacy policies, and you may be able to modify your privacy settings on their websites. Marketing. We do not rent, sell, or share Personal Information about you with other people or nonaffiliated companies for their direct marketing purposes, unless we have your permission. We may allow access to other data collected by the Service to facilitate transmittal of information that may be useful, relevant, valuable or otherwise of interest to you.
As required by law and similar disclosures. We may access, preserve, and disclose your Personal Information, other account information, and content if we believe doing so is required or appropriate to: comply with law enforcement requests and legal process, such as a court order or subpoena; respond to your requests; or protect yours', ours' or others' rights, property, or safety. Merger, sale, or other asset transfers. If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, sale of company assets, or transition of service to another provider, then your information may be sold or transferred as part of such a transaction as permitted by law and/or contract. The use of your Personal Information following any of the foregoing events should be governed by the provisions of this Privacy Policy in effect at the time such Personal Information was collected.
We may also disclose your Personal Information with your permission.
4.
Security of your information
We do not accept liability for unintentional disclosure. Your account information is located on a secured server behind a firewall. When you enter sensitive information (such as credit card number or your password), we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology. It is however each member's responsibility; to protect against unauthorized access to your details; to ensure against use by anyone else of the Beautypass service through the machine that member uses while they are logged on to the Beautypass service; to log off or exit from the Beautypass service when not using it; and to keep her/his password secret. Because email and instant messaging are not recognized as secure communications, we request that you not send private information to us by email or instant messaging services. If you have any questions about the security of Beautypass App form, please contact us at: info@beautypass.app.
By using the App or providing Personal Information to us, you agree that we may communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of the Service. If we learn of a security system's breach, we may attempt to notify you electronically by posting a notice on the App or sending an e-mail to you. You may have a legal right to receive this notice in writing. To receive free written notice of a security breach (or to withdraw your consent from receiving electronic notice), please notify us at: info@beautypass.app
Security Measures: Beautypass employs best industry practices to protect personal information, including encryption and secure storage protocols, to safeguard physical addresses. While no system can guarantee absolute security, Beautypass takes reasonable and appropriate steps to prevent unauthorized access, loss, or misuse of any personal data.
We do not knowingly collect information from persons under 18 and we do not want it. We will take steps to delete it if we learn we have collected it. We do not knowingly collect, maintain, or use Personal Information from persons under 18 years of age, and no part of the App is directed to persons under the age of 18. If you are under 18, please do not attempt to register in Beautypass or send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under age 18 may provide any personal information to or on Beautypass. If you learn that your child has provided us with Personal Information without your consent, you may alert us at info@beautypass.app.
If we learn that we have collected any Personal Information from persons under 18, we will promptly take steps to delete such information and terminate the minor's account.
5.
Members and International Users
By choosing to visit the App/Site or otherwise provide information to us, you agree that any dispute over privacy or the terms contained in this Privacy Policy will be governed by the law of the United States of America and the adjudication of any disputes arising in connection with Beautypass or our Service will be in accordance with the TCs. If you are visiting from the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use, please note that you are agreeing to the transfer of your information to the United States and processing globally. By providing your information, you consent to any transfer and processing in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Changing, removing and updating your information or pose a question or suggestion and control over most personal information on Beautypass is readily available through the profile editing tools. If you want to delete your account please send your e-mail to legal@beautypass.app and we will do it for you immediately upon receiving of your mail. Removed information will be totally deleted, but may persist in backup copies for a reasonable period of time but will not be generally available to other members. If you would like to update or correct any information that you have provided to us through your use of the Service or otherwise, or if you have suggestions for improving this Privacy Policy, please send an e-mail to info@beautypass.app
Control Over Address Information: Users retain full control over their address information. They may access, update, or delete their address through their app profile page. If a user requests account deletion, all address information will be permanently removed in accordance with Beautypass’s data retention policy.
Legal Compliance: Beautypass ensures that the collection, use, and storage of address information complies with applicable data protection laws, including but not limited to:
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR): For users in the European Economic Area (EEA).
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA): For U.S. residents in California.
Other Applicable Laws: Beautypass adheres to other international data protection laws relevant to the regions in which it operates.
6.
Changes to our Privacy Policy and practices
We may revise this Privacy Policy, so review it periodically. Posting of Revised Privacy Policy.  We will post any adjustments to the Privacy Policy on this web page and app, and the revised version will be effective when it is posted. If you are concerned about how your information is used, bookmark this page and read this Privacy Policy periodically.
New Uses of Personal Information. From time to time, we may desire to use Personal Information for uses not previously disclosed in our Privacy Policy. If our practices change regarding previously collected Personal Information in a way that would be materially less restrictive than stated in the version of this Privacy Policy in effect at the time we collected the information, we will make reasonable efforts to provide notice and obtain consent to any such uses as may be required by law.