Keto
diet tracker Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions
Our
Privacy Policy
By installing
our mobile application or in other way using or accessing our Services, you
accept the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy and the processing of
your personal data.
Information
about personal data we collect
When you use our
Services, among the personal data we may collect from you are: your email
address, first and last name, height, weight, percentage of fat, date of birth
and gender, activity type and personal goals. We may also, depending on your
use of the Services, collect personal data about your calorie intake, weight
loss goal/weight gain goal, activity/diet routines, your body measurements and
BMI.
In an ongoing
effort to improve our Services, additional personal data may be collected from
you. In such case, we will notify you when the personal data collection takes
place.
Our
use of your personal data
Your privacy is
important to us and we will only process your personal data in accordance with
this Privacy Policy.
We may use your
personal data for the purposes of providing, improving and to further develop
the Services, analyzing usage of the Services, providing customer support,
marketing by us or our selected business partners that help us to provide these
services. In case you do not want us to use your personal data for the purpose
of direct marketing, you may at any time opt-out from receiving any further
messages by clicking the "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of such a
message.
We will not
share your personal data with third parties without your permission, except in
the limited circumstances provided below. Personal data collected from you may
be shared with our affiliates, agents and business partners. We may disclose
your personal data in order to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation, if
we reasonably believe that this is required by law, regulation or other
legislation, or in order to protect and defend us, our business partners or
users’ rights and interests.
At times, some
of your personal data by may be transferred and processed in the United States
or any other country (some of which will be outside the EEA), in which we or our
affiliates, subsidiaries or service providers maintain facilities, but we will
always apply safeguards to protect your personal data from unauthorized
disclosure. By registering an account with us or using or Services you consent
to any such transfer of personal data outside the EEA. We may also transfer
your personal data in the event that our business (or part of it) is sold, for
instance as part of a merger or acquisition.
Data collected
via Health Kit will not be used by us for marketing and advertisement.
Security
of the personal data we process
The security and
integrity of your personal data is important to us. Therefore, we use generally
accepted industry standards, technologies and procedures, such as firewalls,
security software etc., in order to protect the integrity of your personal data
and to prevent any unauthorized access. However, no system can be 100% secure
and despite our efforts, there is always a risk of unauthorized access to your
personal data. By using our Services, you assume this risk.
Children
We do not
knowingly collect any personal data from children under the age of 13 and our
Services do not target children under 13. If you are under 13, please do not submit
any personal data through our Services. Further, we encourage parents and legal
guardians to monitor their children's Internet use and to help us in enforcing
our Privacy Policy by instructing their children to never provide any personal
data through our Service without their permission. If you become aware that a
child under the age of 13 has submitted personal data to us, please contact us
and we will do our best to delete that account from our database.
Changes
to our Privacy Policy
From time to time,
it may become necessary to make changes to this Privacy Policy. Therefore, we
reserve the right to update and/or modify this Privacy Policy at any time by
giving notice to you. Please review this Privacy Policy frequently, and
especially before you register an account with us. The date of the last
modification is listed at the bottom of this Privacy Policy.
Your
rights
You have the
right to ask what personal data that we hold about you and to ask us to update
and correct any out-of-date or incorrect personal data that we hold about you. We
are obliged to once per annum provide you with a notification, free of charge,
of whether personal data concerning you is processed or not. If you wish to
exercise this right, please contact us. An application shall be made in writing
and must be signed by you.
Contact
We may
communicate with you by email and notices posted in your mobile device, and through
support tickets in mobile app. If you do not wish to receive notices in your
mobile device, you can always turn off this service. Please be aware that if
you unsubscribe from our mailing list you will still be receiving answers to
your questions sent to our support but you will not be receiving promotional
emails.
We welcome your
feedback regarding our Services. If you have any questions or suggestions
regarding our Privacy Policy, please contact us at support@ke.to.
Last Updated: 09
Feb 2017
KETO
DIET TRACKER TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Valid
from 09 Feb 2017
Thank you for
using our products and services (the “Service/s”). By becoming a member or
using our Services you accept and agree to these Terms and Conditions
(“Terms”). Therefore, it is important that you carefully read through these
Terms. If you do not consent to these Terms, you should not register with us.
About
Keto diet tracker
It is a service
developed and provided by LAPPIR LTD. The service is available in the iPhone
App Store as "Keto diet tracker", in the Google Play Store as "Keto
diet tracker". The purpose of the Service is to help
our users to record what they eat and to track their health and weight progress.
Using
our Services
To use our
Services you must follow some simple rules. The Service is only available for
your private use and is not intended for commercial use. Do not misuse the
Services, so that anyone is harmed in any way. You may only use the Services as
permitted by law and these Terms. By using our Services, you agree that:
·
All
of the personal data provided by you is accurate and up to date.
·
You
are solely responsible for all activities on your account and all the content
that is uploaded and/or created under your account (“User Material”).
·
We
do not monitor the contents of the Service, but may at any time choose, at its
sole discretion, to remove User Material from the Service and/or your user
account and to terminate your account and membership.
·
Your
membership is personal and may not be transferred or used by someone else. You
are responsible for storing your login details in a safe manner. We are not in
any way responsible for any loss or damage caused by unauthorized access to
your account or use of your login details. If you learn of or suspect any
unauthorized use of your account, you must immediately inform us. Contact details
are available at the bottom of this document.
·
Keto
diet tracker apps are not intended for use by persons under the age of 13. To
use our apps, you must be at least 13 years old.
·
Violation
of any of these Terms will lead to a direct termination of your user account
and subscription. If you violate these terms, you will not get a refund.
·
You
may not engage in any commercial activities, advertise and/or provide hints
(such as links) on where commercial activities are present through our
Services.
·
You
may not contribute with any propaganda, religious and/or political views, or
contribute with information which in any way contains or involves incitement to
racial hatred, child pornography or pornography through the use of our
Services. Further, you may not defame, harass or offend other people through
the use of our Services.
·
If
you have any criticism or feedback regarding our mobile applications or our
Services, to firstly contact us to help us to improve our Services.
·
You
may not transmit, and/or distribute files that may damage any computers or
property (such as viruses and
trojans
).
·
You
may not share others’ personal information, without their approval.
Your
account
You can at any
time choose to cancel/end your account at your convenience. Please note that
uninstalling the mobile application or closing your account will not
automatically stop your subscription — you must actively cancel the
subscription. Please note that if you have subscribed to Keto diet tracker
through the use of App Store, Google Play Store, or any other such service
provider, you can only cancel your subscription through the use of their
services. To find out how to cancel the subscription and/or your account,
please follow the instructions in the app or on the website. Special terms and
conditions apply to PRO membership.
Health
and nutritional information
You are
responsible for your own health. We are not a medical organization and we will
not provide you with any medical advice or diagnosis. The purpose of the
Services is solely to help our users to record what they eat, and to track
their health, weight and fitness progress. Information made available through
the Services and by our partners and affiliates shall solely be used for
recreational and educational purposes. Always consult with your doctor before
starting a diet or fitness program or if you experience any pain or discomfort.
We cannot guarantee any health, weight and/or fitness results or improvements.
Our Services are only intended for healthy adults, and please do not use our
Services if you suffer from, or might suffer from, any medical condition that
may be impaired by diet or exercise.
Nutritional
information found in our database has not been verified, investigated or
reviewed, we cannot guarantee that the nutritional information provided in our
database is accurate, reliant or complete. We are not responsible for any
personal injury or any other damages that may have been the result, direct or
indirect, of any use or misuse of the Services.
PRO membership
This section
only applies when you purchase and/or subscribe to PRO membership or other paid
products. By paying the subscription fee you get access to PRO membership
during the time your subscription is valid, subject to these Terms. You may
also choose to make a one-time payment for the membership
All
subscriptions are paid in advance.
You may at any
time terminate your membership, in which case your membership will still be
valid for the subscription time you have already paid for. If you have
subscribed to Keto diet tracker through the use of App Store, Google Play
Store, or any other such service provider, using in-app purchase, you can only
cancel your subscription through the use of their services. Subscription fees
can be found in the mobile application. We reserve the right to change the
subscription fees from time to time.
You
hereby consent to start using the Services immediately upon subscribing with
Keto diet tracker PRO membership or other paid products. All payments handled
by Apple, such as in-app purchases, can only be refunded by Apple and with
Apple’s consent. If you would like to contact Apple, please
click here.
Default in payment shall not be deemed as a termination of a PRO subscription.
Intellectual
property
All rights in
and to the Services, including any trademarks, service marks, trade names and
copyrighted content (collectively “Intellectual Property”) presented within the
Service are the property of LAPPIR LTD and/or third parties. You agree not to
use Intellectual Property for any other purposes except for your use of the
Service, unless required otherwise by applicable mandatory law.
By submitting
User Material to us, you warrant and represent that you hold the copyright,
trademark and/or other intellectual property rights to your content. You agree
to grant us a non-exclusive, transferable, sub-licensable, royalty-free,
worldwide license to use User Material to the extent necessary for our
applications to operate and maintain the Service. This license shall remain
valid until the respective User Material is deleted from the Service by you or
by us in accordance with these Terms.
Disclaimer
and limitation of liability
You use the
Service at your own risk. The Service is provided “AS IS”, without any
warranties, and we do not warrant that the Service and availability thereof
will be uninterrupted or error free. We do not assume any responsibility for
errors or omissions in the information or software or other documents,
including User Material, which are referenced by or linked to. References or
links to third parties' websites are provided "AS IS" without
warranty of any kind, either express or implied.
In no event
shall we be liable for any indirect or consequential damages, except in cases
of intentional misconduct or gross negligence. To the maximum extent permitted
under applicable law, our aggregated liability for any direct damages shall be
limited to the lesser of: (
i
) membership fees paid by
the user; (ii) membership fees paid by the user during the previous calendar
year.
Miscellaneous
For the sake of
clarity, we do not undertake the obligation to monitor the contents of User
Material.
You are not
entitled to assign your rights and/or obligations under these Terms or use of
the Service to any third party without our prior written consent. We are
entitled to assign our rights and/or obligations under these Terms.
We reserve the
right to refuse the Service to anyone for any reason at any time. We may revise
these Terms from time to time and the most current version will always be
posted on LAPPIR website (www.lappir.com). Any and all material changes shall
become into effect between you and us upon your acceptance of such changes
(e.g. by using the Services after such notification has been made to you or
renewing your subscription).
Governing
law and dispute resolution
These Terms and
the use of the Services are governed by the laws of Russian Federation, except
for its conflicts of laws principles. All claims arising out of or relating to
these Terms or the Service shall be resolved by the public Russian courts.
Contact
details
For further
information, inquiries or assistance you may contact us. Customer Service is
available in ways specified on the website or in the apps. The channels for
support might differ from time-to-time.
Contact
Information
support@ke.to