This Privacy Policy applies to All Football. ('We', 'Us', or 'Our'). The collection, use, disclosure, and protection of information gathered through All Football 's Web sites (hereinafter 'Web sites' or 'Sites') and through All Football mobile applications (hereinafter 'Apps') is defined under the terms of this policy. All Football is committed to protecting the confidentiality and security of information it collects through its Web sites and Apps. Please read the following carefully. Your use of the Web sites and Apps is governed by this Privacy Policy, along with All Football 's Terms of Service.
PERSONAL INFORMATION – NO COLLECTION, USE, OR DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
NON-PERSONAL INFORMATION
'Personal Information' refers to information that identifies you individually, such as your name, address, email address, phone number, financial account number, social security number, or driver's license number.Currently, Web sites and Apps do not collect Personal Information.
We collect Non-Personal Information, which, alone, cannot be used to identify you. Examples of Non-Personal Information include page views, unique views, average time on the Web site or using Apps, browsers, and operating systems.
Non-Personal Information is passively collected, which means that it is collected without you having to do anything, using the following tracking technologies:
Cookies
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your browser, either for the duration of your Web site session (called "session" cookies) or more permanently (called "persistent" cookies). Anonymous identifiers are sometimes used in place of cookies on mobile devices which may not support cookie technology.
You may opt to enable a feature on your browser that will erase cookies, block all cookies, or warn you before cookies are stored or exchanged. Please be aware, however, that some parts of the Web sites may no longer function properly if cookies are disabled.
Pixel Tags/Web Beacons and Web Logs
Pixel tags, also known as web beacons, function similarly to cookies. A pixel tag is an invisible, one pixel-sized piece of code which transmits certain information to Our servers. They are placed on key pages, tools, and areas of the Web sites and Apps. When a visitor requests, visits, and/or clicks on anything that includes a pixel tag, the information about the visitor's action is recorded in a web log.
We will use your Non-Personal Information in one or more of the following ways:
To fulfill a request or provide you with services;
In the aggregate to help us evaluate and modify existing services and to help us develop additional services that are likely to be of interest to our users;
As necessary for the Web sites or Apps to function properly;
To understand how people are using the Web sites or Apps;
To improve user experience;
To recognize repeat visitors and facilitate ongoing access to the Web sites or Apps.
MOBILE APPS
When you download or purchase an App you do so through a third party mobile application online store. You may be required to register with the mobile app store and be logged on before you can download or purchase an App. When downloading an App the app provider will typically collect certain device and app-related information.
Our Apps sometimes send push notifications, or notices of interest sent out to in the absence of a specific request, to your mobile device. In the event a All Football App uses push notifications, you are provided an opportunity to opt into receiving those push notifications. If you decline to accept push notifications, you will not receive push notifications, which means you may not receive the most current updates and features of the App.
Our Apps will collect precise information about the location of your mobile device, but you can opt-out by changing the settings on your mobile device. If you decline to share your location with the App, you may not receive the most accurate recommendations.
Our Apps do not collect the unique identification number assigned to your device by your operating system (sometimes called a UDID), or your contact list or address book, and do not collect any information on the contacts stored in your mobile device. This information will only be collected if it is necessary for the functioning of an App and will be disclosed to you prior to downloading the App.
You have the right of election when it comes to how Apps function on your mobile device. You may be able to:
manage push notifications by using your built-in mobile device settings and controls;
manage location information by using your built-in mobile device settings and controls;
manage/restrict in-app purchases by using your built-in mobile device settings and controls;
block navigation to the web by turning off network access on the device or turning off the browser.
Access to or availability of controls may vary depending on your device.
Social Network Log-In
You may use your Facebook log-in details to log-in to Our Apps. Facebook will share with Us, based on the Facebook privacy policy, the information available on your Facebook account, including, without limitation, your profile information, friends' names, photos, privacy settings and certain other information that will be explained to you (and authorized by you) during the App's log-in process. Please refer to the Facebook privacy policy and your privacy settings for more information. If you do not consent to this sharing, please do not log-in through Facebook.
CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
The Web sites and Apps offered are not directed at children who are under 18 years of age. It is All Football 's policy to require that individuals using the Web sites or downloading the App be 18 years of age or older.
DO NOT TRACK AND ONLINE BEHAVIORAL ADVERTISING
All Football does not engage in online behavioral advertising or tracking that tailors ads to you based on your visits to Our Web sites or your use of Our Apps. All Football does not respond to a browser's Do Not Track signal.
LINKS TO THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
Our Web sites and Apps may contain links to other websites and services. Any information that you provide on or to a third-party website or service is provided directly to the owner of the website or service and is subject to that party's privacy policy. Our Privacy Policy does not apply to such websites or services and we're not responsible for the content, privacy or security practices and policies of those websites or services. To protect your information, we recommend that you carefully review the privacy policies of other websites and services that you access.
SECURITY
We take reasonable measures to protect the information that we collect from or about you from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Please be aware, however, that no method of transmitting information over the Internet or storing information is completely secure. Accordingly, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of any information.
INFO DELETE
You have the right to ask for your personal information to be deleted.
· If you want to delete your All Football Account
You're able to delete your AF account at any time. This move will erase your personal information & most of the data from your account. Except for thirdparty-involved data & data deletion forbade by law. It also doesn't cover any comments published online.
Information to be deleted:
1. Account name & other info related to the account.
2. The teams/players/matches you've followed.
3. The traces of your participation in activities on AF.
4. Your browsing history on AF (articles, match lists, Stats).
5. Your purchase records.
6. Other data.
·How to delete your account
Cancel your account is an irreversible move! It's highly not recommended. But if you insist to do so...
Step 1:
Make sure you’re signed in to your AF account.
Step 2:
Click your portrait to enter the 'Modify Information' page.
Step 3:
Click 'Cancel Account' button to know the risks. Then confirm the move.
Note 1:
If your account is connected to Facebook or Twitter. They will be unbind when you delete your All Football account. When you log in with it again, a new AF account will be created.
Note 2:
If you can't remember your current password or encounter other problems. Please contact us by 'feedback' to fix them.
Note 3:
If you delete your account by mistake. Unfortunately, that move can't be undone, you’ll need to register for a new one.
CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY AND QUESTIONS
All Football reserves the right to modify, add or remove portions of this Privacy Policy at its sole discretion. If we decide to change this Privacy Policy, we will post those changes at this Site. Continued use of our Sites following any changes in our Privacy Policy indicates your consent to the use of newly submitted information in accordance with the amended Privacy Policy.