Seconds Interval Timer
HeavySet
Support
Runloop Privacy Policy
Welcome to Runloop Ltd’s privacy policy.
Runloop Ltd. respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal data. This privacy policy will inform you as to how we look after your personal data and tell you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you.
By downloading our Apps and/or continuing to use our Websites you are agreeing to this privacy policy.
It is important that you read this privacy policy together with any other privacy policy or fair processing statement we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing personal data about you so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your data. This privacy policy supplements other notices and privacy policies and is not intended to override them.
Please note that our Websites and Apps are not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children.
IMPORTANT INFORMATION AND WHO WE ARE
Controller
Runloop Ltd is the data controller and responsible for your personal data (collectively referred to as
"Runloop"
,
"we"
,
"us"
or
"our"
in this policy).
We have appointed a data privacy manager who is responsible for overseeing questions in relation to this policy.
If you have any questions in relation to this privacy policy please see below our contact details.
Changes to the privacy policy and your duty to inform us of changes
We keep our privacy policy under regular review. This version was last updated on 3 October 2018. Please refer back to our Websites from time to time to check for any modifications to this policy.
It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us.
Glossary
Apps:
our mobile applications, Seconds and HeavySet.
Consent:
means processing your personal data where you have signified your agreement by a statement or clear opt-in to processing for a specific purpose.  Consent will only be valid if it is freely given, specific, informed and an unambiguous indication of what you want.  You can withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us.
Device:
mobile telephone or handheld computing device.
Legitimate Interest:
means the interest of our business in conducting and managing our business to enable us to give you the best experience of our Apps and the best and most secure experience. We make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your personal data for our legitimate interests. We do not use your personal data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your Consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law). You can obtain further information about how we assess our legitimate interests against any potential impact on you in respect of specific activities by contacting us.
Third Parties:
Analytics providers;
App host providers;
Professional advisers acting as processors or joint controllers including lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers based in the United Kingdom; and
HM Revenue & Customs, regulators and other authorities acting as processors or joint controllers based in the United Kingdom.
Websites:
runloop.com
and
intervaltimer.com
.
THE DATA WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. It does not include data where the identity has been well removed (anonymous data).
We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you through:
The kinds of data we may collect about you are as follows:
Identity Data
includes first name, maiden name, last name, username or similar identifier, marital status, title, date of birth and gender.
Contact Data
includes email address and telephone number.
User Data
includes height, weight, heart rate, active and resting energy, exercise preferences, measurements such as type, speed, distances, sports level, workout logs and medical conditions, user name, password, social media profile, interests, preferences and feedback.
Location Data
.  Our App providers may use technology to determine your current location.  If you wish to use this feature, you will be asked to Consent to your data being used for this purpose. You can withdraw Consent by disabling Location Data in your settings on your Devices.
Device Data
includes the internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, type of Device you use, a unique device identifier (for example, your Device's IMEI number, the MAC address of the Device's wireless network interface, or the mobile phone number used by the Device), mobile network information, your mobile operating system and platform, the type of mobile browser you use, browser plug-in types and versions, time zone setting.
Usage Data
includes information about how you use our Websites and Apps.
Marketing and Communications Data
includes your preferences in receiving communications from us and our third parties and your communication preferences.
We also collect, use and share
Aggregated Data
such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated Data could be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as this data will
not
directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your Usage Data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific Website feature. However, if we combine or connect Aggregated Data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this privacy policy.
We collect
Special Categories of Personal Data
about you (this includes details about your health, and genetics).
We do not collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
Information we may receive from other sources including third parties.
We may receive personal data about you for example, User Data from Apple HealthKit.  This information is used to report back health data to the relevant user of our Apps.
We also receive personal data from our analytics providers.
If you fail to provide personal data
Where we need to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of a contract we have with you, and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you with optimum experience on our Apps).
WHY WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
Purposes for which we may use your personal data:
To install the App(s) and register you as a new App user. We may use Identity, Contact and Device Data with your Consent.
To manage our relationship with you which will include:
(a) Notifying you about changes to our terms or privacy policy;
(b) Notifying you of any changes to the App or any services; and
(c) Feedback your User data, in particular health related data.
We may use Identity, Contact, User, Marketing and Communications Data.  The legal basis for collecting this data would be either through your Consent and/or as required in order for us to comply with legal obligations (i.e. to inform you of any changes to our terms and conditions, to provide our Apps or services to you).
To administer and protect our business, Websites and Apps (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data). This requires Identity, Contact and Device Data.  This is necessary for our Legitimate Interests (i.e. for running our business, provision of administration and IT services, network security, to prevent fraud and in the context of a business reorganisation or group restructuring exercise).  This is also be necessary for us to comply with our legal obligations.
To deliver relevant Website and App content and advertisements to you and measure or understand the effectiveness of the advertising we serve to you. This involves the collection of Identity Contact, User, Usage, Marketing and Communications and Device Data. This is necessary for our Legitimate Interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them, to grow our business and to inform our marketing strategy).
To use data analytics to improve our Websites, Apps, marketing, products/services, customer relationships and experiences. For this, we collect Device, Usage and User Data. This is necessary for our Legitimate Interests (to define types of customers for our products and services, to keep our Websites and Apps updated and relevant, to develop our business and to inform our marketing strategy).
To make suggestions and recommendations to you about goods or services that may be of interest to you and to monitor trends so that we may improve the Websites and Apps. To achieve this we collect Identity, Contact, Device, user, Usage, Location, Marketing & Communications Data. We will require your Consent and this is necessary for our Legitimate Interests (to develop our products/services and grow our business).
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to do so.
Most commonly we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:
Where you have provided Consent before the processing;
Where we need to perform a contract we are about to enter or have entered with you;
Where it is necessary for our Legitimate Interest (or those of a third party) and your interest and fundamental rights do not override those interests; and/or
Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.
Generally, we do not rely on Consent as a legal basis for processing your personal data although we will get your Consent before sending third party direct communications to you. You have the right to withdraw Consent to marketing at any time by contacting us.
Note that we or our third parties may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data.
HOW IS YOUR PERSONAL DATA COLLECTED?
How we collect your personal data
Generally, we collect information about you when you decide to interact with us by using our Websites, installing and using our Apps once you have downloaded or streamed a copy of the App onto your Device, when you participate in a forum or interact with us on our social media channels; and/or any other way in which you may share personal data with us.
We use different methods to collect data from and about you including through:
Direct interactions and information you give to us.
You may give us your Identity, Profile, User and Contact Data by filling in forms on  our Websites and/or Apps, installing and using our Apps, or by corresponding with us by post, email, via social media forums or otherwise. This includes personal data you provide when you:
install and use our products, services or Apps;
create an account on our Apps;
request marketing to be sent to you; and/or
give us feedback or contact us.
Automated technologies or interactions.
As you interact with our Websites, we will automatically collect Device Data about your equipment, Device, browsing actions and patterns. We collect this personal data by using cookies, server logs and other similar technologies.
Runloop Ltd. uses third parties to host its Apps.  The hosts act as data processors on behalf of us.  Runloop Ltd. enables these providers to collect personal data to enable you to install and use our Apps
Cookies
We use cookies and/or other tracking technologies to help us to provide you with a good experience when you use our Websites.
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when our Websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of our Websites may become inaccessible or not function properly. For more information about the cookies we use, please read our
cookie policy
.
Marketing
We strive to provide you with choices regarding certain personal data uses, particularly around marketing and advertising.
Third-party marketing
We will get your express opt-in Consent before we share your personal data with any third party for marketing purposes.
Opting out
You can ask us or third parties to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by contacting us.
Where you opt out of receiving these marketing messages, this will not apply to personal data provided to us as a result of n App installation, usage and experience.
Change of purpose
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to get an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please contact us.
If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
Please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
DISCLOSURES OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We may share your personal data with the parties set out below for the purposes set out in the list above.
External Third Parties as set out in the glossary.
Third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer or merge parts of our business or assets, or, if we are part of a reorganisation or required to make insolvency-related arrangements. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this privacy policy.
We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
Many of our External Third Parties are based outside the European Economic Area (EEA) so their processing of your personal data will involve a transfer of data outside the EEA.
iCLOUD ACCOUNTS
Your data on Apps will be stored and backed up on an iCloud account. This data can be deleted within the iCloud settings on your Device(s).
DATA SECURITY
Any information provided to us is stored on a secured server.  If you provide a password when setting up a user account or using our Apps you are responsible for keeping the password confidential.  We ask you not to share the password with anyone.
We use security features and have procedures in place to try to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in any unauthorised way. However, no system is 100% secure.
Use of our Websites and Apps may include social networking and forum features.  Ensure when using these features that you do not submit any personal data that you do not want to be seen, collected or used by other users.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator when we are legally required to do so.
DATA RETENTION
How long will you use my personal data for?
We will only retain your personal data for as long as reasonably necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or reporting requirements. We may retain your personal data for a longer period in the event of a complaint or if we reasonably believe there is a prospect of litigation in respect to our relationship with you.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or other requirements.
By law we have to keep basic information about our customers (including Contact and Identity) for six years after they cease being customers.
In some circumstances you can ask us to delete your data: see “Your legal rights” below for further information.
If we anonymise your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes, we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS
Under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data. You have the following rights:
Request access to your personal data - (known as a “data subject access request”) this enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and check that we are lawfully processing it;
Request correction of your personal data - this enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us;
Request erasure of your personal data – you can ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing (see below), where we may have processed your information unlawfully or where we are required to erase your personal data to comply with local law. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request;
Object to processing of your personal data - where we are relying on a Legitimate Interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms;
Request restriction of processing your personal data – you can ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios:
If you want us to establish the data's accuracy.
Where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it.
Where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims.
You have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
Request transfer of your personal data to you or a third party - we will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you; and
Right to withdraw consent - where we are relying on consent to process your personal data. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide Apps, products or services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact us using the contact details below.
No fee usually required
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we could refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
What we may need from you
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
Time limit to respond
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it could take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
CONTACT DETAILS
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or our privacy practices, including any requests to exercise your legal rights, please contact our data privacy manager at
privacy@runloop.com
or, by writing to the Data Privacy Manager at Runloop Ltd., 86-90 Paul Street, London, England EC2A 4NE.
You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner's Office (
"ICO"
), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues (
www.ico.org.uk
). We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the ICO so please contact us in the first instance.
Products
Seconds Interval Timer
HeavySet - Gym Log
Support
Help Center
Seconds Tutorial Videos
HeavySet Tutorial Videos
Social
YouTube
Instagram
Twitter
About
Seconds Press Kit
Legal
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Cookie Policy
©
2025
Runloop Ltd.