Hitek Privacy Policy
Hitek  ("we"/"us") provides this Privacy Policy ("Policy") to inform you, the user, ("you") of our policies and procedures regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information ("Personal Information") and the data we collect, do not collect, store, and do not store, from users. Hitek respects your privacy, and is committed to protecting such Personal Information.
This policy applies to you and all users who download/use/view the app ("App"), services, website ("Site") and/or content (collectively referred to as "Hitek", for convenience, in this Policy) while using/accessing the Site, App, and/or any third party websites or services. Hitek may only be used by individuals who are at least 13 years old.
Information Collection
"Personal Information" is personally-identifiable information such as your name, address, e-mail address, and avatar/picture. We collect Personal Information from you via the Website and/or App when you register to use Hitek. You have the option of logging in using your Facebook account, in which case such Personal information, including your picture/avatar, will be "autofilled", though you will have the option of changing it, including your picture/avatar. The Personal Information we hold about you may therefore include, but is not limited to: your name, email address, city-level location (and GPS coordinates from the actual time of registration). We may also collect Personal Information from time to time through other communications with you, information downloads, product or service purchases, and user support.
As you use the Hitek App and/or navigate the Site, certain anonymous information may be passively collected (that is, gathered without you explicitly providing the information), including your device identifier, MAC address, Internet Protocol (IP) address, operating system, browser type, the address of a referring site and your activity on Hitek. We use Google Analytics, and your Internet browser may, for instance, using small files called "cookies," automatically transmit anonymous information to us, such as the date and time you access Hitek. We use such information to better understand how you interact with our services, while monitoring traffic to our services, with the aim of improving our services. This information is not treated as personal information unless we combine it with or link it to any of the personally identifiable information mentioned above. While you may be able to disable cookies with your browser, doing so may affect Hitek's functionality
Information Sharing and Disclosure
We will not transfer your Personal Information to third parties without your permission, except we may transfer your Personal Information without your consent to the extent required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (i) conform to the edicts of law or comply with legal process served on us; (ii) protect or defend our rights or property; (iii) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety, property, or privacy of our employees, users, or members of the public; or (iv) affect a transaction, restructuring or proceeding that transfers to a third party the assets or line of business to which the information pertains. In addition, we may send your Personal Information to other companies or people under any of the following circumstances: when we have your consent to share the information; or we need to share your information to provide the product or service you have requested; or we need to send the information to companies who work on our behalf to provide a product or service to you (we will only provide those companies the information they need to deliver the service, and they are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose).
Changing or Deleting your Information
You may review, update, correct, or delete Personal Information by contacting us. Please contact us should you desire a change, and we will strive to accommodate your request as quickly as possible if we do not have any legal obligation to retain the record. See below for privacy contact information.
Data Security
Your Personal Information is protected for your privacy and security. We safeguard the security and confidentiality of your data using physical, technical, and managerial procedures. Please be aware that, despite our best efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. While we strive to protect your Personal Information, we cannot ensure the security of the information you transmit to us, and so we urge you to take every precaution to protect your personal data when you are on the Internet. Change your passwords often, use a combination of letters and numbers, and make sure you use a secure browser.
International Transfer
Your information may be transferred to, and maintained on, computers located outside of your jurisdiction, where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction. Hitek may transfer Personal Information across the United States and/or Canada and process and/or store it there.
General
This Policy, in conjunction with our Terms of Service, constitutes the entire agreement between you and us relating to Hitek. If any part of this Policy is held to be unlawful, void, or unenforceable, that part shall be deemed severed and this shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions. Our failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision under this Policy shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. Any waiver of any right or provision by us must be in writing and shall only apply to the specific instance identified in such writing. You may not assign any terms or any rights or licenses granted hereunder, whether voluntarily, by operation of law, or otherwise, without our prior written consent.
Protection of Minors
Children under the age of 13 are not permitted to register for, or use, Hitek.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
If we decide to make material changes to our Privacy Policy, we will notify you and other users by placing a notice on this page or by sending you a notice to the e-mail address we have on file for you. You should periodically check this page for updates.
Contact Information
If you have any questions, comments or concerns please contact us electronically at
info@hiteknova.com
.
Last Updated: 10 June 2019