Privacy Policy
Who we are
Tech Tent Limited (hereafter referred to as “TT”, “we”, “our”, or “us”) is a company registered in Guernsey (No: 46701) whose registered office isPO Box 142, The Beehive, Rohais, St Peter Port, Guernsey GY1 3HT. The address of our UK office is 1st Floor, 7 Winchester Place, North Street, Poole, Dorset BH15 1NX. We trade as CustomCard (our URL’s are - www.customcard.com and www.customcard.co.uk) and we utilise mobile applications, and websites to interact with our Users, which are hereafter collectively referred to as our Services.
We respect your privacy and this Privacy Policy sets out how we collect, use, disclose, and protect information that applies to our Services. It also describes your choices about our collection and use of your personal information. We will not share your personal information with anyone otherwise as set out in this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy should be read in conjunction with our Terms and Conditions. Capitalised terms not defined in this Privacy Policy are defined in our Terms and Conditions.
By using our Services and providing personal information to us, you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy please do not use our Services.
If you have any questions or comments about our Services, this Privacy Policy or privacy matters generally please email:team@customcard.com
The type of information we collect and how we collect and use it
We collect the following types of information about you:
Information you provide us directly and which may identify you:
When you: sign up for a TT account; update your account details; correspond with us; enter a competition; and when you complete forms on our Services we ask for and collect certain mandatory and optional personal information such as your:
Name
Email address
Postal address
Messages (hereafter referred to as “User Content.”)
We may retain User Content and other information, which you upload to our Services.
We, and our payment-processing partners, Apple Pay, Stripe and PayPal (or such other payment processing partners as we may utilise from time to time) ask for your credit or debit card details when you make a purchase. This information is not retained and is not passed to us: TT does not store your credit or debit card details.
We use this information to:
Operate, maintain, and provide to you the features and functionality of, our Services
Communicate with you about our Services, for example, to respond to your inquiries
Fulfil your purchases
Provide you will order and billing information
Allow you to participate in competitions or promotions and to administer such activities
Personalise your experience of our Services
Help us improve our Services and communications
Information from third parties we collect from you:
In order to take advantage of some of our services, you may need to supply us with the personal details of a third party (for example, their name and address if you wish to send them TT’s products using our Services.) We will not use this information for anything other than providing the service for which the information was supplied.
Customcard Address Book:
We use Customcard Address Book information to provide you with the features and functionality of our Services, for example, allowing you to send a card or message to your chosen recipient.
If you add a recipient to your “Customcard Address Book” on our Services, we collect your recipient’s name and address. You may manually enter this information into the Customcard Address Book. We will only use the information you provide about your recipient for the purpose of adding their postal address to your Customcard Address Book and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Referring a friend to use TT Services:
If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our Services, we will ask you for information we need to send a referral message to your friend. This includes your friends's name and email address or mobile telephone number. We will automatically send your friend an email or text message inviting him or her to visit or download our Services. We will identify you in the referral invitation and we will only send your friend a single referral invitation. If your friend does not reply to the referral invitation we will not send your friend another message and we will delete the information you provide us with about your friend. We will only use the information you provide about your friend for the purpose of inviting your friend to visit or download our Services and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Analytics information:
We may collect analytics data, or use third-party analytics tools, to help us measure traffic and usage trends for our Services. These tools collect information sent by your browser or mobile device, including the pages you visit, communications from us that you read, and other information that assists us in improving our Services.
Cookies information:
Our websites make use of cookies - a small text file containing a string of alphanumeric characters. We use cookies to improve the quality of our service, for example, to help you to log in to your account faster and to enhance your navigation through our website. A cookie may also convey information to us about how you use our Services (e.g., the pages you view, the links you click and other actions you take on our website). We may store up to two types of cookies on your computer:
A persistent cookie which remains on your hard drive after you close your browser so that you do not need to re-enter certain information each time you visit our website
A session cookie is temporary and disappears after you close your browser and which is used to help prevent unauthorised access to your account
A cookie does not give us access to your computer or any information about you. You can choose to accept or refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. To disable cookies you may need to change your browser settings, which will vary according to the operating system and browser, you use. However, some features of our Services may not function properly if the ability to accept cookies is disabled.
Further free, useful background information regarding cookies can be found at
http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/
Log file information:
Log file information is automatically reported by your browser or mobile device each time you access our Services. When you use our Services, our servers automatically record certain log file information. These server logs may include anonymous information such as your web request, Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, referring / exit pages and URLs, number of clicks and how you interact with links on our Services, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed, and other such information.
Location data:
When you access our Services by or through a mobile device, we may access, collect, monitor and/or remotely store “location data,” which may include GPS coordinates (e.g. latitude and/or longitude) or similar information regarding the location of your mobile device. Location data may convey to us information about how you browse and use our Services. Some features of our Services, particularly location-based services, may not function properly if use or availability of location data is impaired or disabled.
We use the information we collect from you and that you provide to us in the following ways:
Use and sharing of Other Information:
We may use cookies, log file information and location data (collectively, “Other Information”) to: remember information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit our Services; provide custom, personalised content and information; to provide and monitor the effectiveness of our Services; to monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors, traffic, and demographic patterns; to diagnose or fix technology problems; to help you efficiently access your information after you sign in; to provide advertising to your browser or device; and to automatically update the TT application on your mobile devices. Other Information is not personal information, and we may use or share it for any other purpose, except where we are not permitted to do so under applicable law.
For our business purposes:
We may use personal information or Other Information for our business purposes, such as: presenting our Services and their contents to you; allowing you to use certain features such as leaving comments; data analysis; audits; fraud monitoring and prevention; developing new products; enhancing, improving or modifying our Services; identifying usage trends; determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns; notifying you of updates and changes to our Services and products we sell; operating and expanding our business activities; anticipating and resolving problems with our service; and any other purpose with your consent. We also use your information to send you Services related emails (e.g., account verification, purchase, billing and order confirmations and reminders, changes/updates to features of our Services, technical and security notices). You may not opt out of Services-related emails.
Commercial and marketing communications and materials:
We use the information we collect or receive from you to communicate directly with you. We may send you emails containing newsletters, promotions and special offers for our own, or third party products or services. In addition, we may permit our group companies (including any parent, subsidiaries and affiliates) to market directly to you. If you do not want to receive such email messages or promotional materials, you will be given the option to opt out or change your preferences at Sign Up and from your Account. In addition you may opt out of such communications by clicking on the “unsubscribe link” provided in such communications or by emailing:
team@customcard.com
.We make every effort to promptly process all unsubscribe requests.
Instances where use is necessary or appropriate:
We may use personal information or Other Information as we believe to be necessary or appropriate: to comply with the law and the reasonable requests of law enforcement agencies; including laws and enforcement authorities outside your country of residence; to enforce our Terms & Conditions of use or to protect the security or integrity of our Services; and/or to exercise or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of TT, our employees, Users or others.
Disclosure and sharing of your information
We will not rent or sell your information to third parties outside TT and its group companies (including any parent, subsidiaries and affiliates) without your consent, except as noted below:
Who we may share your information with:
We may share your information between our trading brands and with third-party business partners and service providers we use to support our business, and which may include, without limitation, payment processors, printers, fulfilment companies, data hosting services and/or advertising support services. We may share information with such third parties for a variety of purposes such as providing, maintaining, improving, customising, promoting and/or expanding our Services, our products and services or the products and services of third parties. You may opt out of receiving such communications by emailingteam@customcard.com
We may disclose aggregated information about our users without restriction.
In addition, we may share your personal information with our other users and third parties when you provide us with consent to do so. For example, if you allow us to post your User Content to our Services for promotional purposes or you choose to participate in competitions or similar promotions. We may share your information with the promotion’s sponsors and/or as may otherwise be disclosed to you when you elect to register. Likewise, if you decide to send a message through our Services, we may also use your information to identify you to the intended recipient.
What happens in the event of a change of control:
We may buy or sell/divest/transfer the company (including any shares in the company), or any combination of its Services, products, services, assets and/or businesses. Your information such as User names and email addresses, User Content and other user information related to our Services may be among the items sold or otherwise transferred in these types of transactions. We may also sell, assign or otherwise transfer such information in the course of corporate divestitures, mergers, acquisitions, bankruptcies, dissolutions, reorganisations, liquidations, similar transactions or proceedings involving all or a portion of the company.
Instances where we are required to share your information:
We will disclose your information where required to do so by law or subpoena, government or regulatory request or if we reasonably believe that such action is necessary to: comply with the law and the reasonable requests of law enforcement; to enforce our Terms and Conditions of use or to protect the security or integrity of our Services; and/or to exercise or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of TT, our employees, Users or others. You will be treated as having given your permission for disclosures referred to in this policy.
Sharing certain Services type information we collect about you:
We may share certain Services type information, including information obtained through tools such as cookies, log files, device identifiers, location data and clear gifs (such as anonymous usage data, referring/exit pages and URLs, platform types, number of clicks, etc.): with our third-party business partners for the purposes described in the section above - “The type of information we collect and how we collect and use it”. We may also aggregate or otherwise strip data of all personally identifying characteristics and may share that aggregated, anonymous data with third parties.
The storage and security of your information
Storage and Processing:
By using or accessing our Services, you expressly acknowledge and agree that your personal and purchase information may be stored and processed in the United Kingdom, or any other country in which TT or its subsidiaries, affiliates or service providers maintain facilities. Please note that we may transfer information that we collect about you, including personal information, to affiliated entities, service providers or other third parties across borders, from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world. If you are located in the United States, European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from United Kingdom Laws, you should be aware that we may transfer information about you, including personal information, to a country and jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction, and you expressly consent to (a) the transfer of information to the United Kingdom or any other country in which TT or its parent, subsidiaries, affiliates, service providers and/or business partners maintain facilities; and (b) the use and disclosure of information about you as described in this Privacy Policy.
Keeping your information safe:
We care about the security of your information, and use commercially reasonable safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of all information collected through our Services. Any payment transactions undertaken from our Services are encrypted using SSL technology. The personal information that you provide to us is stored on servers, which are located in secured facilities with restricted access, and protected by protocols and procedures designed to ensure the security of such information. In addition, we restrict access to personal information to our employees, independent contractors and agents who need to know this information in order to develop, operate and maintain our Services. All TT personnel who have access to this information are trained in the maintenance and security of such information. To protect your privacy and security, we take reasonable steps (such as requesting a unique minimum seven character password which must include at least one number) to restrict access to certain parts of our Services and to verify your identity before granting you access to your account. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your unique password and account information, and for controlling access to your email communications from us, at all times. We ask you not to share your password and credit / debit card details including security CVV number with anyone else. However, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or guarantee that information on our Services may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed. You acknowledge and agree that you use, and provide information to our Services at your own risk. Your privacy settings may also be affected by changes to the functionality of third party sites and services that you add to our Services, such as social networks. TT is not responsible for the functionality or security measures of any third party. You must be aware that you should always log out of your account when you have finished using our Services.
Compromise of information:
In the event that any information under our control is compromised as a result of a breach of security, we will take reasonable steps to investigate the situation and where appropriate, notify those individuals whose information may have been compromised and take other steps, in accordance with any applicable laws and regulations.
Your control of your personal information
We aim to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide us with. We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required to do so by law. The following are the mechanisms we currently have in place to allow you to exercise your preferences:
Your control over your account information and settings:
You may update your account information and email-communication preferences at any time by logging into your account on our Services and editing your account settings. You can also stop receiving promotional email communications from us by clicking on the “unsubscribe link” provided in such communications or by emailingteam@customcard.comWe make every effort to promptly process all unsubscribe requests. As noted above, you may not opt out of Services related communications (e.g., account verification, purchase, billing and order confirmations and reminders, changes/updates to features of our Services, technical and security notices). If you have any questions about reviewing or modifying your account information, you can contact us by emailingteam@customcard.com
Opting out of collection of your information for Tracking / Advertising: You can set your browser to refuse or disable all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. However, doing so may disable many of the features available through our Services. Please refer to your mobile device or browser’s technical information for instructions on how to delete and disable cookies, and other tracking/recording tools. Depending on your type of device, it may not be possible to delete or disable tracking mechanisms on your mobile device. If you have any questions about opting out of the collection of cookies and other tracking/recording tools, you can contact us by emailingteam@customcard.com
We may share some of the information we collect from you with third parties and other service providers who are engaged by or working with us in connection with the operation of the services we provide to you and/or for analytics purposes which may require the reproduction and display of such information in an aggregated and anonymous manner such that will not in any way identify you.
If you do not wish to have your information used for analytics purposes you may “opt out” of the collection of your information for analytics purposes by following the directions provided by our third party analytics partner - Google, located at
http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
. If you “opt out” with our third party analytics provider, that action is specific to the information we collect for that provider, and does not limit our ability to collect information from you, under the terms of this privacy policy, for other analytics partner.
If you do not wish to have your contact information (including but not limited to your email address) used by TT to promote our products and services and those of third parties you may opt out by clicking on the “unsubscribe link” provided in such communications or by emailingteam@customcard.com
How long we keep your User Content:
Following termination or deactivation of your User account, or a request to delete personal information, we may retain your personal information and User Content for a commercially reasonable time for backup, archival, audit purposes, marketing or fraud prevention activities.
Accessing and correcting your information:
You can review and change your personal information by logging into our Services and visiting your account pages. You may also send us an email by emailing:
team@customcard.com
to send us a request to delete, correct or update any personal information that you have provided to us. We cannot delete all of your personal information except by deleting your account altogether. We may not accommodate a request to change your personal information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or we believe the change to be incorrect. If you delete the comments you have posted on our Services copies may remain viewable in cached or archived pages or might have been stored or copied by other Services users.
Children’s privacy
TT does not knowingly collect or solicit any information from anyone under the age of 18 or knowingly allow such persons to register as Users. Our Services and its content are not directed at children under the age of 18. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 18 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 18 currently using our services, please contact us by emailingteam@customcard.com
Links to other websites and services
From time to time our Services may contain links to and from websites of our partners. We are not responsible for the practices employed by websites or services linked to or from our Services, including the information or content contained therein. Please remember that when you use a link to go from our Services to another website, our Privacy Policy does not apply to such third-party websites or services. Your browsing and interaction on any third-party website or services, including those that have a link or advertisement on our Services, are subject to that third party’s own rules and policies including their privacy policies which you should review. In addition, you agree that we are not responsible and we do not have control over any third parties that you authorise to access your User Content. If you are using a third-party website or services (for example, Instagram or Facebook) and you allow such a third-party access to your User Content you do so at your own risk. This Privacy Policy does not apply to information we collect by other means (including offline) or from other sources other than through our Services.
Access to your information
You have the right to access the personal data that we hold about you. To access a copy of this information please write to us with your full name and registered email address enclosing a cheque for GBP £10.00 made payable to Tech Tent Limited at:
Tech Tent Limited
1stFloor
7 Winchester Place
Poole
Dorset
BH15 1NX
Changes and updates to our privacy policy
This Privacy Policy may change from time to time and so you should revisit this page to keepinformed. When we materially change our Privacy Policy we will post the revised Privacy Policy on our Services and update the ‘last modified’ date at the bottom of this page. Your use of our Services following these changes means that you accept our revised Privacy Policy.
This privacy policy was last modified on 24/11/2017. (HTS)
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/:
