Privacy Policy
We Respect Your Right to Privacy and Your Right to Control Your Personal Information
Poply is a product of Zuno, Inc. (“Zuno”). We want you to fully understand what information we collect from you and what we do with it. We also believe that you should have full control over your personal information. We do not disclose your information to anyone without your prior consent, subject to the very narrow extent specified below. We do not sell your information. We never spam you.
FAQ
What personal details do you need to know?
The minimum of information we ask for your use of Poply is your name, email address and the date, time, and location of your event. You may update this information at any time by clicking on the ‘
My Account
’ tab, followed by the ‘My Profile’ option, or by editing the details of your event.
We also need your guest list (including names and email addresses or phone numbers) so that your invitation can be sent and the responses tracked and tallied. Guest information can be added to Poply in the following ways:
Manually:
type the information into the contact form.
Copy/Paste:
you may manually copy and paste the data from your computer or mobile device.
CSV Import:
import a CSV document with guest information from your computer or mobile device.
Google:
import contact data from your google account. (This data will not be accessed without your express permission.)
Phone Import:
import contact data from your phone or mobile device. (This data will not be accessed without your express permission.)
When is my information given out?
Your name, email address, and the details you include in your invitation are made available to your invitees and to anyone else who receives a copy of your invitation. That information could be transmitted to additional persons if your invitees or other recipients forward your invitation to others.
Does Zuno sell my information to third parties?
We do not sell or lend any of your personal information to third parties without your prior consent except under the narrow guidelines stated in this Policy (for example disclosure to service providers working for us).
What do you use my personal details for?
Security.
We will use your name so that we can personalize your experience with us. We will use your email address to contact you if needed and to securely confirm your identity. If you use the Help feature of our app and request assistance or information from us, we will respond to you by cheers@poply.com.
Use of Site.
Your event details are needed to make your invitation informative and accurate. Your guest list (including names, email addresses, and mobile numbers) is necessary to enable distribution of your invitation and for you to see who has accepted, declined or commented on the invitation.
Improving our Site.
We collect your IP address and browser information, which we combine with information from other users of our site (referred to as “Users” collectively, and “"User” individually). We use this combined information to enhance our site’s functionality and gain a better understanding of our users, ultimately improving our ability to serve them.
Providing Information.
We may deliver information that is targeted to your interests, such as banner advertisements, administrative notices, product offerings, and communications relevant to your use of the Site. By accepting the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy, you expressly agree to receive this information. You may make changes to your email notification preferences at any time by visiting the
My Account
area of the app.
Using Service Providers.
We may use third parties that we refer to as internal service providers to facilitate or outsource one or more aspects of the business, product and service operations that we provide to you (e.g., search technology, email support) and therefore we may provide some of your personal information directly to these internal service providers who are obliged to keep your information confidential.
Non-Personal, Aggregated Information.
We disclose non-personally identifiable aggregated (gather up data across all User accounts) information to advertisers and other third parties. An example of non-personally identifiable information would be the number of party invitations sent out last month.
Analytics.
Zuno uses the services of site analytics providers such as Google Analytics (or similar services) to analyze traffic and usage on the Site. In the course of providing services, such companies may have access to Users’ IP addresses. We make no effort to match IP addresses with any other personally identifiable information.
Law Enforcement.
Zuno cooperates with law enforcement inquiries, as well as other third parties to enforce laws, such as: intellectual property rights, fraud and other rights, to help protect you and the Poply service. Therefore, in response to a genuine request by law enforcement or other government officials relating to a criminal investigation or alleged illegal activity, we can disclose personal information about you and your event.
Unintended Access.
Third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications, or Users may abuse or misuse your personal information that they collect from the Site. Therefore, although we use industry standard practices to protect your privacy, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personal information or private communications will always remain private.
Acquisition.
In event of a merger or acquisition, your personal information may be transferred to the acquiring entity, and become subject to the acquirer’s data practices.
Will I be added to any mailing lists?
We do not sell, rent or lend email addresses for any other purpose than in direct association with your use of the Poply service or as otherwise described in this privacy policy.
Do you send unsolicited emails/SMS messages?
Zuno will not send any unsolicited information, including email or SMS/MMS messages. You will, however, receive emails/SMS messages which form an essential part of the service. To update email settings, please visit the
My Account > Settings
area of the website or app. To discontinue receiving SMS/MMS messages, reply to any SMS/MMS message sent by Poply with the keyword ‘STOP’. After you send the SMS message ‘STOP’ to us, we will send you an SMS message to confirm that you have been unsubscribed. After this, you will no longer receive SMS/MMS messages from us.
Hosts are solely responsible for obtaining permission to send invitations to guests via email/SMS. Unsolicited invitations to guests are expressly prohibited and may result in account termination.
Hosts are solely responsible for ensuring the accuracy of guest information, including mobile numbers and emails. Poply is not liable for undelivered invitations, invitations sent to unintended recipients, or any issues arising from incorrect information provided by the host.
Do you use cookies? How can I opt out of them?
Cookies are a standard internet technology, and many major websites use them to provide useful features for their Users. Cookies allow us to store and retrieve login information on a User’s system. Cookies themselves do not personally identify Users, although they do identify a User’s computer. They provide us with data that we can use to improve our service to you. If you so choose, you can save your login or password so you don’t have to re-enter them each time you visit our site.
Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. If you’d prefer, you can set yours to refuse cookies. However, you may not be able to take full advantage of our Site if you do so. You can control and/or delete cookies as you wish – for details, see
www.aboutcookies.org
. You can delete all cookies that are already on your computer and you can set most browsers to prevent them from being placed. If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit a site and some services and functionalities may not work.
What are my Rights Under the California Consumer Privacy Act (effective 1/1/20)?
What is Personal Information.
The California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) defines your Personal Information broadly as information that “identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household.” Just a few examples include name address, IP address, email address, personal identification numbers, purchase records, biometric information, browsing and search history, geolocation data and much more.
Requests for Disclosure.
CCPA gives you the right to request disclosure from us regarding categories and particular pieces of Personal Information that are collected, sold, or disclosed about you; the categories of sources from which that information is collected; the business purpose for collecting the information; and the categories of third parties with which the information is disclosed. All of these disclosures are already made in this Privacy Policy.
Online Disclosure.
The CCPA requires us to disclose a description of the consumer’s rights under the CCPA and a list of categories of Personal Information collected, sold to a third party, or disclosed for business purposes, and update this disclosure at least annually. This Privacy Policy, which is updated at least annually, provides a detailed list of Personal Information collected and disclosed for business purposes. We do not collect any Personal Information that is sold to third parties.
How to Request a Copy of Your Personal Information.
Please make your request to
Contact Us
.
How to Make Correction or Deletion Requests.
To have your Personal Information corrected or deleted from our systems, please make your request to
Contact Us
.
Certain information cannot be deleted if you intend to continue using the service, such as your email address.
Non-Discrimination.
We do not discriminate against any site users who exercise their rights under the CCPA or other data privacy laws.
What are my Rights Under the California Privacy Rights Act (effective 1/1/23)?
What does the CPRA add to the CCPA?
The California Privacy Rights Act (“CPRA”) expands the privacy protections in the CCPA. The CPRA covers personal information collected beginning January 1, 2022. The additional protections added by the CPRA include, but are not limited to, the following rights:
To know and have access to one’s personal information
To correct personal information
To limit use of sensitive personal information (including but not limited to, social security, driver’s license and passport numbers) so they are used only to perform the services, as reasonably expected by a consumer
To delete personal information
To opt-out
To receive equal service and price regardless of the exercise of rights
What additional obligations does CPRA impose on companies that collect personal information?
Data retention disclosure
Vendor and contractor supervision
Specific clauses required in contracts with vendors and contractors, such as prohibiting:
Selling and sharing personal information
Retaining, using or disclosing personal information for any reason other than the contract purposes or outside the business relationship
Combining personal information from the contract with other personal information
Audit and certification obligations
Data minimization
Companies must implement reasonable security procedures and practices appropriate to the nature of the personal information, to protect the personal information from unauthorized or illegal access, destruction, use, modification, or disclosure.
How Long is Information Kept?
Zuno has a Record Retention Policy and Schedule (“Policy”) which calls for the deletion of routine business information on a periodic basis according to the type of record and the department that generates it. Our executives are responsible for periodic record deletion in accordance with the Policy. Some important legal documents are retained permanently as required by the Policy. Many records are deleted after one year.
What would you do in case of a data breach?
If Zuno experienced a data breach, we would take emergency measures to secure our systems, then promptly notify all users of Zuno that a data breach had occurred, providing all appropriate information to enable individuals to protect their privacy and any affected accounts, and providing contact information for questions. We would then remove further threats of breach to the best of our ability with the help of our professional and technical advisors. We would also notify all applicable law enforcement of the data breach and cooperate with any investigation.
How will I be notified of changes?
We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time by posting the amended terms on the Site. All amended terms shall automatically be effective immediately after posting on the Site.
How do I contact you?
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this website or your dealings with this website, you can contact us via the
Contact Us
page, or by writing to Customer Support, Zuno, Inc., 245 5th Street, Box #107, San Francisco, CA 94103.
Terms Of Use
These Terms of Use (“TOU”) will explain how we provide our services to you, and what obligations you have as a User of Poply.
Zuno’s Obligations to You.
Zuno will do the following:
Supply you with access to an online (and subsequently mobile) facility to enable you to design, customize, send, update and modify electronic invitations to guests and to receive guest responses and comments to the invitations (the “Service”).
Answer any questions you have regarding the TOU, the Service and the operation of your Poply account.
What We Ask of Zuno Users.
We ask our Users to agree to the following:
Read and understand the TOU and let us know if you have any questions.
Be aged 13 or over.
Use the Service responsibly.
Do not allow anyone other than yourself and Zuno to access your account.
Use the Service solely for your own benefit and do not sell, lease, assign, lend, hire or gift any part of the Service to any other person without Zuno’s prior written approval.
Use the Service only for lawful purposes and without infringing the rights of any other User, Zuno or any third party.
Comply with all terms of the TOU.
Security and User Privacy
Please maintain the confidentiality of your password and account. You are responsible for all account holder accessible activities that occur under your account. Please notify us immediately of any unauthorized use of your password or account or any other breach of security.
Zuno has put in place security measures to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information collected. Your data is stored with the data cloud services hosted by AWS on their secure servers. A “firewall” (an internet security device) sits between the Poply website and the internet to help prevent any unauthorized User from accessing any data.
You agree that Zuno and its authorized employees can access your account, including its contents as stated above, or to respond to support queries or technical issues or to fulfill the obligations under this Agreement. To learn more about how the Service deals with privacy then please see the
FAQs
in the Privacy Policy
User Account Registration
To register as a Poply User, you agree to:
Provide us with current, complete and accurate information about yourself (the registration data).
Maintain and promptly update the registration data to keep it current, complete and accurate.
To represent only yourself on the Service, and no other persons, living, dead, or imagined.
If Zuno has reasonable grounds to believe your information is not current, or is incomplete or inaccurate, we may suspend or terminate your account. However, we have no obligations to check the accuracy or truthfulness of your registration data.
Poply SMS/MMS Terms & Conditions
Program Description: When opted-in, you will receive text messages (SMS/MMS) to your mobile number. These messages may include links to Poply invitations and various notifications about these invitations including, but not limited to: notices of messages sent by event hosts, RSVP reminders, and event reminders.
Frequency: Message frequency will vary depending on the specifics of the event. Most guests receive between 4-7 SMS/MMS messages per event.
Opt-in: Hosts are solely responsible for obtaining permission to send invitations to guests via SMS. Unsolicited SMS invitations to guests are expressly prohibited and may result in account termination.
Opt-out: You can cancel the SMS service at any time. Reply to any SMS/MMS message sent by Poply with the keyword ‘STOP’. After you send the SMS message ‘STOP’ to us, we will send you an SMS message to confirm that you have been unsubscribed. After this, you will no longer receive SMS/MMS messages from us. If you want to join again, reply to any SMS/MMS message sent by Poply with the keyword ‘START’ or ‘UNSTOP’.
Help: If you are experiencing issues with the messaging program you can reply with the keyword ‘HELP’ for more assistance, or you can get help directly by emailing cheers@poply.com.
Interruption: Neither Poply nor our partner carriers are liable for delayed or undelivered messages.Hosts are solely responsible for ensuring the accuracy of guest information, including mobile numbers and emails. Poply is not liable for undelivered invitations, invitations sent to unintended recipients, or any issues arising from incorrect information provided by the host.
Cost: Message and data rates may apply for any messages sent to you from us and to us from you. If you have any questions about your text plan or data plan, it is best to contact your wireless provider.
Privacy: If you have any questions regarding privacy, please read our privacy policy above.
User Conduct
As a condition of your use of the Service, you will not use the Service for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by the TOU. By way of example, and not as a limitation, you agree NOT to:
Defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten or otherwise violate the rights (such as rights of privacy and publicity) of others.
Publish, distribute and/ or disseminate any harmful, obscene, indecent, unlawful, libelous, profane, defamatory, infringing, inappropriate, hateful, or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable material or information.
Create a false or misleading identity of, including, but not limited to, a Zuno employee, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity, for the purpose of misleading others as to the identity of the sender or the origin of a message or to harvest or otherwise collect information about others.
Transmit, email or post any material that contains in any form software viruses or such programs as including but not limited to, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, cancel-bots, computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment.
Attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Service, other accounts, computer systems or networks connected to the Service, through password mining or any other means.
Disseminate content that infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, rights of privacy or publicity, or other proprietary right (‘Rights’) of any party or infringes any intellectual property law or any other applicable law.
Disseminate any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, ‘junk mail’, ‘spam’, ‘chain letters’, ‘pyramid schemes’, or any other form of such solicitation.
Interfere with another User’s use and enjoyment of the Service.
Zuno has no obligation to monitor the Service or any User’s use thereof.
Zuno’s Proprietary Rights
You acknowledge and agree that the Poply content including but not limited to (1) text, (2) software, (3) photographs, (4) graphics, (5) page layout (6) design presented through and as part of the Service by Zuno (collectively the “Content”) is protected by copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patents, or other proprietary rights and laws.
Such Content received through the Service may be displayed, reformatted, and printed by you for your personal, non-commercial use only in connection with the Service in accordance with the TOU.
Certain of the names, logos, and other materials displayed on the Poply website constitute trademarks, copyright and other intellectual property collectively referred to as ‘IP rights’ of Zuno, Inc. You agree that Zuno, Inc. retains and owns all right, title and interest in the Content and IP Rights, and that the TOU does not transfer or convey to you any ownership right, title or interest in or to the Content and IP Rights, and that you will not contest or challenge the ownership of the Content and IP Rights. You are authorized to use such Content and IP rights solely for the limited purpose of promoting and using the birthday reminder service hosted by the Service.
Disclaimer of Warranties
The Service is provided on an ‘as is’ and ‘as available’ basis and the warranties on the part of Zuno contained in this TOU are given in place of and replace, exclude and extinguish all and every other condition or warranty whatsoever on the part of Zuno, written or oral, whether express or implied by statute, regulation, directive or any other legislative or administrative enactment, common law, trade usage, custom or otherwise to the full extent permitted by law. EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED HEREIN, ZUNO EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND OR NATURE, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF SATISFACTORY QUALITY, PERFORMANCE, MERCHANTABILITY, MERCHANTABLE QUALITY, DURABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND THOSE ARISING BY STATUTE OR OTHERWISE IN LAW OR FROM A COURSE OF DEALING OR USE OF TRADE.
The information and content included in or available through the Service may include inaccuracies or typographical errors.
Changes are periodically added to the information contained with the Service and Zuno and/or its respective suppliers may make improvements and/or changes in the Service at any time.
No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by you from Zuno or through the Service shall create any warranty not expressly stated in the TOU.
Except as otherwise expressly provided in the TOU, Zuno does NOT represent or warrant:
That the Service will meet your requirements.
That the Service will be uninterrupted or error-free, timely or secure.
That defects or errors will be corrected, or that the Service or the server that makes it available, are free of viruses or other harmful components.
That the use of or the results of the use of the Service or the content made available as part of the Service will be correct, accurate, timely, or otherwise reliable.
That the content of the Service input by third parties is correct or accurate.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
YOU AGREE THAT ZUNO SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE FOR:
UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR ALTERATION OF YOUR TRANSMISSIONS OR DATA, ANY MATERIAL OR DATA SENT OR RECEIVED OR NOT SENT OR RECEIVED, OR ANY TRANSACTIONS ENTERED INTO THROUGH THE SERVICE.
ANY THREATENING, DEFAMATORY, OBSCENE, OFFENSIVE OR ILLEGAL CONTENT, SAVE THAT ZUNO SHALL BE ENTITLED TO REMOVE IT IN ALL PRACTICABLE SPEED AFTER ZUNO HAS BEEN NOTIFIED IN WRITING OF ITS PRESENCE ON THE SITE.
CONDUCT OF ANY OTHER USER OR ANY INFRINGEMENT OF ANOTHER’S RIGHTS, INCLUDING INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS.
ANY INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION:
DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF USE;
DATA GOODWILL;
PROFITS, OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES;
ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH:
USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE SERVICE OR RELATED WEBSITES;
DELAY OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICE OR RELATED WEBSITES;
PROVISION OF OR FAILURE TO PROVIDE SERVICES, INFORMATION OR SOFTWARE;
SERVICES OBTAINED THROUGH THE SERVICE, OR OTHERWISE ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THE SERVICE;
ERROR;
OMISSION;
INACCURACY;
INTERRUPTION;
DELETION;
DEFECT;
DELAY IN OPERATION OR TRANSMISSION;
COMPUTER VIRUS;
COMMUNICATION LINE FAILURE;
THEFT;
DESTRUCTION OR UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS;
ALTERATION;
WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE - EVEN IF ZUNO OR ANY OF ITS SUPPLIERS HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGES.
IF YOU ARE DISSATISFIED WITH THE SERVICE OR ANY PART OF THE SERVICE YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IS TO DISCONTINUE USING THE SERVICE AND ITS RELATED WEBSITE.
AT ALL TIMES AND IN ANY EVENT THE TOTAL LIABILITY OF ZUNO TO ITS USERS SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE TOTAL ANNUAL FEE PAID BY THE INDIVIDUAL USER TO ZUNO.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Zuno, its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers and employees from any claim, demand, or damage, including reasonable legal fees, asserted by any third party due to or arising out of your use of or conduct on the Service.
Modification and Termination of the Service
You agree that Zuno, in its sole discretion, may terminate your password, account or use of the Service, and remove and discard any content within the Service, for any reason, including without limitation, if Zuno believes that you have violated or acted inconsistently with the letter or spirit of the TOU. Zuno may also, in its sole discretion and at any time, discontinue temporarily or permanently providing the Service, or any part thereof, with or without notice.
Modification to the TOU
Zuno reserves the right to change the TOU or policies regarding the use of the Service at any time.
Zuno reserves the right at any time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Service (or any part thereof) with or without notice. You agree that Zuno shall not be liable to you or any third party for any modification to or discontinuance of the Service.
TOU Violations
Please report any violations of the TOU to Customer Support via Contact Us.
Entire Agreement
These TOU constitute the entire agreement between Zuno and the User and supersede any previous agreement or understanding between Zuno and the User.
Governing Law
These TOU shall be governed in all respects by California law without reference to its conflict or choice of law rules or principles, and the parties submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in San Francisco, California.
Back to Top