Privacy Policy
Last updated: December 25, 2019
Welcome to “
Momento
”, a mobile platform that enables users to create, produce and share short visual videos. (the “
Videos
” and the “
Service
”). We at Popixels Ltd. (“
we
”, “
us
”, “
our
”) respect your privacy.
This Privacy Policy (the “
Policy
”) explains our privacy practices for the Service. It describes the ways your personal information and data is collected and used through our designated mobile application. It also describes the rights and options available to you with respect to your information.
It is your decision to provide us with your personal information. You are not legally obligated to provide us with this information, but we need it in order to provide you and your caregiver with the App’s functionality.
This policy is combined into our
User Agreement
(the “
Terms
”) and is a part of them.
In short
The following key points of the Privacy Policy are only brought for your convenience. They are not a substitute for the full Policy.
1. Information we collect.
We may collect information you actively provide us. For example, analytical information about your use of the Service (e.g., the frequency and scope of your use of the Service), and information about your device.
2.
Videos
. Videos that you share through the Service may contain your own or others’ personal information, depending on the particulars of the Video. In case you choose to share your Videos as provided herein, bear in mind that in certain circumstances we may collect and store the Videos as well as ancillary information such as the meta-data attached to the Video (if such meta-data exists) when you choose to share your Videos.
3.
Using the information we collect.
We use the information we collect to provide you the Service’s features. We also use it to improve and customize the Service and develop new services. We process your personal data for marketing purposes, and you have the right to object at any time to processing your personal data for such marketing.
4.
Sharing the information we collect
. We may share your information in order to operate, maintain and enhance the Service.
5.
Aggregated information.
We may use the information we collect from you to create de-identified, statistical or aggregated information, and make it available to others for any purpose.
6.
Retention.
We retain your information for as long as we deem necessary for our purposes.
7.
Security.
We implement measures to reduce the risks of damage and unauthorized access or use of information, but these measures, just like any security measure, cannot provide absolute information security.
8.
Children privacy.
You must be 13 years of age or older in order to use the App. We do not knowingly or intentionally collect information about children who are under 13 years of age.
9.
Changes to the Policy
. We may change this Policy, in which case we will seek your consent to those changes if they are material.
In detail
INFORMATION WE
COLLECT
Information
you actively provide us -
Videos.
Videos that you share through the Service, may contain, or be indicative of, your personal information, depending on the particulars of the respective Video. Videos you choose to share, are not treated as private or confidential and you should not have any expectation of privacy with respect to it.
USE CAUTION AND COMMON SENSE WHEN YOU SHARE CONTENT CONTAINING OR DEPICTING PERSONAL INFORMATION OF YOURSELF OR OTHER INDIVIDUALS. YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY CONTENT THAT YOU SHARE.
Information we automatically collect -
Device Information
. We may collect information about your mobile device, including its model, operating system type and version, unique identifiers, language, mobile network information and the Internet Protocol (IP) address through which you accessed the Service.
Analytical data
. We may use third party analytics tools, such as Amplitude, Google, Facebook, AppsFlyer, OneSignal, Amazon and Heroku to collect information about your use of the App. For example, we may record the frequency and scope of your use of the Service, the duration of your sessions, the interactions you make with the Service’s interface, etc.
MINOR’S
PRIVACY
The Service is not intended for children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly or intentionally collect information about children who are under 13 years of age.
If you are under the
age of 13 you may not use the Service in any way.
USE OF COLLECTED
INFORMATION
We may use the information we collect for the following purposes:
• Operating the Service and providing its features and functionalities, that is, distributing and making the Videos available (when you choose to do so).
• Sending you updates and other communications related to the Service (including through push notifications).
• Improving and customizing the Service and developing new services.
• Generating statistical and aggregated information about users of the Services.
• Providing you with support, handling complaints and contacting you when we believe it is necessary.
• Enforcing the Terms and this Policy and preventing misuse of the Services.
• Complying with any applicable law and assisting law enforcement agencies and competent authorities, if we believe it is necessary or justified.
• Taking any action in any case of dispute involving you, with respect or in relation to the App.
SHARING COLLECTED INFORMATION
We may share the information outlined in this Policy, with others, in any of the following instances:
• With our contractors and service providers, such as Amplitude, Google, Facebook, AppsFlyer, OneSignal, Amazon and Heroku for data analysis and processing, bug reporting and handling, and in order to operate, maintain and enhance the Service;
• If you have breached the Terms, abused your rights to use the Service, or violated any applicable law. Your information may be shared with competent authorities and with any third party, if we believe it is necessary or justified;
• If the operation of the Services is organized within a different framework, or through another legal structure or entity (such as due to a merger or acquisition);
• We may share personally identifiable information with our corporate group entities, but their use of such information must comply with the Policy.
In any case other than the above, your personal information will only be shared with others if you provide your explicit prior consent.
AGGREGATED OR
ANONYMIZED INFORMATION
At any time, we may anonymize (de-identify) personal information we have collected. We may use de-identified, statistical or aggregated information, including information that we process according to this Policy, to properly operate the Service, to develop and improve the quality and functionality of the Service, to enhance your experience, to create new services, including customized services, to change or cancel existing features and for other research, development and statistical purposes.
We may share, publish, post, disseminate, transmit or otherwise communicate or make available such information to suppliers, business partners, sponsors, developers, affiliates and any other third party, at our sole discretion, provided however, that we will not knowingly, or intentionally share information that can be reasonably used to reveal your identity without your consent.
TRANSFER OF DATA
OUTSIDE YOUR TERRITORY
The Service, by its nature as an online Service, may store and process information and content in various locations throughout the globe, including through cloud services. If you are a resident in a jurisdiction where transfer of your personal information to another jurisdiction requires your consent, then you provide your express and unambiguous consent to such cross-border transfer.
CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
The following disclosure is made pursuant to California Online Privacy Act (CA Civil Code § 22575): When you use our Services, other parties, such as Google, may collect personally identifiable information about your activities over time and across different websites or online services.
We do not respond to browsers’ “Do Not Track” requests.
DATA
RETENTION
We retain the information outlined above for as long as we deem necessary for the purposes set forth above. We may delete any information from our systems, without notice to you, once we deem it is no longer necessary for the purposes set forth above.
Please remember that the Service does not provide back-up services for your Videos or any other data or information uploaded or used by you.
Please note that uninstalling the App from your device will not cause your personal information to be deleted from our systems or from the Service.
INFORMATION SECURITY
We implement measures to reduce the risks of damage, loss of information and unauthorized access or use of information. However, these measures do not provide absolute information security. Therefore, although efforts are made to secure your personal information, it is not guaranteed, and you cannot expect that the Service will be immune from information security risks.
CHANGES TO THIS
PRIVACY POLICY
From time to time, we may change this Policy. If you are a registered user, we will provide you notice of such changes through the Service interface or by sending you an email notice. Your continued use of the Service after the effective date of the amended Terms constitutes your consent to the amended Policy. In case of legal requirement, we may also introduce immediate changes to the Policy and require that you accept them. In any event, if you do not consent to the amended Policy, we may terminate your account and block your access to, and use of, the Service. The latest version of the Policy will always be accessible on our website.