Privacy Policy
1. In General
1.1 Tapkey’s collection, administration and use of personal data complies with applicable data protection law by ensuring that each user is able to decide for themselves which personal information is viewable by other users.
1.2 The controller of the processing is Tapkey GmbH, Brucknerstraße 2/6, A-1040 Vienna, Austria. The data controller can be reached at
privacy@tapkey.com
.
2. Categories of the personal data processed by Tapkey / Purposes of the processing
2.1 Tapkey collects personal data when a user registers on the Site and in connection with the use of Tapkey applications, including the web shop. The personally identifiable information Tapkey collects falls into the following categories:
First and last name;
Residential or other mailing address, including street and city name;
Email address;
Date of birth;
Payment information, including but not limited to credit card information (credit card number, expiration date, CVV and portal), billing address (“Payment Information”);
Tapkey hardware identification number;
Access events and other events at Tapkey locking products (e.g., which user opened or closed which Tapkey locking product and when);
Log data and error reports from apps and other Tapkey products;
Owner data: Which user is the owner of which Tapkey locking products or which locking system (also “owner accounts”);
Role management: which user is allowed to manage a locking system;
Authorization data and corresponding relationships between users: which user is allowed to open or close which Tapkey locking products;
Mobile devices: Which user logs in from which mobile device (incl. unique IDs for the respective devices); and
NFC transponders: which user uses which NFC transponders.
Online Store Purchases: Information about orders a user has placed through Tapkey’s online store.
Website requests: information provided by a customer for a specific request or offer (information about the planned locking system).
Support Requests: information in the context of support requests that a User has submitted via the support infrastructure provided by Tapkey.
2.2 Tapkey stores and uses personal data in order to
enable the user to use the Tapkey website services in a secure, efficient and personalized manner
enable the user to use Tapkey products in a secure, efficient and personalized manner
respond to support and other communication requests
develop new applications, improve existing ones, and customize them to meet users’ needs.
perform reach measurement and similar analyses of our web traffic, provided that you consent to the use of your personal data for this purpose.
2.3 The legal basis of the processing when (i) using our website, (ii) communicating with you and (iii) further developing our applications are our legitimate interests, Art. 6 (1) lit. f GDPR. Our legitimate interests are (i) to ensure the stability and security of the website, (ii) to speed up and make efficient our communication with you, and (iii) to continuously improve the usability, security and efficiency of our products.
2.4 The legal basis of the processing when using Tapkey products is the performance of the contract that we or one of our partners have concluded with you for the use of our systems, Art. 6 (1) lit. b GDPR.
2.5 The legal basis for processing in the case of reach measurement is your consent to data processing, Art. 6 (1) lit. a GDPR. You can revoke your consent at any time without this affecting the lawfulness of the processing carried out on the basis of the consent until the revocation.
3. Use and disclosure of personal information to third parties
3.1 Tapkey does not disclose personal information to third parties unless required to do so by law or in response to one of the exceptions enumerated in this section. Tapkey takes all reasonable and necessary measures to ensure that unauthorized third parties cannot access stored data.
We may share your information with the following third parties:
3.2 The operation of our website requires the use of the service provider Shopify. We therefore share various usage data with the company Shopify Inc, 151 O’Connor Street, Ground floor, Ottawa, ON, K2P 2L8, Canada.
3.3 External Identity Providers. The registration and use of the User’s Tapkey IDs is carried out by a partner of Tapkey located outside the European Union, currently the USA. Furthermore, Tapkey uses methods for “delegation of authentication”, currently these are Google-ID and Apple-ID. The Tapkey platform uses the software modules Auth0 (more information at https://auth0.com/terms/ and https://auth0.com/privacy/) and Firebase for its login. For this purpose, the user’s email address and password are transmitted to Auth0 and Firebase, respectively.
3.4 Hosting. Tapkey currently uses the Windows Azure Cloud program (EU Data Space) for storing directly or indirectly personal data of the User. More information about Azure Cloud can be found at
https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/support/legal/
.
3.5 Payment Information. In order to make payments in the Online Shop or via In-App Payments, the User must enter payment information. Payments are made in addition to Payments via Apple In-App Purchases via Recurly, Inc. a partner of Tapkey located outside the European Union, currently the USA. For the purposes of payment processing, Tapkey transmits payment information to Recurly.  Various common payment options are offered for purchases in Tapkey’s online store (including Google Pay, Apple Pay, EPS, bank transfer, credit card; of which some transaction are consolidated via Shopify Payments).
3.6 To the extent that your personal data is transferred to Canada, we would like to point out that there is an adequacy decision of the European Commission for this country, according to which there is a level of data protection in this country equivalent to the EU.
4. Cookies
4.1 Several areas of the Tapkey Platform use “cookies”, which are small text files that are stored on the computer, smartphone and/or browser. These are used by Tapkey to provide a more user-friendly, effective and secure service. Cookies also allow Tapkey to identify the browser used and to provide certain offers to the user. Cookies do not contain any information that can be individualized.
4.2 The User has the possibility at any time to refuse the setting of cookies, by selecting the appropriate option in the browser settings. However, it should be noted that disabling cookies may reduce the scope of the Services or negatively affect the use of the Services on the Tapkey Platform.
5. Google Analytics
5.1 The Tapkey Platform uses Google Analytics, a network analysis service provided by Google Inc (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies” (see point 4, above). The information regarding the visit of a website or app, including the IP address, is collected by the cookie and usually transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. If a website has IP anonymization enabled, Google first shortens IP addresses from member states of the European Union and EEA states. The full IP address is then, only as an exception, transmitted to the Google server in the USA and only shortened there. Google uses the information collected on behalf of the website provider to analyze the use of the Tapkey platform, to compile reports on website activity and to provide additional services to Tapkey regarding the Tapkey platform and the use of the internet. Under no circumstances will Google link the IP address transmitted by the browser as part of Google Analytics with other Google data.
5.2 When accessing the Website, the User can prevent Google’s recording and processing of information regarding the use of the Tapkey Platform, including the IP address, by downloading and installing the following browser plugin:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en/
.
5.3 For more information about the terms of use and privacy policy of Google Analytics, the User can visit the pages
https://www.google.com/analytics/terms/de.html
and
https://www.google.de/intl/en/policies/
.
6. Google Ads
Tapkey uses the Google Ads Conversion tool to advertise Tapkey’s product offerings on websites operated by third parties. Based on these tools, we can measure the success of individual advertising campaigns. This allows us to take your interests into account when displaying advertising offers and to optimize our online presence for your customer experience. Advertisements are served by Google via their ad server infrastructure. For this purpose, ad server cookies are used to measure the effectiveness of displayed ads (display and user interaction). When you click on an ad, Google Ads stores a cookie on your terminal device. These cookies are not intended to be used for personal identification and expire after a certain period of time (usually 30 days). A cookie can store several pieces of information, such as the last time the ad was displayed, the number of impressions and a unique cookie ID as well as any opt-out settings (made by the user). We do not receive any personal profile data from Google (we cannot identify you personally) but only statistical information that is intended to continuously improve our advertising campaigns.
Google remarketing: we also use the remarketing option of Google services. This allows us to play out personalized advertising on other websites based on your interests with reference to our online offering. This option is limited to a maximum of 18 months. You can find more information here:
Privacy Policy of Google
. In addition, it is possible to suppress the display of interest-based advertising by
installing a browser plugin
.
7. LinkedIn Insight
We use the conversion tool “LinkedIn Insight Tag” of the company LinkedIn Ireland on our website. By using it, a cookie is created in your web browser, which enables the collection of the following data, among others: IP address, device details and browser info, as well as page events (e.g. number of page views). The collected data is encrypted and anonymized within seven days. LinkedIn does not share any personal information with us, but only enables reports on website target groups and display performance in anonymous form. Based on this cookie, targeted advertising can be displayed outside of Tapkey websites without personal identification of the website visitor. More information about data protection on the LinkedIn platform can be found in the LinkedIn Privacy Terms.
8. Facebook Pixel
Tapkey uses the Facebook Pixel tool. A cookie is stored on your device by Facebook Pixel for this purpose. Data collected via Facebook Pixel is processed by Facebook and is not directly accessible to Tapkey. The use of Facebook Pixel allows us to play ads on the Facebook platform based on your browsing behavior and to measure and continuously optimize the success of ad placements for statistical purposes. You can individually configure the display of advertisements on the Facebook platform with the corresponding settings provided.
9. Zendesk
9.1 Tapkey uses Zendesk, a product of Zendesk Inc, 410 Townsend St, San Francisco CA, 94107, USA (“Zendesk”), for processing support and customer requests as well as the help center (
https://support.tapkey.com
and
https://tapkeyb2b.zendesk.com
).
9.2 The data required for this purpose is transferred to a Zendesk server and stored there. The following personal data is collected and transmitted: Name, e-mail address and telephone number.
10. CleverReach
10.1 Tapkey uses CleverReach, a product of CleverReach GmbH & Co. KG, Schafjueckenweg 2, 26180 Rastede, Germany (“CleverReach”) to send newsletters and analyze the behavior of newsletter recipients, such as their open and click-through rates. Further information on data analysis by CleverReach newsletters is available at:
https://www.cleverreach.com/en/features/reporting-tracking/
.
10.2 In order to sign up for the Tapkey newsletter, a User must enter and confirm his/her email address (double opt-in). This data is forwarded to CleverReach and stored on its server.
10.3 The user can revoke the consent at any time by unsubscribing from the newsletter. For this purpose, we provide a corresponding link in each newsletter message. The user data will be deleted from the CleverReach servers. However, the legality of the data processing operations that have already taken place remains unaffected by the revocation. Further information on the data protection provisions of CleverReach can be found at
https://www.cleverreach.com/en/privacy-policy/
.
11. Use of ShopVote Graphics
We have included ShopVote graphics on this website to display our ShopVote seal and any collected and/or pooled ratings.
This serves to protect our valid interests that are mainly in the context of a balancing of interests in the ideal marketing of our offer in accordance with Art. 6 (1) p. 1 lit. f DSGVO. The ShopVote graphics and any related advertised services are an offer by Blickreif GmbH, Alter Messeplatz 2, 80339 Munich.
The web server automatically saves a so-called server log file when the ShopVote graphics are accessed. The server log file contains e.g. your IP address, date, and time of access, transferred amount of data and the source of access (access data), and documents of the access data. This access data is not analyzed and is automatically overridden no later than 7 days after your website visit. Other personal information will not be collected or stored by the ShopVote graphics.
12. Chatbot
Our websites are using the Chatbot platform,
www.chatbot.com,
to enable website visitors to connect with our Tapkey sales team. For this purpose, we may collect email addresses/names/company names/project-related information only with the consent of the users, in order to start a chat process and answer users’ inquiries. The messages and data exchanged are stored within the Chatbot application as well as in Zendesk for further communication. For more information, please refer to their respective Privacy Policy.
Tapkey is not making use of such chat correspondence or data other than to follow up on website visitors’ inquiries. Your personal data will be processed in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
13. Hotjar
13.1. Tapkey uses the Hotjar tracking feature of Hotjar Limited, Level 2, St Julian’s Business Centre, 3, Elia Zammit Street, St Julian’s STJ 1000, Malta (“Hotjar”). On our behalf, this service primarily uses cookies to evaluate the use of our website using pseudonyms, to compile reports on website activity and to provide us, as the website operator, with other services relating to website activity and internet usage. IP addresses will be anonymised immediately during this process. Also, the usage data are not assignable neither for us nor for Hotjar to certain persons.
13.2. If a user wants to suspend the tracking procedure by Hotjar, he/she can do so under the following link:
https://www.hotjar.com/legal/.
For more information about Hotjar’s use of cookies and its Privacy Statement, please see the information at
https://www.hotjar.com/legal/policies/privacy/
.
14. Google APIs Data
Tapkey’s use and transfer to any other app of information received from Google APIs will adhere to
Google API Services User Data Policy,
including the Limited Use requirements.
15. Changes to this Privacy Policy
If Tapkey makes changes to its privacy policy, those changes will be reflected on this page. This Privacy Policy was last modified on 24/07/2023.
16. Rights of the Data Subject
To exercise your rights below, please contact us using the contact details provided. According to the General Data Protection Regulation, you have the right to:
Access regarding your data stored by us and its processing (Art. 15 GDPR),
Rectification of incorrect personal data (Art. 16 GDPR),
Erasure of your data stored by us (Art. 17 GDPR),
Restriction of data processing if we are not yet allowed to delete your data due to legal obligations or if a more detailed examination must take place beforehand (Art. 18 GDPR),
object to the processing of your data according to Art. 21 GDPR and
Data portability, provided that you have consented to the data processing or have concluded a contract with us (Art. 20 GDPR).
In the event of violations of the GDPR, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the Member State of your habitual residence, your place of work or the place of the suspected violation. The right of appeal is without prejudice to other administrative or judicial remedies.
17. Obligations regarding the provision of personal data
The provision of the personal data is neither contractually nor legally required. However, failure to provide the (correct) data may result in the use of Tapkey products and our website being impaired.
18. Retention Period
Your personal data will only be stored by us for as long as is necessary to fulfill the purposes named above in respect to the respective data.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads?hl=en:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Advertising
Advertising keeps Google and many of the websites and services you use free of charge. We work hard to make sure that ads are safe, unobtrusive, and as relevant as possible. For example, you won’t see pop-up ads on Google, and we terminate the accounts of hundreds of thousands of publishers and advertisers that violate our policies each year – including ads containing malware, ads for counterfeit goods, or ads that attempt to misuse your personal information.
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses cookies in advertising
Cookies help to make advertising more effective. Without cookies, it’s harder for an advertiser to reach its audience, or to know how many ads were shown and how many clicks they received.
Many websites, such as news sites and blogs, partner with Google to show ads to their visitors. Working with our partners, we may use cookies for a number of purposes, such as to stop you from seeing the same ad over and over again, to detect and stop click fraud, and to show ads that are likely to be more relevant (such as ads based on websites you have visited).
We store a record of the ads we serve in our logs. These
server logs
typically include your web request, IP address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser or, if you are signed-in, that may uniquely identify you. We store this data for a number of reasons, the most important of which are to improve our services and to maintain the security of our systems. We anonymize this log data by removing part of the IP address (after 9 months) and cookie information (after 18 months).
Our advertising cookies
To help our partners manage their advertising and websites, we offer many products, including AdSense, AdWords, Google Analytics, and a range of DoubleClick-branded services. When you visit a page or see an ad that uses one of these products, either on Google services or on other sites and apps, various cookies may be sent to your browser.
These may be set from a few different domains, including google.com, doubleclick.net, googlesyndication.com, or googleadservices.com, or the domain of our partners’ sites. Some of our advertising products enable our partners to use other services in conjunction with ours (like an ad measurement and reporting service), and these services may send their own cookies to your browser. These cookies will be set from their domains.
See more detail about the
types of cookies used by Google
and our partners and
how we use them
.
How you can control advertising cookies
You can use
ad settings
to manage the Google ads you see and turn off personalized ads. Even if you turn off personalized ads, you may still see ads based on factors such as your general location derived from your IP address, your browser type, and your search terms.
You can also manage many companies’ cookies used for online advertising via the consumer choice tools created under self-regulation programs in many countries, such as the US-based
aboutads.info choices
page or the EU-based
Your Online Choices
.
Finally, you can
manage cookies in your web browser
.
Other technologies used in advertising
Google’s advertising systems may use other technologies, including Flash and HTML5, for functions like display of interactive ad formats. We may use the
IP address
, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also select advertising based on information about your computer or device, such as the time and date, your device model, browser type, or sensors in your device like the accelerometer.
Location
Google’s ad products may receive or infer information about your location from a variety of sources. For example, we may use the IP address to identify your general location; we may receive precise location from your mobile device; we may infer your location from your search queries; and websites or apps that you use may send information about your location to us.  Google uses location information in our ads products to infer demographic information, to improve the relevance of the ads you see, to measure ad performance and to report aggregate statistics to advertisers.
Advertising identifiers for mobile apps
To serve ads in services where cookie technology may not be available (for example, in mobile applications), we may use technologies that perform similar functions to cookies. Sometimes Google links the identifier used for advertising on mobile applications to an advertising cookie on the same device in order to coordinate ads across your mobile apps and mobile browser. This can happen, for example, when you see an ad within an app that launches a web page in your mobile browser. This also helps us improve the reports we give to our advertisers on the effectiveness of their campaigns.
Ads you see on your device may be personalized based on its Advertising ID. On Android devices, you can:
Reset your device’s advertising ID
, which replaces the current ID with a new one. Apps can still show you personalized ads, but for a while they may not be as relevant or interesting to you.
Delete your device’s advertising ID
, which deletes the advertising ID and doesn't assign a new one. Apps can still show you ads, but they may not be as relevant or interesting to you. You won't see ads based on this advertising ID, but you may still see ads based on other factors, like the information you’ve shared with apps.
To make changes to the advertising ID on your Android device, follow the instructions below.
Android
Reset your device’s advertising ID
To reset your device’s advertising ID:
On your Android device, go to
Settings
.
Tap
Privacy
>
Ads
.
Tap
Reset advertising ID
and confirm your changes.
Delete your device’s advertising ID
To delete your device’s advertising ID:
On your Android device, go to
Settings
.
Tap
Privacy
>
Ads
.
Tap
Delete advertising ID
and confirm your changes.
Your advertising ID will be reset or deleted, but apps may have their own settings using other types of identifiers, which can also affect the types of ads you see.
On some older versions of Android
If your Android device’s version is 4.4 or older:
Open
Settings
Tap
Privacy
>
Advanced
>
Ads
Turn on
Opt out of Ads Personalization
and confirm your changes.
iOS
Devices with iOS use Apple’s Advertising Identifier. To learn more about your choices for use of this identifier, visit the
Settings
app on your device.
Connected TV/Over-the-Top
Advertising identifiers for connected TV
Connected TVs are another area where cookie technology is not available, and, instead, Google will rely on device identifiers designed for use in advertising to serve ads. Many connected TV devices support an identifier for advertising that is similar in function to mobile device identifiers. These identifiers are built to give users the option to reset them or to opt out of personalized advertising entirely.
The following “Ads” settings are available on TVs with the following consistent language:
Reset advertising ID
Delete advertising ID
Opt out of Ads Personalization (on or off)
Ads by Google (links to About Google ad personalization)
Your advertising ID (long string)
These Ads settings are available in the following paths on Google TV and Android TV respectively.
Google TV
Consistent path to Ads:
Settings
Privacy
Ads
Android TV
Ads settings show up in one of two general paths for Android TV depending on the TV manufacturer/model. In Android TV, partners have the freedom to adapt the Settings path. It’s up to the partner which path they use to best fit their custom TV experience but below are the common paths to Ad settings.
Path A:
Settings
About
Legal Information
Ads
Path B:
Settings
Devices Preferences
About
Legal Information
Ads
Non-Google Devices
Many connected TV devices support identifiers for advertising and offer ways for users to opt out of personalized advertising. A full list of those devices, and ways users can opt out, is kept updated on the Network Advertising Initiative’s website here:
https://thenai.org/opt-out/connected-tv-choices/
.
What determines the ads by Google that I see?
Many decisions are made to determine which ad you see.
Sometimes the ad you see is based on your current or past location. Your IP address is usually a good indication of your approximate location. So you might see an ad on the homepage of YouTube.com that promotes a forthcoming movie in your country, or a search for ‘pizza’ might return results for pizza places in your town.
Sometimes the ad you see is based on the context of a page. If you’re looking at a page of gardening tips, you might see ads for gardening equipment.
Sometimes you might also see an ad on the web that’s based on your app activity or activity on Google services; an in-app ad that’s based on your web activity; or an ad based on your activity on another device.
Sometimes the ad you see on a page is served by Google but selected by another company. For example, you might have registered with a newspaper website. From information you’ve given the newspaper, it can make decisions about which ads to show you, and it can use Google’s ad serving products to deliver those ads.
The ad you see on a household device, such as a connected TV (such as a Smart TV), may be related to the web or app activity from devices within the same household.
You may also see ads on Google products and services, including Search, Gmail, and YouTube, based on information, such as your email address, that you provided to advertisers and the advertisers then shared with Google.
Why am I seeing ads by Google for products I’ve viewed?
You may see ads for products you previously viewed. Let’s suppose you visit a website that sells golf clubs, but you don’t buy those clubs on your first visit. The website owner might want to encourage you to return and complete your purchase. Google offers services that let website operators target their ads to people who visited their pages.
For this to work, Google either reads a cookie that’s already in your browser or places a cookie in your browser when you visit the golfing site (assuming your browser lets this happen).
When you visit another site that works with Google, which may have nothing to do with golfing, you might see an ad for those golf clubs. That’s because your browser sends Google the same cookie. In turn, we may use that cookie to serve you an ad that could encourage you to buy those golf clubs.
Your visit to the golfing site may also be used by Google to show you personalized ads when you later search for golf clubs on Google.
We do have restrictions on this type of ad. For example, we prohibit advertisers from selecting an audience based on sensitive information, such as health information or religious beliefs.
Learn more about
Google ads
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 1
https://www.cleverreach.com/en/privacy-policy/:
Deutsch
English
Español
Français
Italiano
Nederlands
Support
Login
Login: customer
Login: affiliate
Home
>
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Here you can find our Privacy Policy
1. General Privacy Policy
Insofar as we decide either alone or jointly with others on the purposes and means of data processing, this includes above all the obligation to inform you transparently about the nature, scope, purpose, duration and legal basis of the processing (cf. Articles 13 and 14 GDPR). With this statement (hereinafter: ” Privacy Policy “), we inform you about the manner in which your personal data is processed by us.
Definitions
Following the example of Art. 4 GDPR, this Privacy Policy is based on the following definitions:
‘personal data’ (Art. 4 No. 1 GDPR) means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (‘data subject’); an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person;
‘processing’ (Art. 4 No. 2 GDPR) means any operation or set of operations which is performed on personal data or on sets of personal data, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording, organisation, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction;
‘controller’ (Art. 4 No. 7 GDPR) means the natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of personal data; where the purposes and means of such processing are determined by Union or Member State law, the controller or the specific criteria for its nomination may be provided for by Union or Member State law;
‘third party’ (Art. 4 No. 10 GDPR) means a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or body other than the data subject, controller, processor and persons who, under the direct authority of the controller or processor, are authorised to process personal data;
‘processor’ (Art. 4 No. 8 GDPR) means a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes personal data on behalf of the controller;
‘consent’ (Art. 4 No. 11 GDPR) of the data subject means any freely given, specific, informed and unambiguous indication of the data subject’s wishes by which he or she, by a statement or by a clear affirmative action, signifies agreement to the processing of personal data relating to him or her;
Data Controller
CleverReach GmbH & Co. KG is responsible for the data collection and processing explained in this policy. You can find our contact data in our imprint.
Usage data & log files
When you visit our web pages, temporary so-called usage data are stored on our web server for statistical purposes as a protocol to improve the quality of our web pages. This data set contains:
The page from which the file was requested,
The file name,
The date and time of the query,
The amount of data transferred,
The access status (file transferred, file not found),
The description of the type of web browser used,
The IP address of the requesting computer, which is shortened so that a personal reference can no longer be established.
These log data are only stored anonymously. We store this log data strictly earmarked for a maximum of seven days to be able to detect, limit, and eliminate attacks on our websites. We delete these data at the end of this period. The legal basis is Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR.
Due to the use of subcontractors, data processing may also be performed outside the EU or EEA. Please note that there is a risk that authorities may access the data for security and monitoring purposes without you being informed or having a right to object. If you consent, the transfer to a third country will be based on Art. 49 (1) (a) GDPR.
2. Analysis tools and third-party tools
When you visit our website, your surfing behavior can be statistically evaluated. This is primarily done with cookies and so-called analysis programs. The analysis of your surfing behavior usually takes place anonymously – it cannot be traced back to you. You may object to this analysis or prevent it by not using certain tools. Read this privacy policy for further details.
3. Cookies
We use cookies on our websites. Cookies are small text files that are assigned to the browser you are using and stored on your hard drive by means of a characteristic string of characters, and through which certain information flows to the entity that sets the cookie. Cookies cannot execute programs or transfer viruses to your computer and therefore cannot cause any damage. They serve to make the offer as a whole more user-friendly and effective, i.e. more pleasant for you.
Cookies can contain data that make it possible to recognize the device used. In some cases, however, cookies only contain information on certain settings that cannot be related to a specific person. However, cookies cannot directly identify a user.
A distinction is made between session cookies, which are deleted as soon as you close your browser, and permanent cookies, which are stored beyond the individual session.
In terms of their function, cookies are in turn distinguished between:
Technical cookies: these are mandatory to move around the website, use basic functions and ensure the security of the website; they do not collect information about you for marketing purposes, nor do they store which web pages you have visited;
Performance cookies: these collect information about how you use our website, which pages you visit and, for example, whether errors occur during website use; they do not collect information that could identify you – all information collected is anonymous and is only used to improve our website and find out what interests our users;
Advertising Cookies, Targeting Cookies: these are used to provide the website user with tailored advertising on the website or third party offers and to measure the effectiveness of these offers; advertising and targeting cookies are stored for a maximum of 14 months;
Sharing cookies: these are used to improve the interactivity of our website with other services (e.g. social networks); Sharing cookies are stored for a maximum of 3 months.
Any use of cookies that is not strictly technically necessary constitutes data processing that is only permitted with your explicit and active consent pursuant to Art. 6 (1) p. 1 lit. a GDPR. This applies in particular to the use of advertising, targeting or sharing cookies. In addition, we will only share your personal data processed through cookies with third parties if you have given your express consent to do so pursuant to Art. 6 (1) p. 1 lit. a GDPR.
3a. Google Analytics
For the demand-oriented design of our website we create pseudonymous usage profiles with Google Analytics.
Google Analytics
use cookies that are placed on your device and we can read them. This allows us to recognize returning visitors and count them as such.
The information a cookie generates about your use of this website is usually transferred to a Google server in the United States and will be stored there. However, because we have activated IP anatomization on this website, your IP address will be shortened beforehand by Google within Member States of the European Union. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transferred to a Google server in the USA and be shortened there. If the data is processed outside the EU/EEA, please note that authorities may access the data for security and monitoring purposes without you being informed or having the right to appeal. If we use providers in unsafe third countries and you give your consent, the transfer to a third country takes place based on Art. 49 para. 1 letter a GDPR.
To ensure the level of data protection in the case of processing in third countries (in particular also the USA), Google Ireland Ltd. has agreed to the standard contractual clauses with its subcontracted processors (in particular Google LLC), which are based on Module 3 of the standard contractual clauses for the transfer of personal data to third countries adopted by the European Commission on June 4, 2021 (
https://business.safety.google/adsprocessorterms/sccs/eu-p2p-intra-group/
).
The legal basis for the data processing is your consent pursuant to Art. 6 (1) a GDPR or § 25 (1) TTDSG
3b. Facebook Pixel
Our website uses the “visitor action pixel” of Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd, 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland (“Facebook”).
This way, the behavior of page visitors can be tracked after they have been forwarded to the provider’s website by clicking on a Facebook advertisement. This allows the effectiveness of Facebook advertisements to be evaluated for statistical and market research purposes and future advertising measures to be optimized.
For us as the operator of this website, the collected data is anonymous; we cannot draw any conclusions about the identity of the users.
However, the data is stored and processed by Facebook, so that a connection to the respective user profile is possible and Facebook can use the data for its own advertising purposes, in accordance with the Facebook data usage policy (
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
).
This allows Facebook to serve ads on Facebook pages and outside of Facebook.
A cookie may also be stored on your computer for this purpose. The data processed by Facebook and linked to cookies are automatically deleted after 90 days.
Please see Facebook’s privacy policy for more information about your privacy:
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
.
You can also deactivate the marketing function “Custom Audiences” in the settings section for advertisements at
https://www.facebook.com/ads/preferences/?entry_product=ad_settings_screen
. You must be logged in to Facebook.
If you do not have a Facebook account, you can disable Facebook usage-based advertising on the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance website:
https://www.youronlinechoices.com/uk/your-ad-choices
.
The legal basis for the data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 subparagraph 1 lit. a GDPR or § 25 para. 1 TTDSG.
With your consent, you also agree pursuant to Art. 49 para. 1 p. 1a) GDPR that your data will be processed in the USA. The USA is assessed by the European Court of Justice as a country with an insufficient level of data protection according to EU standards.
In particular, there is a risk that your data may be processed by U.S. authorities for control and monitoring purposes, possibly also without any legal remedy.
3c. Retargeting Google
We use Google’s cross-device remarketing technologies to enable us to display targeted advertising on other websites based on your visit to our websites.
When you visit our websites, it is possible that Google’s Cross-Device Remarketing technologies may retrieve recognition features for your browser or your end device (e.g. create a so-called browser fingerprint), evaluate your IP address or store a recognition feature in the form of a small data file on your end device (e.g. a so-called third-party cookie).
It is also possible that Google may link and store your visit to our website with one or more of these recognition features in order to display our advertising on other pages on the Internet. The recognition features described above are designed as pseudonyms.
Due to the cross-device remarketing technologies at Google, we can commission the placement of advertisements on other websites that are based on the visits on our websites. So, if you visit another website that is part of Google’s display advertising network, Google can use the recognition features to determine alternatives, and if so, which of our ads should be displayed to you. For more information on how Google Remarketing technologies work, visit
https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/
.
If you sign in to Google services with your own credentials or use one or more of your own Google accounts, Google may link the recognition features of different browsers and devices.
So, if Google has created a recognition feature for your laptop, desktop PC or smartphone or tablet, you can associate those features once you use or have used a Google service with your sign-in information. In this way, Google can also play our advertising campaigns beyond end devices in a targeted manner. However, Google will only do this if you have agreed to this data processing in the past.
You have the option of making settings for advertising. You can object to this form of advertising at any time. To do so, please visit
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922
and deactivate personalized advertising. Please note that these settings may not affect all devices and browsers.
The legal basis for the data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 subparagraph 1 lit. a GDPR or § 25 para. 1 TTDSG.
3d. Google Ads, Google Ads conversion tracking and extended conversions
This website uses Google Ads. Google Ads is an online advertising service provided by Google Ireland Ltd, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland (“Google”). Google is the controller.
As part of Google Ads, we use so-called conversion tracking. When you click on an ad placed by Google, a cookie is set for conversion tracking.
These cookies expire 90 days after they are created. They are not used to identify users personally. If a user visits certain pages of this website and the cookie has not yet expired, Google and we can see that the user clicked on the ad and was redirected to this page.
Each user gets a different cookie. You cannot track these cookies through the websites of users. The information collected using the conversion cookie is used to generate conversion statistics for Ads customers who have opted for conversion tracking. Customers are told the total number of users who clicked on their ad and were redirected to a page with a conversion tracking tag. However, they do not receive any information that can be used to personally identify users. If you don’t want to be tracked, you can easily turn off the Google Conversion Tracking cookie in your Internet browser settings. Then you won’t be included in the conversion tracking statistics.
Google Ads uses Google Enhanced Conversions. This helps us understand and improve the performance of our advertising campaigns. To do this, we record the email addresses (called PIs later) you enter on our pages in a hashed format. Enhanced Conversions is a feature that can improve the accuracy of conversion tracking while protecting user privacy. It supplements existing conversion tags with the hashed PIs from the website. As part of the Enhanced Conversion feature, your hashed PIs on certain pages are sent to Google.
These measures are only used if you have agreed to use this Google Enhanced Conversions feature and Google Ads Conversion Tracking in the tool settings. When we enrich the inventory data, we also use the consent you gave us. Only data from the sources you have consented to will be used.
You can find more information on how Google processes your data for advertisements in Google’s
privacy policy
and in
Google Ads Help
.
The legal basis for processing your data is your consent, in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 subpara. 1 lit. a GDPR or § 25 para. 1 TTDSG.
3e. Hotjar
This website uses the Hotjar tool of the provider Hotjar Limited (Hotjar Ltd.), Dragonara Business Centre, 5th Floor, Dragonara Road, Paceville St Julian’s STJ 3141, Malta, to analyze the use of our offers. Hotjar provides a variety of options such as heat maps, visitor recordings, funnel and form analytics, feedback polls, surveys, and recruiters (for more information, please visit
https://www.hotjar.com/
).
Hotjar is a complete analytics-and-feedback tool that provides both online behavior analytics and feedback from website visitors. By combining both A) analytics and B) feedback, Hotjar gives us a “big picture” of how to improve our website user experience and performance.
In doing so, the analytics tool allows us to monitor user behavior (what users are doing), while the feedback tool allows us to hear what users are saying (user voice). By doing so, Hotjar allows us to analyze and understand the behavior patterns of our website visitors and customers on our web presences with the help of using analytics and feedback. The sole purpose of the data collection is to improve the functionality of the website and the overall user experience of users and customers.
As part of the use of Hotjar, data may be processed such as the IP address (stored in anonymized form), screen resolution, device type (unique device identifiers), operating system, browser, geographic location (country only), language preferred to view our website, mouse movements, keystrokes, referral URL and domain, web pages visited and date and time when the web pages were visited. In order to work properly, Hotjar sets cookies in your browser.
These have different lifetimes; some remain stored for up to 365 days, some only during the current website visit (see:
https://help.hotjar.com/hc/en-us/articles/115011789248-Hotjar-Cookie-Information
).
The legal basis for the data processing is your consent pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 subparagraph 1 lit. a GDPR or § 25 para. 1 TTDSG.
You can revoke your consent via the banner (by clicking on “Cookie settings” in the footer) at any time. The information generated and processed by cookies and, if applicable, integrated script of the service about your use of this website is usually transmitted to a server of Hotjar in Ireland (European Union) and stored there (
https://help.hotjar.com/hc/en-us/articles/115011639887-Data-Safety-Privacy- Security#FAQ_1
).
We have also entered into a contract for commissioned processing with Hotjar Limited in accordance with Art. 28 GDPR, in which the provider undertakes to make appropriate and legally binding contractual arrangements and to take control measures to ensure data protection and data security when using subcontractors and under which data transfers to third countries take place under EU standard data protection clauses. The processor will also use all information strictly for the purpose of analyzing the use of our website and user-related behavior for us.
For more information on data protection at Hotjar, see:
https://www.hotjar.com/privacy/
.
3f. Microsoft Ads
This website uses Microsoft Ads, a service provided by Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited, One Microsoft Place, South County Business Park, Leopardstown, Dublin 18, Ireland.
When you click on one of our ads on Bing or on selected Bing network sites, a temporary cookie is placed on your computer. When you now reach one of our conversion pages – recognizable for Microsoft Bing and us – we know that you have previously clicked on the ad. This is used to create conversion statistics, i.e. to record how many users reach a conversion page after clicking on an ad, i.e. to complete an order process.
If you do not wish to participate in the tracking procedure, you can also refuse the setting of a cookie required for this.
The legal basis for the data processing is your consent in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 subparagraph 1 lit. a GDPR or § 25 para. 1 TTDSG.
3g. Social plugins
Our website contains icons of the social networks Facebook and Instagram, the Internet video portal YouTube and the microblogging service Twitter. These services are provided by the companies Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd. (“Facebook” and “Instagram”); Google Ireland Limited (“YouTube”) and Twitter International Company. Inc. (“Twitter”) and each have their own privacy regulations.
This gives you the opportunity to share the posts deposited on our website on the aforementioned platforms. These are not plugins, but merely links that forward to the respective provider to share posts there.
Normally, these social plugins lead to the fact that every visitor to a page is immediately recorded by these services with his IP address and his further activities on the Internet are logged. This happens even if the user does not click on any of the buttons.
To prevent this, we use the Shariff method. Our social buttons establish direct contact between the social network and the visitor only when the latter actively clicks on the button.
By clicking on the corresponding icon, the respective target page opens in a separate tab/window and you must then log in there with your data. In doing so, you will leave our website and your data will be processed by these services in accordance with their privacy protection regulations. Information on the page of origin (so-called referrer data) is transferred to the target page so that the content or posts can be displayed there.
For further information and technical details on the Shariff solution, please visit:
Initiative of heise.de for a 2-click method called “Shariff”.
For more information on data processing on the provider pages, please refer to the data protection notices of the operators.
Data protection information from Facebook:
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
Privacy policy of YouTube:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Privacy policy of Twitter:
https://twitter.com/privacy
3h. Taboola
We use services provided by Taboola Inc (1115 Broadway, 7th Floor, New York, NY 10010, USA) on our website. Taboola uses cookies that determine which content you use and which of our pages you visit.
These cookies are not used for personal identification, but only collect pseudonymized data.
Taboola collects the following user information by means of cookies: User’s operating system, web pages/content accessed on our websites, referrer/link through which the user came to our website, time and number of website visits, location information (city and state), IP addresses in shortened form.
If you visit certain pages of ours and the cookie has not yet expired, we and the providers can recognize that someone has clicked on the ad and thus been redirected to our site.
You can find more data protection information on Taboola at:
https://www.taboola.com/policies/privacy-policy
.
The legal basis for data processing is your consent pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 subparagraph 1 lit. a GDPR or § 25 para. 1 TTDSG.
3i. SurveyMonkey
For individual surveys, we use the web service SurveyMonkey (SurveyMonkey Europe UC, 2nd Floor, 2 Shelbourne Buildings, Shelbourne Road, Ballsbridge, Dublin 4, Ireland) to create and analyse online surveys. Your Participation is voluntary.
SurveyMonkey collects information about the device and application you use to take the survey. This includes your IP address, operating system version, device type, device ID/MAC address, system and performance information, and browser type. If you participate in the survey via a mobile device, SurveyMonkey also collects the device’s UUID. SurveyMonkey also uses third-party tracking services, which in turn use cookies and page tags to collect usage data and user statistics. We have no control over the amount of data SurveyMonkey collects. In addition, SurveyMonkey collects response data, metadata and cookie data using machine learning techniques to develop new features and improve its service, detect fraud and develop products with aggregated data. This is also used to provide useful and relevant insights to survey companies, such as CleverReach in this case.
For more information about the cookies SurveyMonkey uses, privacy and retention periods, please visit the following link
https://www.surveymonkey.com/mp/legal/privacy/
.
As a survey participant, you can contact us at any time to request deletion of your survey data, including personal data if collected. A subsequent correction of individual answers after the survey has been sent is not possible.
The legal basis for data processing is your consent in accordance with Art. 6 (1) lit. a DS-GVO or § 25 (1) TTDSG.
With your consent, you also consent to your data being processed in the USA pursuant to Art. 49 (1) p. 1a DSGVO. For transfers to the U.S., an adequate level of data protection is ensured by the certification of the provider under the adequacy decision (EU-U.S. Privacy Framework).
3j. WiredMinds
Our website uses the pixel-code technology of WiredMinds GmbH (
www.wiredminds.de
, Lindenspürstraße 32, 70176 Stuttgart) to analyse visitor behaviour. This involves processing the IP address of a visitor. The processing is carried out exclusively for the purpose of collecting company-relevant information such as the company name. IP addresses of natural persons are excluded from further use (whitelist procedure). The IP address is not stored in LeadLab under any circumstances. When processing the data, it is in our particular interest to protect the data protection rights of natural persons.
Our interest is based on Art. 6 para. 1 lit. (f) GDPR. The data we collect does not allow any conclusions to be drawn about an identifiable person at any time, and WiredMinds GmbH uses this information to create anonymous user profiles based on the visiting behaviour on our website. The data obtained is not used to personally identify visitors to our website. An order processing contract has been concluded with WireMinds GmbH in accordance with Art. 28 GDPR.
Exclude from tracking
(A technically necessary cookie is set to permanently exclude you from tracking by WiredMinds LeadLab on this website)
4. Explanation of safety measures
To protect your data from unwanted access as comprehensively as possible, we take technical and organizational measures. We use encryption on our pages. Your information is transmitted from your computer to our server and vice versa via the Internet using TLS encryption. You know this by the fact that the lock symbol is closed in the status bar of your browser and the address line starts with https://.
5. Rights of the data subject
When processing your personal data, GDPR grants you as a website user certain rights:
Right of access by the data subject (Art. 15 GDPR):
You have the right to obtain from the controller confirmation as to whether personal data concerning you are being processed; if this is the case, you have a right to access this personal data and to all information specified in Art. 15 GDPR.
Right to rectification and erasure (Art. 16 and 17 GDPR):
You have the right to request the immediate rectification of inaccurate personal data concerning you and, if necessary, the completion of incomplete personal data. You also have the right to obtain the immediate erasure of personal data concerning you if one of the reasons specified in Art. 17 GDPR applies, e.g. if the data is no longer required for the purposes pursued.
Right to restriction of processing (Art. 18 GDPR):
You have the right to request a restriction on processing if one of the conditions set out in Article 18 GDPR applies, e.g. if you have lodged an objection to processing, for the duration of any examination.
Right to data portability (Art. 20 GDPR):
In certain cases, which are listed in Article 20 of GDPR, you have the right to receive personal data concerning you in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format or to request the transmission of this data to a third party.
Right to object (Art. 21 GDPR):
If data is collected on the basis of Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR (data processing to protect legitimate interests), you have the right to object to the processing at any time for reasons arising from your particular situation. We will then no longer process your personal data unless there are demonstrably compelling reasons worthy of protection for the processing which outweigh the interests, rights and freedoms of the data subject, or the processing serves to assert, exercise or defend legal claims.
Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority
According to Art. 77 GDPR, you have the right of appeal to a supervisory authority if you believe that the processing of data concerning you violates data protection regulations. The right of appeal may be exercised in particular before a supervisory authority in the Member State where you are staying, working or suspected of infringing.
6. Contact details of the data protection officer
Our company data protection officer will be happy to provide you with information or suggestions on the subject of data protection:
Dr. Uwe Schläger
datenschutz nord GmbH
Konsul-Smidt-Straße 88
28217 Bremen
Germany
Web: www.datenschutz-nord-gruppe.de
Email: office@datenschutz-nord.de
Phone: +49 421/696632-0
7. Newsletter on request
We offer you the opportunity to subscribe to our newsletter on our website. If you have given us your separate consent to inform you about our own products and services by email, the corresponding processing is based on Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR. In addition, we offer you the opportunity to subscribe to our info newsletter with relevant information about selected partners and their services for your email marketing. These are primarily services that can improve online marketing.
By registering for this newsletter, you agree that we may track your clicking and opening behavior in order to provide you with the best possible newsletter service. If we process your personal data on the basis of your consent, you may revoke your consent at any time without affecting the legality of the processing to date. If you do not wish to receive our newsletter in the future, you can easily unsubscribe at any time, e.g. by sending an email to
info@cleverreach.com
or by clicking on the unsubscribe link you can find in every newsletter email. Your personal data will be deleted within 3 months after the end of your newsletter subscription, provided that the deletion does not conflict with any legal obligation to retain your data.
8. Contact & Support Form
You have the option to contact us via web forms.
When you submit the form, you agree that the information you provide will be recorded electronically and stored for up to six years. The legal basis for processing your information in the contractual relationship is Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. b GDPR, otherwise Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in conducting the exchange you are seeking or in processing your request appropriately. We will only use your data this way.
a) Via our support website
To use
this
contact form, we only need your email address. You can provide more information, but it’s not required.
We use Zendesk, a software solution offered by Zendesk Inc. (1019 Market St, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA), to process your support or contact request. Your data is processed on Zendesk’s servers, which are located exclusively in the USA and comply with the GDPR. We have also made data protection agreements with Zendesk. These agreements include the EU’s standard data protection clauses. These agreements require Zendesk to process our customers’ data according to our instructions. Zendesk is also required to protect our customers’ data and not share it with third parties. Zendesk Inc. takes further technical precautions to protect personal data. Personal data is not shared with third parties, as outlined in Art. 4 No. 10 GDPR.
b) Via your CleverReach account
When you use
this
contact form, we record your email address, account number, browser used, and screen resolution data. You can provide more information, but it’s not required.
We use Usersnap, a software solution offered by Usersnap GmbH, to process your support or contact request. Usersnap GmbH is located at Herrenstrasse 6, A-4020 Linz, Austria, Europe. Your data is stored on servers hosted by Usersnap in data centers of AWS (Amazon Web Services), which are located exclusively in Europe (Germany or Ireland). Usersnap GmbH takes further technical precautions to protect personal data. Personal data is not shared with third parties, as outlined in Art. 4 No. 10 GDPR.
This data is also sent to Zendesk, which is offered by Zendesk Inc. The address is 1019 Market St, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA. Your data is processed on Zendesk’s servers, which are located exclusively in the USA and comply with the GDPR. We have also made data protection agreements with Zendesk that include the EU’s standard data protection rules. These agreements require Zendesk to process our customers’ data according to our instructions, to keep it secure, and not to share it with other companies. Zendesk Inc. takes further technical precautions to protect personal data. Personal data is not shared with third parties, as outlined in Art. 4 No. 10 GDPR.
9. Account registration to use our software
To use our CleverReach software for free, you need to register first. For account registration we collect your email address on the basis of Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR. We will store your data until you object to its storage by email to info@cleverreach.com in which you wish to delete your account. If there are no legal retention periods, your data will be deleted within 10 days after you have entered your objection.
We will provide you with our free account in exchange for the ability to regularly send you news, promotions and product information via email. The CleverReach GmbH & Co. KG will use your data exclusively for the aforementioned purpose and will not pass it on to third parties. You can unsubscribe from the newsletter in any email or object to the storage of your data by email to info@cleverreach.com and request that we delete your data at any time, provided that the erasure does not conflict with any legal storage obligations.
We use the software solution HubSpot Sales Hub, provided by HubSpot, Inc., 25 First Street, Cambridge, MA 02141 USA, for the registration and administration of customer data. Your data is processed on servers hosted by HubSpot, Inc. in Germany, among other places, and within the scope of the GDPR. We have also entered into appropriate data protection agreements with HubSpot, Inc. (including in accordance with the EU standard data protection clauses or a DPA in accordance with order processing pursuant to Art. 28 GDPR) that require the provider to process our customers’ data strictly in accordance with our instructions, to protect it, and not to share it with third parties. HubSpot, Inc. takes additional technical precautions to protect personal information. We do not share personal data with third parties as defined by Art. 4 (10) GDPR.
10. Paid use
If you want to use our CleverReach software as a paid version, you have to register first. We store and use your personal data, which you transmit in the course of the registration or an order process, on the basis of Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR exclusively for the processing of your orders. We will use your email address to inform you about the status of your order or to send you the respective receipts. We also offer you to send you account reports and news & product information by email.
If after the conclusion of a chargeable contract there is an obligation to provide us with your payment data (e.g. account number for direct debit authorization), this data is required for payment processing. Payment transactions via the common means of payment (Visa/MasterCard, PayPal, direct debiting) are made exclusively via an encrypted SSL or TLS connection.In the case of encrypted communication, your payment data you transmit to us cannot be read by third parties. We may transfer data to other responsible parties (such as PayPal (Europe) or Mollie B.V.) who are necessary payment service providers for the secure execution of the payment.
11. Use of Ratings
a. Description and scope of data processing
This website uses components of the rating portal of Trustpilot, TrustPilot A/S, Pilestraede 58, 5th Floor, 1112 Copenhagen, Denmark (hereinafter “Trustpilot”). CleverReach may contact you by email to invite you to evaluate the service or products you have received from us. For this purpose, your name, first name, email address and a reference number will be transmitted to Trustpilot. Trustpilot will neither use this information itself nor pass it on to third parties. The review will be verified using the reference number via a specially generated link. Submitting a review is voluntary. Sometimes it is necessary to create/open a user profile on Trustpilot in order to submit a review or record customer feedback. This user profile can also be used to submit reviews for any company on the Trustpilot review portal.
b. Legal basis for data processing
The processing of your rating data is voluntary and in accordance with Art. 6 (1 a) GDPR. By creating your user profile on Trustpilot, you consent to the processing by Trustpilot. We have concluded an order processing contract for the processing of the data in accordance with Art. 28 GDPR.
c. Purpose of data processing
The data is transferred as part of a customer relationship and to improve our services. We ask our customers to provide feedback for quality assurance and marketing purposes by publishing the feedback. CleverReach may also use such ratings in other advertising media and materials for advertising and promotional purposes.
d. Duration of storage, objection and deletion options
The data will only be stored for as long as necessary (purpose). Your data will then be deleted or made anonymous so that it can no longer be used to identify you. If you register with the review portal, we have no control over Trustpilot’s deletion periods. Please refer to Trustpilot’s privacy policy (see “Information from the third party provider”). You have the option to reject the review at any time by not agreeing to it. You can revoke your consent at any time for the future by sending a message to the rating platform itself (privacy@trustpilot.com).
e. Third Party Information
You can find Trustpilot’s privacy policy and general terms and conditions at:
https://legal.trustpilot.com/for-reviewers/end-user-privacy-terms
.
12. Applications, in particular via HCM4all
We process your data within the scope of applicant management for the purpose of deciding on establishing an employment relationship on the basis of § 26 of the Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG). We process the data you provide in the course of your (online) application exclusively for the purpose of selecting applicants. Data will not be processed for other purposes.
You yourself determine the scope of data that you would like to submit as part of your application. Applications are transmitted electronically to our Human Resources Department where they are processed as quickly as possible. Applications are forwarded to the heads of the relevant specialist departments in our company. Beyond that, your data will not be passed on. our information will be treated confidentially in our company. If your application is unsuccessful, your documents will be deleted after 6 months.
With your express consent, we will store your data for an additional 24 months in our applicant or talent pool to consider it in future job advertisements.
The talent pool is managed by the entire Ashampoo group of companies that consists of the following companies:
Ashampoo GmbH & Co. KG
CleverReach GmbH & Co. KG
Personizer GmbH & Co. KG
In case your application is considered for another vacant position at the Ashampoo group of companies, we will forward your application documents to the respective department and contact you by phone or e-mail if necessary. Your data will be processed based on art. 6 para. 1 lit. a, 7 GDPR in connection with § 26 paragraph 2 BDSG.
Your declaration of consent includes the processing of all data that you have made available to us within the scope of the application procedure. In addition, data that was necessary to process the application (correspondence, handwritten notes from job interviews, etc.) will also be processed and stored. Additionally, we may process job-related information made publicly available by you, such as a profile on business-related social media networks or online job portals.
Your data is only accessible to selected employees within the Ashampoo group of companies who are involved in filling vacant positions. Your data will only be passed on within the Ashampoo group of companies to the extent necessary for the application process. Your data will not be passed on to third parties or used for other purposes.
Unless you revoke your consent to the processing of your data in the talent pool, your data will be completely deleted after 24 months at the latest. You will not be informed about the deletion of your data.
You can revoke your consent informally at any time, e.g. by sending an e-mail to
hr@crash.immo
.
We use the software solution HCM4all GmbH, Trogerstraße 48, 81675 Munich, Germany, to carry out the application management.
We have also concluded appropriate data protection agreements with HCM4all (including the EU standard data protection clauses), by which we oblige the provider to process our applicants’ data strictly in accordance with instructions, to protect them and not to pass them on to third parties. HCM4all takes further technical precautions to protect personal data. A transfer of personal data to third parties in terms of Art. 4 (10) GDPR does not take place.
13. YouTube videos
Our website uses plugins from Google’s YouTube site. This website is operated by YouTube, LLC, 901 Cherry Ave, San Bruno, CA 94066, USA. If you visit one of our pages equipped with a YouTube plugin, a connection to the YouTube servers is established. The YouTube server is informed which of our pages you have visited. Furthermore, Youtube can store various cookies on your end device. With the help of these cookies, Youtube can obtain information about visitors to our website. This information is used, among other things, to collect video statistics, improve user-friendliness and prevent fraud attempts.
The cookies remain on your terminal until you delete them.
If you are logged into your YouTube account, you allow YouTube to associate your surfing behavior directly with your personal profile. You can prevent this by logging out of your YouTube account. The use of YouTube is in the interest of an appealing presentation of our online offers. This represents a legitimate interest within the meaning of Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR. Further information on how user data is handled can be found in YouTube’s data protection declaration at:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
.
14. Captcha
To protect our web forms from automated queries, we use a third party captcha provider. As part of the captcha function, you may be asked to complete tasks or click on checkboxes. The user’s input and, where applicable, mouse movements are used to determine whether the input is from a human or an automated program. As the functionality is provided by a third party, displaying the captcha will cause the third party’s content to be reloaded. As a result, the third party receives information that you have accessed our site and the usage data technically required in this context. We have no control over the further processing of the data by the third party.
The embedding takes place on the basis of Art. 6 (1 lit. f)GDPR and in the interest of protection against spam and misuse.
If the data is processed in this context outside the EU or the EEA (in particular in the USA), we provide information on the level of data protection in the following table.
15. Online Seminars
If you would like to take part in our voluntary online seminars, a separate registration is required. For the online seminar registration, we collect your email address, first and last name on the basis of Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR. Your data will be stored for 12 months (after the last registration) or until you object to the storage by sending an email to info@cleverreach.com and wish to delete your data. If there are no legal retention periods, your data will be deleted within 10 days after discussion of the revocation.
To conduct the online seminars we use the GoToWebinar software solution provided by LogMeIn Ireland Limited, Bloodstone Building Block C, 70 Sir John Rogerson’s Quay, Dublin 2, Ireland. Your data is processed on servers hosted by LogMeIn solely in the USA and within the scope of the GDPR. We have also entered into data protection agreements with LogMeIn (including the EU standard data protection clauses), in which we oblige the provider to process our customers’ data strictly in accordance with their instructions, to protect it and not to pass it on to third parties.
LogMeIn Limited takes additional technical precautions to protect personal information. Personal data is not transferred to third parties in accordance with Art. 4 (10) GDPR.
16. Integration Partners
If you are a developer interested in becoming one of our
integration partners
, we will need some information about your app as well as your contact details. This data processing is carried out for contact and verification purposes on the basis of your voluntary consent according to Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR. After our review, you will be publicly listed as an integration partner. Your contact details will be published. You may withdraw your consent at any time with future effect by sending an email to info@cleverreach.com and terminate the cooperation or listing as an integration partner.
We use an external service provider (Atlassian PTy Ltd) to verify and manage our integration partners. The service provider acts on our behalf under strict instructions in accordance with a data protection agreement and has taken appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect personal data. Your data will be transferred to the service provider and thus to a third country based on Art. 49 (1) (a) GDPR. You may withdraw your consent at any time by sending an email to info@cleverreach.com.
17. Publication of Agency Directory Entries
Our Agency Directory is published on our website. The individual entries contain the information provided when the entry was created, including your name, legal form and address, phone number, email address, logo, the languages you offer and use in email marketing campaigns, year of establishment, CleverReach client ID and website URL, as well as the type of services you offer, your area of specialization and your minimum budget. Your listing serves the fulfillment of the concluded contract according to Art. (6) (b) GDPR. Apart from the listing, there will be no further processing of your data. If you do not agree with the publication in the agency directory, you can terminate the contract according to legal regulations. We will store your data until you notify us that the entry should no longer be published.
18. Demo videos and product presentation
If you are interested in our services and products, we will be happy to present them to you in our demo videos. You may also have the opportunity to make an appointment with us for a personal product presentation as a video conference. We will then present the individual services and products to you in a personal meeting. After sending your enquiry, we may send you an e-mail with further information to the e-mail address you have provided.
For the assignment, planning, administration and implementation of a personal product presentation, we collect your e-mail address, your first and last name, your company website and other information on your intended use of the services and products via the contact form provided for this purpose on the basis of legitimate interest pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f) GDPR. You yourself determine which data you share with us and can object to this data processing at any time with effect for the future. Your data will be stored for 6 months or until you object to the storage by e-mail to info@cleverreach.com and wish to delete your data. If there are no statutory retention periods, your data will be deleted within 10 days of your objection being raised.
We use Google Meet/ Google Calendar, offered by Google LCC / Google Ireland Ltd, for the allocation, planning, administration and implementation of the personal product presentation. Your data is processed for these purposes on the servers hosted by Google within the scope of the GDPR. We have also concluded corresponding data protection agreements with Google (including in accordance with the EU standard data protection clauses or on the basis of the EU Commission’s adequacy decision), with which we oblige the provider to process our customers’ data strictly in accordance with our instructions, to protect it and not to pass it on to third parties. Google takes further technical precautions to protect personal data. Personal data is not transferred to third parties within the meaning of Art. 4 (10) GDPR.
19. Product test registration
We offer you the opportunity to take part in our product tests on our website. We process the data you enter for participation in the product test. This includes sending you information about the product test, documenting your participation and analysing your surfing and clicking behaviour within the test products. The legal basis for this data processing is the voluntary consent given by you through registration and confirmation in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. a), Art. 9 para. 2 lit. a) GDPR. Your data will not be passed on to third parties. The data will be processed for 6 months after completion of the product test and then deleted. You can revoke your consent at any time with effect for the future (by e-mail to testing@cleverreach.com). You will also receive regular information about the product tests from us by e-mail. You can unsubscribe from the product test mailing list at any time.
Try newsletter tool for free
*
Create and send professional newsletters in just a few minutes. Sign up for free and get started.*
Or
**Min. 8 characters, including 1 number & 1 capital letter
I would also like to receive offers and relevant information from selected CleverReach partners via email from time to time.
Anti-Robot Verification
Click to start verification
Friendly
Captcha ⇗
Sign up for free
Sign up for free
I have already an account
*We will provide you with the free account in exchange for the opportunity to regularly send you news, promotions and product information via email. CleverReach GmbH & Co KG will use your data exclusively for the aforementioned purpose and will not pass it on to third parties. You can unsubscribe from any mailing or object to the storage of your data by sending an email to info@cleverreach.com and delete your data at any time, provided that the deletion does not conflict with any statutory retention periods.
CleverReach is only aimed at entrepreneurs and therefore does not take consumer protection into account. By submitting the data you have entered, you consent to data processing, confirm our
terms and conditions
and have the chance to read our
privacy policy
.
Sub-policy 2
https://www.hotjar.com/legal/policies/privacy/:
Are you an agency specialized in UX, digital marketing, or growth? Join our
Partner Program
Close banner
Hotjar Logo
Products
Solutions
Pricing
Case studies
Resources
Contact Sales
Sign in
Get started
English
Language
Get started
Toggle navigation menu
Legal / Policies
Back to legal overview
Privacy Policy
Date: 17 January 2024
Version number: 7.1
Language
English
We will NEVER sell Your Personal Data to Third Parties.
Hotjar will only share or disclose Personal Data as described in this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy applies to Personal Data processed by Hotjar Ltd. (“
Hotjar
”, “
We
”, “
Us
” and “
Our
”) when You visit
www.hotjar.com
in addition to any sub-pages that are integrated within it (the “
Site
”); and/or make use of Hotjar’s Platform.
This Privacy Policy explains what Personal Data We collect through Our Site and Platform, how and why We collect it, how We use and disclose the Personal Data We collect and information on how to exercise privacy rights over this Personal Data.
We have also included a section on the processing of Personal Data sent to Hotjar from visitors to a Hotjar Enabled Site.
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time but We will never do so in a manner that compromises Our commitment to respect the privacy of individuals. The most current version of this Privacy Policy governs Our practices for collecting, processing and disclosing Personal Data. We will provide notice via email to Our Customers and on this page of any material modifications to this Privacy Policy. Continued use of Our Site and/or Platform following the effective date of any modifications will constitute acceptance of the modified Agreement (this includes Our
Terms of Service
,
Data Processing Agreement
,
Acceptable Use Policy
and this Privacy Policy).
All capitalized terms in this Privacy Policy shall have the same meaning as defined in the
Terms of Service
and in the Applicable Law.
Information about Hotjar
Hotjar is a company headquartered in the European Union (EU) that provides Software as a Service (SaaS). Hotjar is a digital experience insights platform that provides visual behaviour insights, in-the-moment feedback, and 1:1 interviews, all in one place.
Personal Data Collected by Hotjar
The Personal Data We collect depends on whether the individual is:
A visitor to the Hotjar Site
A Customer or user (the “
User
”) of the Hotjar Platform
A Tester who signed up on the Hotjar Platform
Personal Data collected from a visitor of the Hotjar Site
This section applies to Personal Data Hotjar collects from visitors to the Hotjar Site (
hotjar.com
) or any of Our sub-sites or sub-domains (e.g.
help.hotjar.com
, etc.).
Any Personal Data provided by a visitor to Our Site will be used only as described in this Privacy Policy and Hotjar’s
Acceptable Use Policy
.
Usage Data
When someone visits the Hotjar Site, We may temporarily store the name of their internet service provider, IP address, the website they visited Us from, the parts of Our Site they visit, the date and duration of the visit, and information from the device (e.g. device type, operating system, screen resolution, language, country you are located in, and web browser type) used during their visit or other similar information that helps Us understand your behaviour on our Site. We process this usage data to facilitate access to Our Site (e.g. to adjust Our Site to the devices that are used). We may use this data to analyze, develop, improve, secure or optimize the use, function and performance of Our Sites, or to make sure We are reaching out to the right audience. Wherever possible, we will use usage data in an aggregated and/or anonymized form. Depending on the context, the legal basis for this data processing is Article 6(1)(a) and Article 6(1)(f) GDPR.
Cookies
Cookies are small data files transferred onto computers or devices. Hotjar uses cookies to process information including standard internet log information and details of the visitor’s behavioral patterns upon visiting Our Site. This is done to:
operate Our Site;
provide visitors to Our Site with a better experience by providing Us with insights on how visitors use Our Site; and
for marketing purposes, as detailed below.
For more info about the cookies We make use of, please visit Our
Cookie Information page
.
Contacting Us
Visitors to Our Site have the opportunity to contact Us to ask Us questions, for example via a contact form, where We ask for contact information (e.g. name, email address etc.). We use this data solely in connection with answering the queries We receive.
If a visitor to Our Site receives emails from Us, We may use certain analytics tools, to capture data such as when the email is opened or when any links or banners in the email have been clicked. This data helps Us understand the effectiveness of Our communications and marketing campaigns.
The legal basis for this processing is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR.
Personal Data collected from Hotjar’s Customers, Users and Testers
This section applies to Personal Data Hotjar collects from its Customers, Users and Testers when making use of Hotjar’s Platform.
When someone signs up for an account with Hotjar, contacts Our customer support for assistance, or subscribes to Our content or special offers, We may ask for additional Personal Data such as their name, email address and additional details about them or the organization they represent.
We will solely process this Personal Data to provide Our Platform in accordance with Article 6(1)(b) GDPR. If you are a User of Our Platform on behalf of a Hotjar Customer that has concluded this Agreement with Hotjar, the legal basis for Hotjar to process your Personal Data is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR. Please refer to Our
Terms of Service
for further details on signing up and using Our Platfor.
We temporarily store IP addresses of Customers, Users and Testers of Our Platform for associated performance metrics (i.e. data related to how well Our Platform performs) and to monitor and track application errors. We will never access these IP addresses without any operational or security need. We automatically delete these IP addresses within thirty (30) calendar days.The legal basis for this data processing is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR. We may use technical data (such as keypresses, timestamps, etc.) collected through the Platform to analyze, develop, improve or optimize the use, function and performance of Our Site, or to make sure we are reaching out to the right audience. Wherever possible, we will use usage data in an aggregated or anonymized form.
A Customer
may delete their Hotjar account
at any time. Users and Testers may delete their respective accounts through their account settings. After account deletion, We may retain Personal Data (in part or in whole) associated with the Customer, User or Tester to meet any regulatory and reporting requirements for the timeframes stipulated by law and to be able to address customer service issues. Any other Personal Data We were processing relating to Our Customer, Tester and/or Users of that Hotjar account will be deleted permanently within thirty (30) calendar days. This does not apply to any Personal Data collected as part of Customer research within the Engage Product. To maintian the quality of the research data, any research-related Personal Data may need to be kept for a reasonably required time.
We may use Personal Data and other Data about Our Customers, Users and/or Testers (including but not limited to demographic information, location information, information about the computer or device from which they access Our Platform) to create, wherever possible, anonymized and aggregated information and analytics. The legal basis for this data processing is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR.
The information We collect from Our Customers, Users and/or Testers is disclosed only in accordance with the Agreement and the Applicable Law.
Personal Data collected from Engage Product Testers
THIS SECTION APPLIES ONLY TO THE REGISTERED TESTERS OF OUR ENGAGE PRODUCT
When a Tester signs up to the Engage Product, we will ask them to share some Personal Data with Us to create a Tester profile. The Tester profile information will be revealed to Hotjar and Our Customers, who may invite you to usability study interviews ("
Interviews
"). The Engage Product has been built to connect Testers with the best-matched Customers for their Interviews. Better matches means happier Customers and more payouts for Testers. We analyse the data Testers provide Us with, along with the information about the Tester’s use of Our Platform, to suggest a good Interview match.
We collect and process Tester Personal Data to allow Testers to participate in Customer research, as well as for database management, managing contacts and sending messages, analytics, managing Our hosting and backend infrastructure, paying Testers for their service, Tester registration and authentication and displaying content from external platforms.
The data categories we will ask Testers to provide in order to build the Tester profile may include but are not limited to, name, age, country of residence, educational background, profession, marital status, phone number and other registration information. This information allows us to effectively match Testers with the right Customers. Testers may also optionally upload an avatar or enter their gender, but can remove this at any time. If a Tester deletes their account, their profile data will be removed too. Depending on the context, the legal basis for this data processing is Article 6(1)(b) GDPR and Article 6(1)(f) GDPR.
We will also collect information that relates to how Testers use Our Platform. The categories of Personal Data relating to this include but are not limited to timezone, broad location (town or district), web browser, operating system and the device used, referral sources, email engagement data, data on how you use the Engage Product (including last login date and frequency) and account signup date. This information allows Us to personalize the Engage Product to Testers’ needs and to improve Our Engage Product. We do not collect precise, real-time information about the location of a Tester’s device. We delete (or anonymize) such Tester Personal Data as soon as you cancel your account. The legal basis for this data processing is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR.
On an entirely voluntary basis, Testers may choose to connect their social media account with their Tester profile. This will grant Us read-only access to their social media account and we will store their social media account ID, along with a secure 'access key' that these social media companies provide to Us. If Tester grants Us access, we may also process their email address that is associated with the social media account, name, profile picture, gender and age range, which we may use to enhance Tester profile data on the Engage Product. We use social media account data as a 'quality signal' to confirm that the Engage Product account belongs to a real person and therefore, sharing of social account data may affect the number of Interview invitations a Tester receives. We will never post content to a Tester’s social profile without their permission and we will never request or access their private messages on these accounts. Testers can choose to disconnect their social media accounts at any time, which will prevent Us from being able to access them. Social media account data will also be deleted if you choose to delete your Hotjar account. The legal basis for this data processing is Article 6(1)(a) GDPR.
In order to be able to remunerate Our Testers we will process payment related information that Testers share with Us such as PayPal email address, residential address, etc.. We may also need to keep a history of payments made to Testers. This is needed to comply with accounting and legal rules. This data may be kept up to seven (7) years. The legal basis for this data processing is Article 6(1)(b) GDPR.
Hotjar’s use of Personal Data
Access and Disclosure to Third Parties
We use a select number of trusted external service providers for certain technical data analysis, processing and/or storage offerings (e.g., IT and related services). These Third Party service providers are carefully selected and meet high data protection and security standards. We only share data with them that is required for the services offered and We contractually bind them to keep any information We share with them as confidential and to process Personal Data only according to Our instructions. The legal basis for such processing would be Article 6(1)(f) GDPR.
In addition to services providers, other categories of Third Parties may include:
Vendors/public institutions.
To the extent that this is necessary in order to make use of certain services requiring special expertise (such as legal, accounting or auditing services) We may share Personal Data with vendors of such services or public institutions that offer them (e.g. courts). The legal basis of this data processing is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR.
Disclosure in the Event of Merger, Sale, or Other Asset Transfers.
If We are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, purchase or sale of assets, or transition of service to another provider, then Data may be sold or transferred as part of such a transaction, as permitted by law and/or contract. The legal basis for such processing would be Article 6(1)(f) GDPR.
Other than the cases mentioned above, We will only transfer Personal Data to Third Parties without express consent in accordance with Article 6(1)(a) GDPR or if We are obliged to do so by statutory law or by instruction from a public authority or court as outlined in Our
Terms of Service
.
Communication Purposes
We may occasionally send notification emails about updates to Our product, legal documents, customer support or for marketing purposes. To the extent required by Applicable Law, We will only send such messages if We have obtained consent in accordance with Article 6(1)(a) GDPR. In all other cases, the legal basis of this data processing is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR.
Except for cases where We are required to do so by law (e.g. notification of a data breach, providing you with important information about your account, updating our legal documents, etc.), recipients of Our communication shall have the opportunity to unsubscribe from receiving these messages free of charge. We process requests to be placed on do-not-contact lists as required by Applicable Law.
Marketing Purposes
We use Personal Data given to Us by Hotjar’s Customers, Users, Testers and/or visitors to Our Site to target advertisements to:
Hotjar’s Customers, Users, Testers and/or visitors to Our Site to keep them informed about Hotjar and any product changes we make; and
Potential new Customers or Testers that appear to have shared interests or similar demographics.
The legal basis of this data processing is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR.
We do this by sharing Personal Data with Third Party marketing platforms that have high privacy and confidentiality standards and which have gone through a legal and security review by Hotjar. This ensures that these Third Parties cannot do anything with the Personal Data We provide them other than use it for the express purpose of providing Us with the marketing services We contract them for.
This Personal Data is only shared with these Third Parties through secure and encrypted means. If you wish to opt out of this processing activity, please contact Us at
dpo@hotjar.com
with the subject line “Opt-Out of Marketing”.
Compliance and Protection
We may use Personal Data to (legal basis for the respective processing in parentheses):
protect Our, Our Customers’/Users’, Testers’, visitors’ to Our Site or Third Parties’ rights, privacy, safety or property including by making and defending legal claims (Article 6(1)(b), (c) or (f) GDPR);
audit Our internal processes for compliance with legal and contractual requirements and internal policies (Article 6(1)(f) GDPR);
enforce Our
Terms of Service
(Article 6(1)(b) or (f) GDPR);
protect, investigate and deter against fraudulent, harmful, unauthorized, unethical or illegal activity, including cyberattacks and identity theft (Article 6(1)(f) GDPR); and
comply with the Applicable Law, lawful requests and legal process, such as to respond to subpoenas or requests from government authorities (Article 6(1)(c) or (f) GDPR).
Benchmarking
Hotjar reserves the right to use and retain Data in a de-identified and/or aggregated form to improve Our Site and/or Platform and for statistical and benchmarking purposes, including enabling comparisons within the same industry to enhance the insights collected through Our Site and Platform. Benchmarks look at all collected metrics and compare them to others of the same nature. These de-identified and/or aggregated benchmarks may be published and shared publicly within Our Platform or in the form of other content We publish which may show a summary of results for a certain category or question type.
No Data which can individually identify Our Customers, or their end-users, Our Users or Our Testers will ever be shown in this statistical or benchmark data.
The legal basis for aggregating/anonymizing this Personal Data is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR.
Intra-group sharing of User and visitor Data
Hotjar is part of the Content Square SAS group (“
Contentsquare
”) which is headquartered in Paris, France. In the course of our normal operations, Hotjar may share Data (e.g. name and contact details, etc.) of Users of Hotjar accounts, Testers, and visitors of Our Site (hotjar.com) with Contentsquare.
The purpose of sharing this Data is to pursue synergies in sales and marketing, which is in both Hotjar’s and Contentsquare’s legitimate commercial interests. The legal basis of this Data processing is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR. Hotjar and Contentsquare are jointly responsible for these processing activities (so-called joint controllership). If you would like more information in this regard or would like to exercise your rights as described in this Privacy Policy, please contact Us at dpo@hotjar.com.
Other Purposes with Your Consent
In some cases, We may ask you for consent to collect, use or share Personal Data for other purposes. For example, We may ask you for consent to send marketing emails where required by law or to post testimonials or endorsements. In such cases, there will always be the ability to deny or revoke consent if desired. The legal basis for the data processing is under Article 6(1)(a) GDPR.
Duration of Processing
Unless a different timeframe has been specifically stated in this Privacy Policy or in
Our Pricing Page,
Personal Data will be retained for as long as is necessary for the purpose(s) for which We originally collected it or to provide Our Platform, resolve disputes, establish legal defenses, conduct audits, pursue legitimate business purposes, and enforce Our Agreement. We may also retain information as required by Applicable Law.
International Transfers of Personal Data
In most cases, Personal Data We collect is stored in the EU. However, in some limited cases, customer information may be accessed from, or other Personal Data (e.g., email, etc.) may be transferred outside of the EU. These countries may have different data protection laws. Hotjar endeavors to ensure appropriate safeguards are in place requiring that Personal Data will remain protected. Hotjar has concluded Standard Contractual Clauses with entities who We share Personal Data with outside of the EU. Further details about this can be found in Our article on
Data Storage
.
Children’s Information
Hotjar’s Platform is not directed to children under 13 (or other age as required by local law), and We do not knowingly collect Personal Data from children. If you learn that your child has provided Us with Personal Data without your consent, you may contact Us at dpo@hotjar.com. If We learn that We have collected a child’s Personal Data in violation of Applicable Law, We will promptly take steps to investigate this, delete such information and, if applicable, terminate the child’s account. We will also make sure to have preventive measures in place for this not to happen again in the future.
Rights over Personal Data
If you are a visitor to Our Site or a Customer, User and/or Tester of Our Platform and We have collected Personal Data about you, you have a right to access and to be informed about what Personal Data is processed by Hotjar, a right to rectification/correction, erasure/anonymization and restriction of processing (subject to certain exceptions and other requirements prescribed by law). You also have the right to receive from Hotjar a structured, common and machine-readable format of Personal Data you provided Us.
When you have provided consent, you may withdraw it at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of the processing that was carried out prior to withdrawing it. Whenever you withdraw consent, you acknowledge and accept that this may have a negative influence on the quality of Our Site and/or Platform. Please be aware that when you withdraw consent, We may delete the Personal Data previously processed on the basis of your consent and will not be allowed to keep it further which will mean that it cannot be accessed, downloaded or otherwise secured by you.
In addition, you have the right to lodge a complaint with your respective data protection authority.
To protect your privacy, We take steps to verify your identity before fulfilling your request. We can only identify you via your email address and we can only adhere to your request and provide information if We have Personal Data about you through you having made contact with Us directly and/or you are using Our Site and/or Platform.
To protect your privacy, We will take steps to verify your identity before fulfilling any consumer request under the Applicable Law. When you make a request, We will ask you to provide sufficient information that allows Us to reasonably verify you are the person We collected Personal Data about or an authorized representative, which may include your email address.
If You are located in California…
This section only applies to Our processing of Personal Data as a “business” under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA).
The CCPA provides California residents with the right to know what
Categories of Personal Data
Hotjar has collected about them and whether Hotjar disclosed that Personal Data for a business purpose (e.g. to a service provider) in the preceding twelve (12) months.
If you are a California resident and would like to exercise any of your rights under the CCPA, please contact Us at
dpo@hotjar.com
. We will process your request in accordance with the Applicable Laws.
Sales of Personal Information Under the CCPA.
For purposes of the CCPA, Hotjar does not “sell” Personal Data, nor do We have actual knowledge of any “sale” of Personal Data of minors under 16 years of age.
Non-Discrimination.
California residents will have the right to exercise the rights conferred to them by the CCPA.
Authorized Agent.
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request under the CCPA. If applicable, you may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child. To designate an authorized agent, please contact Us at
dpo@hotjar.com
.
If You are located in Brazil…
This section only applies to Our processing of Personal Data under the Brazilian
Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados
(LGPD).
In addition to the rights described above, you also have the right to:
access your Personal Data processed by Hotjar;
unless restricted by law, request information about the public and private entities with which We have shared your Personal Data;
oppose to the processing carried out; and/or
receive information about the possibility of not providing your consent and the consequences of such denial.
If you are a Brazilian resident or were in Brazil when your Personal Data was collected and would like to exercise any of your rights under the LGPD, please contact Us at
dpo@hotjar.com
. We will process your request in accordance with the Applicable Laws.
Personal Data collected from a visitor of a Hotjar Enabled Site
This section applies to Personal Data sent to Hotjar from Our Customers about visitors to their site using Our Platform (i.e. a Hotjar Enabled Site).
When an end-user visits a Hotjar Enabled Site, the Hotjar Enabled Site’s privacy policy will apply to the Personal Data collected and not this Privacy Policy.
This section should always be read in conjunction with the specific privacy policy of the Hotjar Enabled Site which will contain further details regarding the processing of your Personal Data by the Hotjar Enabled Site.
When making use of Our Platform, Our Customers are bound by Our Privacy Policy, Our
Terms of Service
, and Our
Acceptable Use Policy
. You can get more information about Hotjar by visiting
Our Site
.
If you are a visitor to a Hotjar Enabled Site, Hotjar may temporarily process your IP address so that We can ensure Our service is running smoothly and improve the quality of Our Platform. Any IP addresses We process are used exclusively for associated performance metrics (i.e. data related to how well Our Platform performs on the Hotjar Enable Site) and to monitor and track application errors. For this purpose, We may temporarily store your IP address with Hotjar’s
Sub-Processors
which are subject to strict obligations of confidentiality and will process it only according to Our instructions. We will never access these IP addresses without any operational or security need. We automatically delete any IP addresses We process or store within thirty (30) calendar days. The legal basis for this data processing is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR.
Some Hotjar Customers may have the ability to integrate Data they have collected through Our Platform with other end-user data they have in their possession (e.g. their customer information).
Depending on the web browser you use, it might be possible for you to disallow Hotjar from collecting Data when visiting a Hotjar Enabled Site. To discover if your web browser offers this functionality visit Our
Do Not Track page
.
Please note that We cannot respond to any requests from end-users of Hotjar Enabled Sites related to their Personal Data, including requests to provide, rectify or delete any end-user Personal Data. Any requests from end users of Hotjar Enabled Sites related to Customer Personal Data should be sent to the relevant Hotjar Customer.
Previous Versions of this Privacy Policy
Version 7.1 (
compare markup changes between version 7 and 7.1
)