YAYCOM s.c. Privacy Policy
Overview
This Privacy Policy describes the information collected by Yaycom s.c. ("DDM," "we," "us" or "our") through our mobile applications and website and how we use that information.
We Collect Limited Information with Our Applications.
When you download and use our mobile applications for children, we don't require you to provide any information and we don't collect any information about you or your device.
When you use our mobile applications designed for adults and elect to utilize the social features of those applications, you may elect to provide us with your email address and other information only as permitted by you.  We don't store, share or disclose any of that information, other than email addresses which are used only to send you our newsletter as described below, and any other information is used solely to provide the features within those applications.
We Comply with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act
Our website and mobile applications comply with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA"). We don't knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 in violation of COPPA, and if in the event that a user identifies himself or herself as a child under the age of 13 through a support request, we will not collect, store or use, and will delete in a secure manner, any personal information of such user.
When You Request Support, You May Send Us Email
We allow users to contact us if they have support questions about use of our mobile applications. If you submit a support request, we may receive your email address and other information you provide related to your support request ("Support Information"). We use Support Information only for the support for the internal operations of our website and Apps as provided under Section 312.2 of the COPPA rules effective July 1, 2013.
A Note about Push Notifications
For our iOS applications, we may send push notifications if the user opts in to receive them.  Apple's push notification process automatically provides us with a token which is identified to a specific device, enabling notifications to be sent to that device through Apple's push notification service.  The token is used only to send push notifications.  The token is not disclosed and is not used for any other purpose or combined with any other information.  We send push notifications to communicate information about how to interact with our applications. Notifications can be turned off through the "Notifications" tab within iOS "Settings."
Cookies
When you visit our website, we may send cookies to your device that uniquely identify your browser. We use cookies to improve the quality of our service by storing user preferences and tracking usage information. Most browsers allow you to disable cookies or set your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent to your computer.
Links to Third Party Sites
We may provide links and/or connections to third-party web sites or services from our website (we don't allow links within our mobile applications). We are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of these third-party sites.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. Use of information we collect is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is collected. If we make changes in the way we use your email address, we will notify you in advance of posting by email. Such modifications will become effective on the date set forth in the email.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, please send us an email at info [at] polishjokes [dot] pl.
Last updated December 20, 2013