Doctor Care Anywhere Privacy Policy
Welcome to the DCA Privacy Policy, which contains essential legal information informing you of how we process your personal data.
At DCA we have one purpose, to improve people’s lives.  We do this by providing the highest quality healthcare, which is truly affordable, through our beautifully designed and easy to use technology.
Your personal data is central to us delivering quality healthcare and we are passionate about keeping it safe and protecting your privacy.  We comply with the General Data Protection Regulation ("
GDPR
") and relevant implementing legislation and always challenge ourselves to be better, putting you, our patients, first and foremost.
This Privacy Policy explains how we use your personal data, to deliver our healthcare services and products to you from DCA or one of our brands, so that you can make informed choices and be in control of your personal data.  This Privacy Policy also governs the use of your data through DCA’s websites and Apps (the “
Platform
”).
Please take some time to understand this Privacy Policy, which must be read in conjunction with our Terms and Conditions, which can be found
here
.  It is important that you read this Privacy Policy together with any other fair processing notice that we may provide to you on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing personal data about you, so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your data.  This Privacy Policy supplements other privacy notices and is not intended to override them.
Changes to this Privacy Policy and your duty to inform us of changes to your personal data
We regularly review this Privacy Policy.  We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time, and notify you if we make any material changes.  This version was last updated on 1st April 2022. Historic versions can be obtained by contacting us.  By continuing to use our products and services after you’ve received notification of material changes, you are agreeing to the updated Privacy Policy.
It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current.  Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us.
Third party links
Our Platform may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you.  We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their use of your personal data.  When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy policy of every website you visit.
What this Privacy Policy covers
This Privacy Policy covers the following areas.  Click on each to find out more.
Who is Doctor Care Anywhere
Our healthcare services and products are delivered by:
Doctor Care Anywhere Limited and
Doctor Care Anywhere Ireland Limited;
Using our technology delivered by:
DCA Innovation Ltd.
which form part of the DCA Group PLC group companies
("DCA Group
").
The registered office of the DCA Group is: Second Floor, Harmsworth House, 13-15 Bouverie Street, London, EC4Y 8DP.
Our healthcare services operate under the following brands:
Doctor Care Anywhere
Doctor@Hand
Perkbox Medical
Nuffield Health Virtual GP
Health Tracking from Doctor Care Anywhere.
Controller
When this Privacy Policy talks about
‘Doctor Care Anywhere’, ‘DCA’, ‘we’, ‘us’
or
‘our’,
it means Doctor Care Anywhere Limited and Doctor Care Anywhere Ireland Limited, who act as joint controllers in relation to your personal data.  Your relationship is with DCA, who is responsible for your personal data that is processed in connection with our healthcare services and products.  We provide your personal data to other companies in the DCA Group who are data processors of your personal data, acting under instruction of DCA.
Contact details
We have appointed a Data Protection Officer ("
DPO
") who is responsible for overseeing questions in relation to this Privacy Policy.  If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, including any requests to exercise your legal rights, please contact the DPO using the details set out below.
By email
:
DPO@doctorcareanywhere.com
In writing
: Data Protection Officer, Doctor Care Anywhere Limited, Second Floor, Harmsworth House, 13-15 Bouverie Street, London, EC4Y 8DP.
You have the right to make a complaint at any time to a data protection supervisory authority.
In the UK this is the Information Commissioner’s Office ("ICO")
ww.ico.org.uk
In Europe this is the Irish Data Protection Commission ("DPC")
www.dataprotection.ie
.
We ask that you please attempt to resolve any issues with us before contacting the ICO or the DPC.
What we use your personal data for
How we use your personal data
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:
where we need to perform the contract;
where it is necessary for our legitimate interests and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests; and
where we need to comply with a legal obligation.
These circumstances are known as 'lawful bases’ and we explain these in more detail below.
Performance of a contract
means processing your data where it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or to take steps at your request before entering into such a contract with you.
Legitimate interests
means the interests of our business in conducting and managing our business, to enable us to give you the best service/product and the most secure experience. We make sure we consider your rights and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative) before we process your personal data for our legitimate interests. We do not process your personal data for our legitimate interests where your rights or interests override ours. You can obtain further information about how we assess our legitimate interests against any potential impact on you in respect of specific activities by contacting us (see contact details in section Who is Doctor Care Anywhere).
Compliance with a legal obligation
means processing your personal data where it is necessary to ensure we comply with a legal obligation that we are subject to.
Purposes for which we will use your personal data
We have set out below a description of the purposes for which we use your personal data, and which of the lawful bases we rely on to do so. We have also identified what our legitimate interests are where appropriate.
Providing you our healthcare service:
Purpose / Activity
Lawful Basis
We obtain and use your and your eligible under 18 family members personal data to manage your entitlements, establish and deliver our contract with you, to register you and your under 18 family member as a patient and administer patient records and personal data.
Performance of contract
We verify your identity and where applicable, your parental responsibility for any under 18 family member you add to your account.
Legal obligation / Performance of contrac
We obtain either directly from you, or a national electronic database, such as the NHS Personal Demographic Service, your healthcare number and current GP practice.
Performance of contract
We ask you to provide the name and contact details of an emergency contact that we process in order to protect your safety during an emergency.
Your consent / vital interests
We collect your financial information to verify and carry out financial transactions in relation to payments you make online.
Performance of contract
You provide the name and contact details of over 18 adults you invite to be members of your policy, which we may contact with instructions on how to register to become a patient.
Legitimate interests
We obtain and use your medical data as this is necessary for us to deliver effective and safe healthcare services to you.
Performance of contract
We are required to maintain a detailed record of the medical care you receive. It also allows our medical professionals to safely provide future care based on your medical history.
Legal obligation
We record all audio and video conversations with our medical professionals and patient experience team. This is so we have a record of the conversation, so we can audit and monitor the quality of service being delivered to you, for your safety and our regulatory and compliance obligations. Where a recording does not contain medical information, we may also use it for training and service improvement, after removing all your personal identifiers.
Performance of contract
Your personal and medical data may be used when we audit and monitor your information and our doctors delivering the service to you, to ensure quality of service, for your safety, our regulatory and compliance obligations.
Performance of contract
During an emergency, your personal data may be given to the emergency services and your emergency contact.
Your consent / vital interests
We send your personal data to your chosen pharmacist, enabling your medication to be dispensed to you.
Performance of contract
We may also share, with your explicit consent, relevant medical data in a referral approval request to your private medical insurer to process your claim and find an appropriate specialist.
Your consent
Your personal and medical data may also be shared between DCA and other healthcare professionals as necessary for the provision of your care, such as your GP, hospitals, diagnostic centres and secondary care specialists.
Your consent
Your personal data may also be shared between DCA and your Healthcare Scheme in order to facilitate the processing of a Healthcare Scheme regulatory complaint. This ensures that you receive all of your rights under the relevant regulation.
Performance of contract
We obtain data about your location during an appointment to ensure your safety, and our ability to seek help from emergency services if required. We also obtain location data to help you select your medical practitioner and direct you to your nearest pharmacy. We may derive your approximate location from your IP address.
Performance of contract
Ask for your feedback about our products and services.
Legitimate interests
Our patient experience team will use your personal data to communicate with you and help you in the best possible way.
Performance of contract
Where you receive our service as part of a benefit, we may share your data such as benefit ID, name, date of birth, email and postal address with your healthcare scheme to verify your eligibility, the fact you have registered, for billing or if either you or DCA terminate your relationship with us and the reason why. No medical data will be shared with your healthcare scheme without your explicit consent.
Performance of contract
Keeping you up to date:
Purpose / Activity
Lawful Basis
We use your email address to send you activation instructions for the Platform to enable you to activate your benefit.
Performance of contract
We send important transactional communications to you by email, text message and / or push notifications, such as when you have successfully activated, reminders about a booked appointment, triage messages from our doctors and confirmation when medical notes, prescriptions, fit notes, referrals or diagnostic results are ready to be viewed on the Platform.
Performance of contract
We use your email address to send you the occasional engagement email to promote our service where you have not opted out of receiving such communications. You can unsubscribe or opt out from your communication settings on the Platform at any time.
Legitimate interests
From time to time we may use your personal data to email, phone, post or push notify information to you about other offers and services, where you have consented to this type of communication. You can opt in or out at any time from your communication settings on the Platform
Consent
Research and analysis:
Based on our legitimate interests in managing our business and improving the Platform and services:
Purpose / Activity
Lawful Basis
We use medical data to conduct research to improve healthcare, our products and our services, so we can deliver better healthcare to you and other DCA patients. Personal identifiers such as your name, email, address and phone number are always removed.
Legitimate interest
Your personal data may be used to analyse your use of our products, services and troubleshoot bugs and defects within the Platform.
Legitimate interests
We learn how you use the Platform to improve the features, layout and content.
Legitimate interests
We monitor the demand and trends of our products and services to enable us to capacity plan.
Legitimate interest
We carry out research on our user demographics.
Legitimate interest
Aggregated and anonymised data may be shared with your healthcare scheme.
Legitimate interest
Sometimes we need to use your personal data to:
Purpose / Activity
Lawful Basis
Co-operate with our regulators, such as the Care Quality Commission, General Medical Council and the Information Commissioners Office, or the Data Protection Office.
Legal obligation
Comply with a legal obligation, such as a court order.
Legal obligation
Deal with disputes and legal claims.
Legal obligation
Appropriately respond to any risk to public health.
Public task
Send your personal and medical data to an insurance company, as per your instructions and those of your insurer acting on your behalf.
Your consent
If you fail to provide personal data or keep it up to date:
Where we need to process personal data to comply with the law, or under the terms of a contract we have with you, and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to provide our products / services to you. We may be required to cancel a product or service, however, we will notify you if this is the case at the time.
DCA takes reasonable steps to ensure that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and up to date. However, you have overall responsibility to provide us with correct data and keeping this up to date on the Platform. DCA has no responsibility and does not accept any liability for incorrect data entered by you in the case of your information being sent to the locations you have specified.
​
What data we hold and how we get it
We collect and use the following categories of data about you, which forms part of your patient record on the Platform.
Identity data:
When you register with us you will complete forms on the Platform and provide personal data about you, such as your name, date of birth, email address, postal address, telephone number, profile photo, and healthcare number.
We also validate your identity with the information you supply and where you also provide copy of your identity documentation. Identity verification is carried out by our digital verification partner(s) or our in-house patient experience team, who are subject to a duty of confidentiality.  Your live photo will be used as your profile photo to ensure the ongoing security of your account.
If you register your under 18 family member, you will also provide their personal details along with proof of your parental responsibility.
When you invite an over 18 adult to your policy, you will provide their name, email and date of birth.
We collect the name and contact details of your emergency contact from you, to ensure we can reach someone in the event of an emergency. For example, if you were to pass out during an appointment with our doctor.
When you contact us, for example by email or phone, we will store information about you and details of the communication, including the phone number you called us on. Calls to our patient experience team are recorded (we explain our reasons for this in more detail in
What we use your personal data for
).
When you respond to research and surveys, we collect and store your responses.
Medical data:
You are under no obligation to share your medical data with us, however, should you choose to withhold requested information, we may not be able to provide you with certain services.
You can update your medical record on the Platform with your medical data. Once one of our doctors has confirmed these with you in an appointment, they will become a permanent part of your medical record.
When you book an appointment, you will provide medical data such as your health concern, answers to our triage questions and a description of your symptoms along with your consent to share your personal data with your GP.
When you use our healthcare services, our doctors will use your personal and medical data to add to your patient record. This includes data such as health concerns, general information about your health, symptoms, medical history, family history, allergies, social history, measurements, doctors' opinions, diagnoses, prescribed medications, fitness notes and onward referrals.
Data which you upload, such as photos and medical documents, may become a permanent part of your medical record, as determined by our doctors.  When a doctor determines the upload is not required in the permanent record, it will be clearly described in the record and the upload will be deleted.
Following phlebotomy, cardiology and imaging diagnostic tests, your results will be stored, and a medical report will be prepared by a DCA specialist.
Recordings of your appointment (video and audio and audio-only) are retained in the Platform. This is to ensure we can audit and monitor our doctors delivering the service to you to ensure the quality of our service, for your safety, and to meet our regulatory and compliance obligations.  Recordings are stored securely in accordance with our retention policy (see further information in
How long we keep it
).
When you use our medical tracking app, you provide your personal and medical data you wish to track.
We may also capture information about you and your health from other apps, devices and services, where you have consented to the data being shared with us. For example, medical data collected from your smart watch.
Financial data:
If you use one of our pay as you go or subscription services, your debit/credit card details are processed by a third-party processor that will store all payment and transaction data on their secure servers. We do not store your debit/credit card number on the Platform.
Technical data and analytics:
Your log in details and password are stored securely. You are responsible for maintaining your password to protect your account and we advise you to make use of security controls which are available to you.
Data from your activity on the Platform will be collected where we have your consent to do so, including your IP address, location (based on IP address), login information, operating system, device model, version, time zone, browser, language and mobile phone carrier.
Data such as how you use the Platform, the services you select, when you last logged on and how you interact with the Platform (such as button clicks).
Cookies:
We also use 'cookies'. Cookies are files saved on your devices such as computer, phone or tablet when you visit a website. They collect information about how you use the website and the pages you visit. We do not use cookies on your medical or health information. You can determine what cookies we collect and find out more about how we use cookies in our Cookie Policy, which you can access
here
.
Information from third parties:
Where you receive our service as part of a benefit, we collect from your
healthcare scheme
and store your personal data to enable you to activate on the Platform and manage your entitlement(s). This may include your benefit/membership ID, name, date of birth, email, postal address and personal data about your family members who also receive the benefit.
Your healthcare number and regular GP practice may be collected from a database such as the NHS Personal Demographic service.
Where applicable, your private medical insurance will send us the status of a claim and information about your specialist appointment, for a referral we have made.
We may receive data from other healthcare professionals about your care. For example, if you have diagnostic tests, the results will be returned.  Or following a referral into specialist care, we receive the report from the specialist.
Who your data is shared with
Your privacy is paramount to us, so we only share your data when it is necessary and lawful to do so as described below.  We require any party who we share your data with to respect the security of your data and to only process it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our written instructions.
We may share your personal data within the DCA Group. This ensures we can effectively deliver the services to you.
We may share your personal data with other companies we have contracted with to deliver parts of our service on our behalf. These companies either act as data controllers in their own right or as data processors acting on our behalf, as instructed by us and are governed by a contract in accordance with Article 28 GDPR. In such circumstances they are bound by strict confidentiality and security provisions.
NHS Digital:
for UK patients, your personal data as part of the verification process to obtain your healthcare number and as necessary during your contract with us to identify your current NHS GP practice for clinical safety purposes.
Identify verification partner Onfido Limited
: your personal data and verification documents will be shared for the purpose of verifying your identity. By accepting this Privacy Policy, you agree to be bound by Onfido’s
Privacy Policy
and
Terms of Service
, and for patients from the United States their
Facial Scan Policy And Release
Video, telephone, text and email partners
: Some data from video, phone, text and email communications may be temporarily stored on servers located outside of the United Kingdom, European Union and European Economic Area, while the communication is occurring and while we transfer recordings from their system to your patient record. All partners are bound by a contract with us which incorporate the Standard Contractual Clauses (see more detail on this under 'International transfers' in section 2.4 below).
Payment provider
: Your financial information is securely shared directly with our payment provider, Stripe. You will be providing your email address and your credit or debit card information directly to “Stripe”, a company located in the USA and which operates a secure server to process payment details, encrypting your credit/debit card information and authorising payment. We do not store your debit/credit card number on the Platform.
We share your medical data with our doctors (all of whom are registered with the UK General Medical Council and/or Irish Medical Council), securely via the Platform. This enables them to assess your health conditions, advise you appropriately, and deliver the services that you request (in accordance with our
Terms and Conditions
). Our doctors are trained and registered in the UK and Ireland, but occasionally deliver appointments from outside of UK, EU and EEA.
For the purposes of user and medical research, we occasionally partner with third party organisations to combine medical data and insights. Personal identifiers such as your name, email, address and phone number are always removed.
Subject to your rights as set out in this policy, in the event that we undergo re-organisation or are sold to a third party, you agree that any personal information we hold about you may be transferred to that re-organised entity or third party.
We may also need to disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or if we believe that such action is necessary to prevent fraud or cyber-crime or to protect the Platform or the rights, property or personal safety of any person.
Healthcare providers:
We will, where it is necessary for the provision of your care and safety, share your personal and medical data with other healthcare providers, such as your GP, pharmacists, hospitals, pathology and imaging centres, secondary care specialists and emergency services. These providers may use your contact information to contact you about your care or medication.
Healthcare scheme:
Where you receive our service as part of a benefit via a healthcare scheme, we may share your data such as benefit ID, name, date of birth, email and postal address with your healthcare scheme to verify your eligibility, the fact you have registered, for billing or if either you or DCA terminate your relationship with us and the reason why. No medical data will be shared with your healthcare scheme without your explicit consent.
Following a referral, we may also share where applicable, with your explicit consent, relevant medical data in a referral approval request to your private medical insurer.
Following a specialist referral with diagnostic investigations as a benefit, we may also share where applicable, with your explicit consent, information appropriate to your insurance claim and operational care journey.
Following a Healthcare Scheme Complaint, dependent on the nature of the complaint, we may also share relevant data such as your Healthcare Scheme membership number, name, contact information and summary of complaint, to enable the Healthcare Scheme to meet their regulatory requirements.
Anonymised information:
We may disclose anonymous, aggregate statistics about visitors to the Platform, users and sales in order to describe our services to commercial partners, prospective partners, investors, advertisers, sponsors and other reputable third parties and for other lawful purposes, but these statistics will not include your personal data.
International transfers:
Whenever we transfer your personal data out of the UK and/or EEA, we ensure a sufficient degree of protection is afforded to it by ensuring the transfer is either to a country deemed adequate by the ICO or European Commission or subject to appropriate safeguards (Such as Standard Contractual Clauses and binding corporate rules).
Please contact us if you want further information on the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your personal data out of the UK and EEA.
Where your data is stored
Your data is stored in the UK and EEA, in secure data centres.  We do not store your data on your device (e.g. PC, Laptop, Mac, Tablet or Phone) or that of our healthcare professionals.
Occasionally your data is processed on servers outside of the UK and EEA as described in this Privacy Policy.  We ensure your personal data is protected in such circumstances by complying with transfer mechanisms as prescribed by the GDPR (see more detail on this under 'International transfers' in section 2.4 above).
How long we keep it
We will only retain your personal data for as long as is necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or reporting requirements. We may retain your personal data for a longer period in the event of a complaint or if we reasonably believe there is a prospect of litigation in respect to our relationship with you.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or other requirements.
Details of retention periods for different aspects of your personal data are set out below.
GP patient records:
We retain your medical records in accordance with the current legal requirements and professional best practice.
GP patient records, including recordings and communications, are retained for up to 10 years after the death of the patient.
Patient experience telephone recordings:
Recordings of telephone calls to our patient experience team are stored for 12 months to assist us with the monitoring of our service, the training of our staff and to assist with any claims or complaints.
Verification identity documents:
As your identity documents are only required for your initial verification, and in recognition of their sensitivity, they are only retained for 60 days.
If you have not used the service:
If you have registered and are no longer receiving the service as a benefit and have never used the service, no medical data would have been created for you.  We will retain your personal data for up to 7 years.
If you have been invited by a family member but never activated your service with us, we will retain your personal data for up to 2 years.
If you have been invited by a
healthcare scheme
, never activated and are no longer eligible to receive the service, we will retain your personal data for up to 2 years following your last eligible date.
Security of your personal data
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions, and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable supervisory authority of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
We have adopted the following measures:
All data is encrypted whether it is in transit over the internet from our servers to your device or stored on our secure servers. We use Advanced Encryption Standards.
In line with best practice, we regularly test our system with penetration test partners, who simulate cyber-attacks on our system. This ensures our security is robust and continues to protect your data against the latest threats.
You will secure your account with a password and on valid devices you can also choose to use a pin or your biometric details, such as your registered fingerprint or face. We enforce a minimum standards for passwords to ensure they meet a certain level of strength. It is your responsibility to keep your password / pin to your device safe and confidential.
To enable the smooth operation on mobile devices, you can opt to keep yourself logged in after the application is closed. This will last for 2 minutes before you will be asked to log in again.
Your rights
You have specific rights under the GDPR, as set out below.
Access your information
Most information we hold about you is in your patient record, accessible from the Platform.  However, you have the right to submit what is known as a ‘data subject access request’, which enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Rectify incorrect information
If you believe that any of your data is incorrect, you can ask us to rectify it. We make sure to do so if this is the case, however, we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us.
Erase your information
This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no lawful basis for us to continue to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing (see below). Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request.  In particular, our obligation under law to retain GP patient records means we cannot erase your medical record.  If you have not created any medical information, your request will be reviewed and upheld where possible.
Object to our processing of your personal data
You can do this where we are relying on legitimate interests to process your data and you wish to object to such processing as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes.
Restrict further processing of your data
This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios:
if you would like us to verify it is accurate;
where the data has been processed unlawfully, but you do not want us to erase it;
where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims;
you have objected to our use of your data, but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
Request transfer of your data to you or to a third party
Your data will be provided in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. It allows you to move, copy or transfer personal data easily from one IT environment to another in a safe and secure way, without affecting its usability. Note that this right only applies to information you have provided to us.
Withdraw your consent at any time
This is applicable where we are relying upon your consent to process your personal data.  However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
Automated decision making
If we use your personal data for the purposes of automated decision-making (a decision solely by automated means without any human involvement) and those decisions have a legal (or similarly significant effect) on you, you have the right to challenge to such decisions under the GDPR. You may request human intervention, express your point of view, and obtain an explanation of the decision from us
.
This right does not apply in the following circumstances:
where the decision is necessary for the entry into, or performance of, a contract between DCA and you;
the decision is authorised by law; or
you have given your explicit consent to such processing.
Profiling
Where DCA uses your personal data for profiling purposes (automated processing of personal data to evaluate certain things about data subjects), the following shall apply:
clear information explaining the profiling will be provided, including its significance and the likely consequences;
appropriate mathematical or statistical procedures will be used;
technical and organisational measures necessary to minimise the risk of errors and to enable such errors to be easily corrected shall be implemented; and
all personal data processed for profiling purposes shall be secured in order to prevent discriminatory effects arising out of profiling.
Exercising your rights
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact us using the details set out in
Who is Doctor Care anywhere
.
What we may need from you
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
Response time
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month of receiving the request. Occasionally, it may take us longer if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
This version was last updated on 1st April 2022.
×
Privacy Notice
We and selected third parties use cookies or similar technologies for technical purposes and, with your consent, for
functionality, experience, measurement and “marketing (personalised ads)”
as specified in the
cookie policy
.
You can freely give, deny, or withdraw your consent at any time by accessing the preferences panel. Denying consent may make related features unavailable.
Use the “Accept” button to consent.
Press again to continue 0/1
Learn more and customise
Accept
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://onfido.com/privacy:
English
Español
Italiano
Français
Take a tour
Blog
Support
Sign in
Table of Contents
Onfido Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policies
1. This Privacy Policy
2. The Information We Collect and How We Use It On Behalf Of Our Clients
3. Using Information As Controller
4. Data Sharing
5. Information Security
6. Data Storage
7. Your Rights
8. Government and Law Enforcement Requests
9. Contact Onfido or our Data Protection Officer
Table of Contents
Onfido Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policies
1. This Privacy Policy
2. The Information We Collect and How We Use It On Behalf Of Our Clients
3. Using Information As Controller
4. Data Sharing
5. Information Security
6. Data Storage
7. Your Rights
8. Government and Law Enforcement Requests
9. Contact Onfido or our Data Protection Officer
Our Privacy Policies
This Privacy Policy explains how Onfido, an Entrust company, (“we”, “us”, “our”) uses personal information about our clients’ users, and others, to provide our Identity Services on behalf of our clients. Users located in the US should also refer to
Onfido’s Facial Scan and Voice Recording Policy
which takes priority over the information below to the extent there is any inconsistency or ambiguity.
If you are looking for details of the personal information we collect in other circumstances, please see the relevant policy listed below:
Our
Website and B2B Privacy Policy
explains how we collect, use, and otherwise process personal information of people who visit our websites or otherwise interact with Onfido in a business to business capacity.
Our
Cookie and SDK Policy
contains information about the cookies we use, why we use them, and your privacy choices regarding cookies.
If you are a candidate applying for a role at Onfido, please see the Candidate Privacy Policy displayed in our Application Portal.
Please note that if you are a resident of California, Onfido’s California Privacy Notice does not apply to our use of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy because when we use information to provide our Identity Services, we use this information as a service provider on behalf of a client. The client, as the business, may have additional obligations under California law, including the California Consumer Privacy Act, and we suggest you review their privacy policy for further details.
1. This Privacy Policy
At Onfido, we’re simplifying digital identity for everyone. We help our clients to verify their users so they can access their services quickly, easily and - most important of all - securely. When we verify an identity, carry out checks related to an identity, or provide user authentication services (our “
Identity Services
”), we’re committed to protecting the privacy and security of that identity.
When we process your personal information so we can provide Identity Services to a client, we are acting on the client’s behalf as their service provider and processor. The section below headed “
The Information We Collect and How We Use It On Behalf Of Our Clients
” explains what we do with this information, but if you are a user of an Onfido client you should review the client’s privacy policy for full information about how your personal information is collected and used.
As well as handling your personal information on behalf of a client in order to provide Identity Services to them, we may also handle your personal information on our own behalf as a controller. For example, we may use the personal information that we collect when providing our Identity Services, and personal information that is publicly available, to develop and improve our Identity Services. For information about how we use personal information as a controller, please see the section of this Privacy Policy headed “
Using Information As Controller
.”
We may need to update this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make material changes, we will publish those changes before they come into effect and notify our clients so they can consider whether to update their own policies and notify their users.
2. The Information We Collect and How We Use It On Behalf Of Our Clients
To provide our Identity Services to a client, we collect certain personal information about the client’s users.
Our
clients
are organizations that have asked Onfido to verify someone’s identity, or to carry out checks related to their identity.
Our clients’
users
are the individuals whose identities a client has asked us to verify or otherwise check.
We may collect personal information about a user from the client, from the user, or from third party data providers (“Data Providers”). Data Providers are trusted third party service providers or public authorities who provide additional information depending on the Identity Service a client has chosen to use.
The following paragraphs provide details of the personal information we collect on behalf of a client depending on which of our Identity Services the client chooses to use. If you are in the EEA or UK, our client is responsible for identifying a legal basis which permits your personal information to be used for the purposes described below; you should review their privacy policy for further details.
Document Checks
Onfido’s
document checks
verify identity documents from across the globe by analyzing an image or video of the document. Our system extracts information from the image/video or, if possible, from the security chip embedded in the document. Our models analyze the authenticity of the document, which may include machine-readable zones, barcodes, QR codes, and security chips, to verify whether the document is genuine or shows signs of tampering. We will also compare the image or video of the identity document with information about compromised identities that have been leaked or otherwise made publicly available.
Information collected: personal information extracted from a user’s identity document, for example name, document number, date of birth, nationality, type of document, issuing country, expiration date, information embedded in barcodes, QR codes, security chips and features (which will vary depending on the type of document), and the image metadata associated with the image or video of the document.
Important: If you are a user living in the Netherlands, please be advised that Onfido may automatically mask your
BSN number
on your identity document in our back-end systems when required under Dutch law, and particularly the Dutch Prevention of Money Laundering and Terrorist Financing Act.
Biometric Checks and Authentication
When providing
biometric checks
as part of our Identity Services, we’ll ask for an image or video (including an audio recording) of a user’s face (a “
Selfie
”), as well as an image or video to use as a reference image (for example, an image of their identity document). We generate two scans of the user’s face (one from the Selfie, and one from the reference image) and we compare those two scans to assess whether the person in the Selfie is likely to be the same person pictured in the reference image. Additionally, as part of our Identity Services, we will also evaluate the authenticity of the images and videos (including audio recordings) and identity documents, including detecting whether there is a genuine human or physical document in your photos/videos, and identifying signs of tampering, coercion or social engineering.
Except as described in this Privacy Policy under the section below headed “Fraud checks, including device integrity and fraud signals”, when performing biometric checks we do not store the extracted face scans once the check is complete. Where a client has asked us to provide an authentication service, the client may ask Onfido to store a reference image chosen by the client for each relevant user. (This image is retained in accordance with retention periods set by the client and subject to any maximum retention periods specified by Onfido or in applicable laws.) When Onfido is asked to authenticate a user, we will generate two face scans - one using a new image of the user and one using the reference image we have stored. If the two images match, the authentication is confirmed. Clients who wish to use an authentication service without the need for Onfido to store a reference image can choose to store an encrypted version of the face scan relating to a reference image themselves (including on the user’s device). When Onfido is asked to authenticate a user, we will be given access to the stored face scan and we will compare it to a new face scan that we generate using a new image of the user. If the two images match, the authentication is confirmed.
Information collected: images or videos (including audio recordings) of a user and/or of their identity document, metadata extracted from those images or videos, and data extracted from those images or videos that may be construed as a scan of face geometry or a voiceprint and which may be considered to be biometric identifiers or biometric information by applicable US biometric privacy laws. Users located in the US should refer to
Onfido’s Facial Scan and Voice Recording Policy
for details.
Data Verification
Onfido provides clients with
data verification
checks via a network of trusted Data Providers (defined above) and our own internal checks. These checks enable clients to verify their users, detect fraud and comply with anti money laundering (AML) and Know Your Client (KYC) requirements. We conduct these checks by comparing personal information provided by the client or the user with information held by Data Providers or information extracted from documents, e.g. a utility bill for
proof of address
checks. Our global network of data verification services varies depending on a user's location and includes voter and driving license registers and other government databases, police databases, consumer credit agencies, sanctions and Politically Exposed Persons (PEP) lists, adverse media sources, utility companies, mobile network providers and other trusted commercial sources. At the request of a client, these services may be provided on an ongoing basis, for example where a client’s regulatory obligations require ongoing monitoring against sanction and PEP lists.
Information collected: the information collected will vary depending on the availability of checks in the user’s location and the Identity Services selected by Onfido’s clients. It may include contact details such as postal address, email address, telephone number, social security number or other national identity number, information extracted from a utility bill a user uploads or other information provided by the Data Provider e.g. a user’s mobile network operator, publicly available information from media searches, sanctions and PEP lists.
Fraud checks, including device integrity and fraud signals
Onfido leverages a number of different
fraud detection
capabilities. Some of these depend on the scope of the Identity Services selected by Onfido’s clients, whereas other fraud checks are applied across all of the above services. For example, Onfido will analyze the metadata associated with the user’s Selfie and the image or video of their identity document (to identify whether any editing software can be detected) to assess the likelihood that the user is genuine.
Onfido can also help clients to determine whether a device, email address or phone number has previously been used in relation to suspected fraudulent activity, shows unusual usage patterns, has been manipulated or otherwise indicates that the user may not be genuine. At a client’s request, Onfido and our Data Providers may collect ‘passive signals’ from the client (for example mobile number or email address) or a user’s device as they engage with the client’s website or app or Onfido’s Identity Services. Such information may include device identifiers, IP address, information about the device (for example the operating system used, whether the device is providing false randomized device and network information or has otherwise been compromised) and how the user interacts with it. Together this information helps Onfido and our Data Providers assess the likelihood of you being a genuine user, assign a risk score and infer certain information such as your broad geographical location from your IP address.
At a client’s request, we can also check whether we have previously verified a user on behalf of that client by comparing the information submitted as part of a new Document Check and/or Biometric Check, to information we have previously verified for that client. (More specifically, at a client’s request we will retain information (including face scans depending on the service the client has chosen to use) extracted from a user’s identity document or Selfie, and compare this retained information to the newly submitted information. As explained further below, clients determine how long we retain the extracted information). This helps our client not only verify users’ identities but further protects them and their users from fraud by helping clients understand when a user may be generating multiple identities, editing and tampering with documents or manipulating device or network information.
Information collected: the information collected will vary depending on the availability of checks in the user’s location and the Identity Services selected by Onfido’s clients. It may include: the information listed in the Document Check and/or Biometric Check sections above; data extracted from images or videos of identity documents that may be construed as a scan of face geometry and which may be considered to be biometric identifiers or biometric information by applicable US biometric privacy laws (users located in the US should refer to
Onfido’s Facial Scan and Voice Recording Policy
for details); mobile number, email address, IP address, device details including device identifiers and other information about the user’s device and how they are interacting with our Identity Services (for example we may collect information about the upload time, which version of our software was used, the camera name and model used to capture any images and whether there are any indicators that the device has been tampered with or emulated). We may also analyze how the user is interacting with their device to assess the likelihood of of the user being a genuine user and who they say they are, for example
fraudsters
will cut and paste large volumes of information from their clipboard, use this functionality multiple times and otherwise navigate between applications on their device very differently from a genuine user. Onfido and our Data Providers may also use such information to infer other information about the user, for example their broad geographical location from their IP address, or to calculate an identity risk score to assist clients in determining whether the user is a genuine user.
Onfido Reports and Automated Decision Making
Once we have verified an identity or run a check, we share the results with the client in a report (“
Onfido Report
”). Below, we have provided a graphical representation of an Onfido Report:
Each Onfido Report contains an overall result of ‘Clear’ or ‘Consider’:
If we’re able to verify the identity of a user, and the requested checks do not show signs of fraud or other anomalies, we notify the client that the checks are Clear.
If we’re unable to verify the identity of a user, or the user isn’t able to pass all requested checks or the checks show signs of fraud or other anomalies, we return a Consider result.
If we return a Consider result, we will also provide a detailed breakdown of the reasons why. (The reasons are generated from the different machine learning models and/or human powered processes that are used to verify an identity or perform a check.)
Onfido Reports contain recommendations only and the reasons behind them. It is then for the client to decide how to proceed with a user - based on the content of the Onfido Report, but also on the basis of other information available to them (including additional information they may have or decide to request from their users).
By providing our clients with these detailed Onfido Reports, our aim is to empower our clients to make informed decisions about their users and to provide help to users that are having difficulty in passing an Onfido check.
3. Using Information As Controller
As explained above, when we use personal information to provide Identity Services to our clients, we are acting on their behalf as their service provider and processor. However, we also process the personal information of users, and others, on our own behalf (as a “controller”) for the purposes described in this section. If you are in the EEA or UK, we will only use your personal information for a particular purpose where we have a “legal basis” for this. We have set out below the legal bases we rely upon for each purpose.
To develop and improve our Identity Services (including machine learning technologies)
At Onfido, our vision is to simplify digital identity. To do this, provided we have the permission of our clients and it is not prohibited by applicable law, we use the personal information we collect about our clients’ users (as described above) to improve and develop our Identity Services. For the same purpose, we may also use personal information that has been made publicly available or that we have obtained from a third party provided this is not prohibited by applicable law.
Developing and improving our Identity Services includes building and improving our technology (such as our machine learning technologies and algorithms) and developing and testing new checks, products and services to better verify a user’s identity and/or detect fraud. For example, we may need to train our models to recognise a novel fraud attack, a new version of an ID document or to minimize bias and improve performance. As part of this work, we train our technology to recognize specific patterns in information and make predictions about new sets of information based on those patterns. This is known as machine learning. We also train our human analysts to perform those tasks so they can assist when our machine learning models aren’t best suited for the task or are still learning. Sometimes, we’ll also re-run and re-submit checks to ensure our Identity Services are working properly, particularly when testing a new feature or service for quality checks. Together, these developments help make Onfido’s Identity Services stronger and safer for all clients and users.
We process personal information for these purposes on the basis that it is necessary for the legitimate interest of our clients and Onfido. Financial crime, fraud, and corruption are serious issues that affect not only the law enforcement community but financial institutions, the private sector, and other major corporations – as well as individuals themselves. As such, Onfido considers there is a clear legitimate interest in improving and developing our Identity Services for the purpose of continuing to effectively tackle and reduce fraud.
Where we use sensitive personal information for these purposes (for example, information which could potentially reveal information about someone’s racial or ethnic origin), we primarily process this information on the basis that it is necessary for reasons of substantial public interest. Such public interests include ensuring equality of treatment across all types of users by measuring and mitigating algorithmic bias with a view to providing fair and inclusive Identity Services, which effectively detect fraud, and are balanced against the rights and freedoms of users. When developing our services, Onfido implements specific measures to safeguard the rights and freedoms of those individuals whose data is used for this purpose, including pseudonymisation (where possible), impact assessments and strict security controls to safeguard their fundamental rights and their interests.
To compile statistics, benchmarking and analytics
We use personal information (such as check results, identity document type, and device metadata) to create statistics regarding the use and performance of our Identity Services. We provide these statistics to our clients so that they and we may use them to, for example, conduct benchmarking and analytics (for example, to compare a client’s missed fraud rates to the general missed fraud rate for an industry, or to analyze fraud trends). We also use these statistics to gain market insights (for example, to enhance understanding of missed fraud trends and identify fraud patterns) and to inform our decision making on product improvements. An individual cannot be identified from these statistics and where possible, we pseudonymise, aggregate and/or de-identify (and where feasible anonymise) personal information which is used for these purposes.
We process personal information for these purposes on the basis that it is necessary for Onfido’s and our clients’ legitimate interests in understanding (at the aggregate level) how people are using our Identity Services.
For compliance with applicable law/regulation, to exercise, establish or defend legal rights or claims, or to protect someone’s vital interests
Onfido may process the personal information we collect about our clients’ users (as described above) where this is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation, to exercise, establish or defend legal rights or claims, or to protect someone’s vital interests. For example, we may be required by law to:
disclose information in response to a request from a government or law enforcement body as described in the section below headed “
Government and Law Enforcement Requests
”;
collect a user’s broad geographic location (e.g. country or city-level location), either directly from them or the client or by approximating this based on the user’s device’s IP address, to enable Onfido and our clients to comply with global sanctions requirements and the increasing number of biometric and privacy laws that apply to our Identity Services. We use this broad geographic location to determine a user’s location to display the relevant consent screen and collect any necessary biometric consents or identify if a user is located in a sanctioned country where we are prohibited by law from providing services.
In connection with a business transaction or to obtain professional advice
Onfido may need to process your personal information in connection with an actual or proposed divestiture, merger, acquisition, joint venture, bankruptcy, dissolution, reorganization, or any other similar transaction or proceeding, or to obtain professional advice. We process personal information for these purposes on the basis that it is necessary for Onfido’s legitimate interest in running its business in a commercial and compliant manner.
4. Data Sharing
In addition to sharing personal information with clients and Data Providers (as described above), Onfido also shares personal information:
With third parties who help us provide our Identity Services and perform tasks on our behalf. This includes: information technology and related infrastructure providers (who provide us with a place to store your personal information); data analytics providers (who help us to analyze trends and provide market insights); and our business process outsourcing partners (whose staff perform human review and quality checks);
With other companies in the Onfido group of companies who help us to provide our services (for example, by providing ancillary engineering, technical or customer support);
With an actual or potential buyer, investor or partner (and its agents and advisers) in relation to a business transaction;
With parties that provide Onfido with professional (e.g. advisory and auditing) advice and services;
With a competent law enforcement body, regulatory, government agency, or court;
With any other person where instructed to do so by a client. For example, if a client has configured the Identity Services to check whether an identity document has been previously identified as lost, stolen, fraudulent, or otherwise compromised by a government or other external party, Onfido may share that compromised identity document on behalf of that client, and the government or other external party may retain a copy to the extent they consider it necessary, proportionate, and lawful. Under the instruction of clients and as permitted by applicable law, Onfido currently shares identity documents with the
UK Metropolitan Police
as part of their
Amberhill Database
for such purposes; and
To any other person where we have a legitimate legal reason for doing so.
Whenever legally possible, we seek to protect the personal information we share by imposing contractual privacy and security safeguards on the recipient of that information. In some cases, however, it’s not possible for us to do so — for example, when we have a legal obligation to disclose information to a government authority and that government authority is not willing to enter into such contractual safeguards.
If the sharing of personal information involves cross border international transfers of data, we make such transfers in accordance with relevant privacy law requirements. For example, if personal information that is processed subject to the GDPR is transferred outside of the EEA/UK to a country that the
European Commission does not consider provides an adequate level of protection for your personal information
, we will require the receiving party to enter into the European Commission approved Standard Contractual Clauses (and/or their UK and Switzerland equivalents). You can request a copy of these clauses by contacting us using the details in the section below headed “
Contact Onfido or our Data Protection Officer
.”
5. Information Security
Where possible, we pseudonymize, de-identify and/or aggregate personal information to protect privacy and minimize security risks. Pseudonymized data is where we replace, transform or remove information so that it no longer identifies an individual without additional information. Onfido also takes appropriate administrative, physical, technical and organizational measures designed to help protect the information it holds from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. For more information about information security at Onfido, please visit the
Guide to Security at Onfido
.
If you think you have identified a security vulnerability or bug in our Identity Services, please report it to the Onfido security team at
security@onfido.com
and as described in the
Onfido Responsible Security Bug Disclosure Policy
.
6. Data Storage
We provide our Identity Services on behalf of our clients for a variety of different reasons. Those reasons are identified by our clients, and we rely on them to tell us when they no longer need us to store the personal information we’ve collected on their behalf, subject to maximum retention periods imposed by applicable laws or defined by Data Providers or by Onfido.
Where we use personal information that has been made publicly available or that we have obtained from a third party to develop and improve our Identity Services (including machine learning technologies), we retain the information for as long as is necessary to complete the purpose for which the information was collected, subject to applicable laws and any retention periods.
Where we have a legitimate legal reason, we may store personal information for longer than described above – for example, where we are under a binding legal order not to destroy information.
7. Your Rights
Depending on where you live and subject to applicable privacy law, you may have the following rights in respect of the personal information we process about you as described in this Privacy Policy:
the right to request access to and disclosure of information that we hold.
the right to change and/or correct inaccurate information.
the right to block or suppress our processing of your information. This enables you to request that Onfido suspends the processing of your information in certain circumstances.
the right to object to our processing of your information where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and you feel such processing impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms.
the right to request that we delete your information, subject to certain exceptions.
the right to request portability of your information. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, with your information in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format.
the right to withdraw your consent, if applicable. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
the right to lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority or regulator.
If you wish to exercise your rights in relation to how we use your personal information as described under the section headed "The Information We Collect and How We Use It On Behalf Of Our Clients”, please contact the client so they may respond to your request directly. (If you contact us instead of our client, we will notify the relevant client so they may fulfill your request.)
If you wish to exercise your rights in relation to how we use your personal information as described under the section headed “Using Information As Controller”, please contact us at
privacyrequests@onfido.com
or at the postal address below. If you exercise any of your data protection rights detailed in this section, we will not discriminate against you.
8. Government and Law Enforcement Requests
If you are a government or law enforcement body that wishes to request personal or confidential information related to a check that we may have conducted on a particular user, please contact the client on whose behalf the check was carried out. Since we provide our Identity Services on behalf of our clients, we are not able to disclose any information related to a specific check unless the relevant client directs us to do so, or we are subject to a legal requirement (such as a court order or statutory power mandating disclosure) to do so. If you wish to request the disclosure of information in respect of which there is such a legal requirement, please contact us at
privacyrequests@onfido.com
providing clear details of the legal requirement in your message.
9. Contact Onfido or our Data Protection Officer
If you would like more information about how Onfido collects and uses personal information, please contact Onfido at
privacyrequests@onfido.com
, or at: Attention: Privacy Office, Onfido Ltd, 14-18 Finsbury Square, 3rd Floor, London, EC2A 1AH, United Kingdom.
If you would like to raise a concern or otherwise communicate with our Data Protection Officer, you may contact them at
onfido@hewardmills.com
or at: Attention: Onfido Data Protection Officer, Heward Mills, 77 Farringdon Road, London, EC1M 3JU, United Kingdom.
We care about your privacy! This website uses cookies to improve your experience, tailor content to your preferences, and analyze performance and traffic on our website. We share information about use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners.
Cookie Policy
Settings
Accept
Your Opt Out Preference Signal is Honored
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our website by our third party advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and to better reach you with personalised ads and content, both on our own website and third-party websites, apps, and other online services (“Services”). Advertising cookies enable the third party ad companies to track your visits to the Services, to better understand your preferences and interests in order to provide you more relevant ads on behalf of us and other companies. If you do not allow Targeting Cookies, you will still see ads online but they may be less relevant to you.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label