This Privacy Policy describes the information collected by Yorga mobile applications and website and how we use that information.
We Don’t Collect Any Personal Information with Our Applications
When you download and use our mobile applications, we don’t require you to provide any information and we don’t collect any information about you or your device, except for non-personal information about screens viewed and actions taken within our mobile applications. We use this data to enhance and improve our applications.
We Don’t Collect Information of Children
Our website and mobile applications comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act. We don’t knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13, and if in the event that a user identifies himself or herself as a child under the age of 13 through a support request, we will not collect, store or use, and will delete in a secure manner, any personal information of such user.
When You Request Support, You May Send Us Email
We allow users to contact us if they have questions about use of our mobile applications. If you submit a support request, we may receive your email address and other information you provide related to your support request (“Support Information”). We use Support Information only to provide support to you.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
We use Support Information only to provide support to you. We don’t rent, sell or share your email address unless we have your express consent and in the following circumstances:
(i) We may share your Support Information with our support providers, but only for the purpose of providing support to you.
(ii) We may share your email address and Support Information to enforce compliance with our mobile application license agreements and user agreements, to respond to legal requirements, when legally required to do so, and at the request of governmental authorities.
(iii) We may share your email address and Support Information with a successor entity or in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, sale of assets or other corporate reorganization provided that use of your email address is otherwise in compliance with this Privacy Policy.
Cookies
When you visit our website, we may send cookies to your computer that uniquely identify your browser. We use cookies to improve the quality of our service by storing user preferences and tracking usage information. Most browsers allow you to disable cookies or set your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent to your computer.
Links to Third Party Sites
We may provide links and/or connections to third-party web sites or services from our website and our mobile applications. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of these third-party sites.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. Use of information we collect is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is collected. If we make changes in the way we use your email address, we will notify you in advance of posting by email. Such modifications will become effective on the date set forth in the email.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, please send us an email.
info@yorga.net