Approve
Reject
View details
Request a review
Learn more
Signature pending
Sign
Reject
View details
Review
Not spam
Remove forever
Not spam
Page
/
6
Loading…
{"id": "1wwEZR_CWBMIlYrjHNsn2-p92hIKI_wIY", "title": "Rewire Privacy Policy.pdf", "mimeType": "application\/pdf"}
Page 1 of 6
October 2023
1
Rewire Privacy Policy
Introduction
Welcome to Rewire, a platform for users to send money/remit funds abroad for various purposes, such as cross-
border remittances, money transfers and other financial services (the “Service”).
This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) explains how information about you is collected and used by the Service, which is
developed and operated by Rewire (O.S.G) Research and Development Ltd., a company incorporated under the
laws of the State of Israel (“Rewire Ltd.”) and Rewire EU B.V. (“Rewire EU”), a Dutch company and a wholly
owned subsidiary of Rewire Ltd. (together referred to as “Rewire”, the “Company” or “we”, “us”, “our”),
available as web service on our website - https://www.rewire.to/il if you are located in Israel or
https://hello.rewire.to if you are located in Europe, and as an application on App Store and Play Store.
We are committed to complying with applicable data protection laws, including the EU and the UK General Data
Protection Regulation (GDPR).
The Service is not directed to users under the age of 18. We do not knowingly collect information or data from
children under the age of 18 or knowingly allow minors under the age of 18 to use the Service.
This Policy may be amended from time to time. We will post any change to this Policy on our Service at a
reasonable time in advance of the effective date of the change, and we will also make efforts to proactively notify
you by email of the changes if we have your email address.
Contact us
If you have any questions, comments or concerns regarding this Policy or our processing of your personal
information, please contact us at as follows:
• For general requests and privacy matters - support@rewire.to, hello@rewire.to, privacy@rewire.to
• For complaints - complaints@rewire.to.
What we collect and why
Scenario Purposes Categories of information processed
When you
register to our
Service or go
through our KYC
Providing you with the functionality of the
Service, contacting you regarding
administrative issues related to the Services,
this Policy, our Terms of Service, support and
maintenance
Mobile phone number, email address,
user’s address, full name, gender, user
profile photo, date of birth, financial or
payment information and location data
(user-entered). If you will also want to
transfer funds back to your own home,
we may request to collect additional
information, such as your ID, Passport,
Driving License, address and additional
information as may be required by
Rewire. We refer to this as
“Registration Information”.
Registering to the Service is mandatory,
but you do not have a legal obligation
to do so.
When you
provide us with
access to your
device
components
We use your device components for the
following purposes:
• Telephone - for creating contacts
• GPS - for accurate address input
• Camera - for KYC purposes (scan
identification documents)
Telephone, GPS, Camera, Contact list or
address book, SMS or MMS, Unique
device ID (UDID) or UUID, User photos
or videos on device storage.
Page 2 of 6
October 2023
2
• Contact list or address book – for allowing
users to import their contacts into the
Service and create recipients out of them
• SMS or MMS - for autofilling 2FA codes
• Unique device ID (UDID) or UUID – for
tracking porpuses as required by law or
for the provision of the Service
• User photos or videos on device storage -
for storing screenshots of barcode info
Subscribing to
our newsletters
or for receiving
marketing
communications
Providing you with the newsletter and
marketing communications about our
services, including updates about new services
that we believe may be suitable to you, subject
to your consent.
Registration Information (as defined
above)
When you
transfer funds on
our Service
Providing you with the functionality of the
Service you requested, such as the transfer of
funds or finding the nearest deposit point for
our Service.
Information regarding any transactions
and money transfers you make,
including their amounts, their
recipients, date and time and other
transactional information. Optionally -
geolocation
When you choose
to save your
fingerprint to
access the service
and when you
request to send
funds home
(involving facial
recognition)
Providing you with the functionality of the
Service you requested, such as accessing the
service via your fingerprint or sending funds
home via facial recognition verification
Fingerprints, facial recognition data.
We refer to this as “Biometric
Information”.
Contacting us
with an inquiry
through our
email, WhatsApp
bot, Facebook
Messenger, or via
a phone call
Responding to your inquiry, our business
development
Your mobile phone number, full name,
ID number / other unique identifier, the
subject of your inquiry and the text of
your message. We refer to this as
“Inquiry Information”.
When you
provide us with
your feedback
and reviews
Responding to your feedback and reviews, our
business development
Mobile phone number, full name, ID
number / other unique identifier and
the feedback or review.
Use of cookies
and internal
analytics tools on
the Service
Facilitate a Service feature that the user
specifically requested, analyze the Service
usage to evaluate and improve its
performance, improve user experience on the
Service, inform and serve personalized ads
more relevant to user interests
IP address from which you access the
Service, time and date of access, type
of device and browser used, language
used, links clicked via a mouse or a
touch screen, and actions taken while
using the Service.
You do not have a legal obligation to provide us with the abovementioned information; however, if you choose
to not share this information with us, we may not be able to handle or respond to your inquiry, fulfill your request
to register or to use our Service functionalities, or to send you our newsletter and marketing communications
with information about our business and offers.
You may 'opt-out' of using your Information for marketing communications and newsletters by sending an email
to: privacy@rewire.to, or as otherwise provided in our marketing communications or newsletters. By doing so,
Page 3 of 6
October 2023
3
Rewire will only delete the Information which is required to contact you for marketing communications, while
the rest of the Information you submitted to us which is necessary to provide you with the Service will continue
to be processed and used.
Methods and sources for collecting your personal information
We collect the personal information from several sources:
• Directly from you when you register to our Service or when provided to us through our email, WhatsApp
Bot, Facebook Messenger or via a phone call.
• From our service providers helping us to operate the Service.
• Through the device you use to access our Service, including through third party cookies and analytics
tools, such as Internal analytics services, Facebook Ads, Google Analytics, Woopra, Heap, Appsflyer,
Vimeo and Big Commerce. For further information regarding cookies and how we use them, please refer
to our Cookie Policy.
Sharing your personal information
We will not share your information with third parties, except in the events listed below or when you provide us
your explicit and informed consent.
Scenario Purposes Third parties involved
We will share your information
with our service providers who
assist us with the internal
operations of the Service. These
companies are authorized to use
your personal information in this
context only as necessary to
provide these services to us and
not for their own promotional
purposes
Operating the Service and our
business
Examples include GCP, Onfido and Salv
Subject to the following additional
Policies:
GCP -
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Onfido - https://onfido.com/privacy/
Salv - https://salv.com/privacy-policy/
Additional Service Providers who we
may share your information with:
Newxel
If you abused your rights to use
the Service or violated any
applicable law while doing
business with us.
Responding to, handling, and
mitigating suspected violations
of law in connection with our
business.
Competent authorities, legal counsels,
and advisors
If a judicial, governmental, or
regulatory authority requires us
to disclose your information.
Complying with a binding
request from a competent
authority.
Competent authorities.
If the operation of the Service or
our business is organized within a
different framework, or through
another legal structure or entity.
Enabling a structural change in
the operation of the Service and
our business.
The target entity of the merger or
acquisition, legal counsels, and
advisors.
Use of third-party platforms
Our Service enables you to interact with third party platforms, such as Facebook, Viber, WhatsApp or your email
account provider. This feature of the Service is used to integrate a Facebook "Like" button within our Service, to
invite your friends and contacts to use the Service and for various other purposes. Your use of such third-party
platforms and the platforms’ use of your Information and the content you post, share or email through them,
are governed by their respective terms of use and privacy policy, not this Policy.
Data retention and security
Rewire Privacy Policy.pdf
Rewire Privacy Policy.pdf
Open
Open
Open with
Save changes
Sign in
Details
Comments
General Info
Type
Dimensions
Size
Duration
Location
Modified
Created
Opened by me
Sharing
Description
Loading…
Sign in
Copy
Add a comment
Page 1 of 6