Findster Technologies S.A. | Privacy Policy
Findster is introducing a new paradigm for location systems, democratizing their access and inclusion in the everyday life of pet owners, allowing a higher degree of safety and protection of their loved ones.
With a focus in using technologies to improve the quality of life, we are committed to the principles of respecting your privacy, keeping your data safe, and letting you decide how your information is used and shared. We guarantee you that:
We will only collect data that is useful to process transactions, send periodic emails and to improve Findster’s products, services and user’s experience;
We will be transparent about our data practices and will explain them in clear language;
We will never sell your data, and will only share personally identifiable data when you direct us to;
We will always take the security of your data seriously.
This privacy policy applies to our GPS Pet Tracker - Findster Duo+ (“Device”), our website located at www.getfindster.com (“Site”), Findster connect software (“Software”) and to the Findster mobile application for iPhone OS and Android OS (“APP.”). The Device, the Site, Software and App are collectively referred to in this privacy policy as the “Findster Service”.
Because we’re always looking for new and innovative ways to ensure a great experience for our users, this policy may change over time. If any modifications substantially change your rights under this policy, we will always provide notice on the site and by email.
Moreover, if something in this policy does not make sense or if you have any questions, please contact us at
support@getfindster.com
.
Information Gathering
In this Privacy Policy, "Personal Information" means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person; an identifiable person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to a name, an identification number, or, in certain circumstances, location information or an IP address.
Visiting the Website
Findster collects some data from everyone who visits our website. Whenever you visit our website, we collect industry standard log data that records information about your visits, such as your browser type, operating system, the URL of the page that referred you, the different actions you performed, and the IP address from the pages you visited. We use this type of information to provide you with information that’s relevant to your location and to make sure that the website is working properly. We also collect data from cookies. To see the full list cookies, we use and how we use them, please read our
Cookie Policy
.
Placing an Order
When placing an order, you will be asked to fill some personal information, including your email address, shipping address, name and phone. We save the data so that we can provide customer service related to the purchase and process your order through our fulfilment partner.
In order to complete your order on our website, you’ll need to provide payment information. We do not, however, view or store your credit card information. This is handled by our third-party payment processor.
Creating a Findster Account
When accessing the App and if you want to access data collected by your Device from the Findster App, you must create a Findster account.
When you create a Findster account, we ask for some personal information, including your email address, name and date of birth. You will also have the option to create your Findster account using a different credential like your Facebook account. If you choose to do so, we will ask permission to access basic to public profile information from that account, like your name, email and profile photo. You can stop sharing that information with us at any time by removing Findster’s access to that account or by sending us an email.
We will access your phone’s contact list for the purpose of letting you identify contacts who are Findster users. We do not store your phone’s contact list, and it is deleted immediately after it is used for this purpose.
Activating a Findster device
When activating a Findster device, you will be asked to download the Findster App and enter information about your pet such as a photo, gender, date of birth, weight and size. Whenever you add this type of data, we collect it and store it with your other account information. We use this information to determine your pets’ personalized fitness stats – for example, calories burned, steps taken, resting time and distance travelled - and transmit this data to Findster App.
Syncing your Findster device
When you sync your device, data about your pet activity and the location is transferred from your device to our servers. This data is stored and used to provide the Findster Service. Each time a sync occurs, we also log data about the transmission. Some examples of the log data are the sync time and date, device battery level, position and activity data of the pet since the last sync.
Asking for Help
Whenever you contact Findster for help, we collect your name and email address along with any additional information you provide in your request and store it on our servers in order to provide you with customer service and to improve the customer service. You can also contact Findster through public forums such as Twitter or Facebook; however, we cannot maintain the privacy of your communication with us if you contact us through these channels.
Sharing access to your pet info
Findster lets you share with your friends, who are already Findster users or invite friends and who have not yet joined to access to each other’s pets, and monitor their activity and location from anywhere. You can share access to your pet info by providing their email addresses by accessing social networking accounts such as Facebook, or from the contact list on your phone. When you share your friends’ contact information with us, we will only use it for this purpose. We do not store your phone’s contact list, and it is deleted immediately after it is used for this purpose.
Activating location features
Location features such as mapping, virtual fences and radar are only available if you activate them. When active, Findster collects data like GPS signals, device sensors, Wi-Fi access points, and cell tower IDs to determine your specific location and your pets’ specific location. We store this information along with your other account information in order to provide you with location features. If you are using a mapping feature, we will send your location information to our mapping service provider, so they can display your location on a map. They are contractually prevented from sharing or using this data for any other purpose. You can deactivate these features at any time and Findster will stop collecting this type of information.
Information Processing
Findster uses your data to provide you with the best experience possible and to help you make the most of your device. Here are some examples:
Size, weight, gender and age is used to estimate the number of calories your pet burns;
Contact information is used to send you account notifications and to inform you about new features or products we think you would be interested in;
Your data is used for research to understand and improve Findster products and services;
Logs and other data are used to troubleshoot Findster services; detect and protect against error, fraud or other criminal activity; and enforce the Findster Terms of Use;
De-identified data that does not identify you may be used to inform the community about trends; for marketing and promotional use; or for sale to interested audiences.
We don’t sell any data that could identify you. We only share data about you when it is necessary to provide our services, when the data is de-identified and aggregated, or when you direct us to share it.
Data that could Identify You
Personally Identifiable Information (PII) is data that includes a personal identifier like your name, email or address, or data that could reasonably be linked back to you. We will only share PII data under the following circumstances:
With companies that are contractually engaged in providing us with services like order fulfilment, billing, email management and credit card processing. These companies are obligated by contract to safeguard any PII they receive from us;
If we believe, after due consideration, that doing so is reasonably necessary to comply with a law, regulation, or valid legal process. If we are going to release your data, we will do our best to provide you with notice in advance by email, unless we are prohibited by a court order from doing so or where the request or legal process is directly related to a regulatory investigation. In the latter case, we will ensure user information we disclosed is treated as confidential;
If it is necessary for connection with the sale, merger, bankruptcy, sale of assets or reorganization of our company, your PII can be sold or transferred as part of that transaction as permitted by law. The promises in this Privacy Policy will apply to your data as transferred to the new entity.
Data that does not Identify You
Findster may share or sell aggregated, de-identified data that does not identify you with partners and the public in a variety of ways, such as by providing research or reports and trends. When we provide this information, we take legal and technical measures to ensure that the data does not identify you and cannot be associated back with you.
Data that you direct us to Share
You can direct us to share data with other parties. For example, you might authorize us to link your Findster account with a third-party or link to your Facebook account. Once you direct us to share your data with a third party, that data is governed by the third-party’s privacy policy. You can revoke your consent to share with the third party at any time by contacting
Findster Customer Support
.
Other Ways You Might Share Your Data
Default Visibility Settings
The privacy settings on new Findster accounts are set to reveal minimal data about you with the purpose of getting you active and involved. You can accept to share more info on the App and can always adjust your privacy settings by sending us an email.
Findster Social Tools
In order to increase the engagement with the product, Findster provides ways for you to share data with other Findster users, such as with the Daily, Weekly, Monthly and All-time Leaderboards. When you interact with others in these ways, you will be displaying your data based on the visibility settings in your User Account privacy settings.
Newsletter
If you subscribed to our newsletter, we will use your data in the following ways:
Findster’s newsletter includes news, offers and other information from Findster. Through the newsletter, you will receive personalized advertising about our products and services or proposals to participate in campaigns.
By subscribing to the Findster’s newsletter, you agree that in order for us to make a personalized compilation of news, offers and other information, we may review your purchasing and use patterns of our sites so that we can compile a personalized newsletter for if it meets your needs and interests. Your data is also stored and used for promotional purposes and market research. For this purpose, we will only contact you by email. Finally, we will also use your data to analyze and improve the effectiveness of our sites.
If you no longer wish to receive the newsletter, you can unsubscribe from the newsletter at any time. To do so, click on the link in all newsletters. You will be directed to the cancellation process. You may also email us your revocation of consent regarding your subscription to the newsletter.
Contests and Giveaways
Findster may offer opportunities to participate in contests, giveaways and other promotions. Any data you submit in connection with these activities will be treated in accordance with this Privacy Policy unless the rules for those offers notes otherwise.
Surveys
Findster may also ask you to participate in surveys that help us understand your use of our products and services. Any PII you provide to Findster in these surveys will only be used in relation to that survey and as stated in this Policy.
How Long We Save Your Data
We store your PII for as long as you remain as a Findster customer.
Edit or Modify Your Data
Any data that you provide to Findster through the website can be modified by sending an email to Customer Support. Any data that you provide to Findster through the APP can be modified from your preferences. If you remove data from your User Account, it will no longer appear to you or others who use the Service. Backups of that data will remain in association with your User Account and in our archive servers.
Deactivate Your Findster Account
You can deactivate your Findster account by contacting
Customer Support
. By doing that, data that can identify you will be removed from the service, including but not limited to your email and name. Backup copies of this data will be removed from our server based upon an automated schedule, which means it may persist in our archive for a short period. Findster may continue to use your de-identified data.
Findster Policies for Children
Findster is not directed at persons under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect any PII from children under 13. If you are aware of a user under the age of 13 using Findster, please contact us at
support@getfindster.com
.
Opt-out Of Receiving Findster Emails
You can opt-out of receiving promotional emails by unsubscribing via the “Unsubscribe” link in any Findster email. Opting-out of these emails will not end transmission of important service-related emails that are necessary to your account maintenance.
Keeping Data Safe
Findster uses a combination of technical and administrative security controls to maintain the security of your data and protect the personal data of users against unauthorized access. However, the user is responsible for ensuring that the computer they are using is appropriately protected, for example, against malicious software and computer viruses. Furthermore, whenever data is collected over an open network such as the internet, the data may be transmitted without secure conditions, whereby there is a risk it may be seen and used by unauthorised third parties. Users shall not be entitled to provide their password and any other data that permit access to the user’s account to third parties.
If you have a security-related concern, please contact
Findster Customer Support
.
Handling Data from International Visitors
Findster Services are hosted in Portugal and are subject to Portuguese and EU law. If you are accessing this services from outside Portugal or the EU pleased please be advised that the Portuguese or EU law and other countries may not offer the same privacy protections as the law of your jurisdiction. If you are an EU or Switzerland resident all the personal information shared with other recipients, as described in this Privacy Policy, will have to comply with the applicable legal requirements for the transfer of personal information to recipients in countries outside the EU and Switzerland.
Cookies and Other Web Technologies
Cookies
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer’s hard drive or onto your mobile device’s memory. We use cookies to make our website and your experience better. They tell us which parts of our website you’ve visited so we can figure out your preferences or alert you to software compatibility issues. Cookies are not being used to gather information unnecessarily. Before starting using cookies and similar technologies on our website, you will be asked to agree. Most browsers also have settings to prevent them from accepting new cookies, to notify you when you receive a new cookie, or to delete or disable cookies altogether. You can delete the cookies that have been placed on your hard drive at any time. You can find more detailed information in the "Help" function of your browser.
However, if you delete cookies or block them from being stored, you may not get the full Findster experience.
Web Beacons
Web beacons (also known as web bugs, pixel tags or clear GIFs) are tiny graphics with a unique identifier that may be used for several purposes, including to deliver or communicate with cookies, to track and measure the performance of our Services, to monitor how many visitors view our Services, and to monitor the effectiveness of our advertising. Unlike cookies, which are stored on the user’s hard drive, web beacons are typically embedded invisibly on web pages (or in an e-mail). Findster, or third-party service providers acting on our behalf, may use web beacons and pixel tags to help us analyze usage and improve our functionality.
Third Party Services
Findster uses third-party services, listed below, to help us analyze certain online activities and improve our services. For example, these providers help us measure the performance of our online campaigns or analyze visitor activity on the Site. These outside services may also collect Personal Information about you and your online activities and place cookies on your computer's hard drive or your mobile device's memory or use web beacons to collect or receive information from the Services and elsewhere on the internet and use that information to provide analytics and to target ads. The information practices of these outside services are not covered by this Privacy Policy. We cannot access, nor do we have any control over, the cookies or other web technologies they may use. We send data to third-party analytics providers, so we can use their tools to understand how you and other Findster users use our services.
We use advertising cookies to present you with opportunities to purchase Findster products on our website, and retargeting cookies, to present you with Findster advertising on other websites based on your interaction on Findster’s website.
Social media tools, like widgets and plug-ins, are used so you can share information from Findster on other sites such Facebook, Twitter or by email. These interactive mini-programs collect your IP address, record the pages you visit on Findster, and set cookies that will enable the widget to function properly. Your interactions with these widgets are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing them, not by Findster’s Privacy Policy. We also use the Facebook and Twitter pixel tags to help us understand how effective our marketing is on those sites.
We use the following cookies and data analytics platforms:
Cookies:
Google Adwords Conversion: You can adjust the
Google Ads Settings
and
opt-out
of this program;
Google Tag Manager: To adjust the Settings and opt-out of this program please email us to
support@getfindster.com
;
Facebook Pixel: You can adjust the Settings and opt-out of this program in the setting of your
Facebook account
;
Hotjar: You can adjust the Settings and opt-out Hotjar to collect your data by visiting
https://www.hotjar.com/legal/compliance/opt-out
.
For information on how our advertising partners allow you to opt out of receiving ads based on your web browsing history, please visit
http://optout.aboutads.info
To opt out of ads on Facebook, Pinterest, or Google that are targeted to your interests, use your Facebook, Pinterest, or Google Ads settings.
Check your mobile device for settings that control ads based on your interactions with the applications on your device. For example, on your iOS device, enable the “Limit Ad Tracking” setting, and on your Android device, enable the “Opt out of Ads Personalization” setting.
Data Analytics:
We use Mixpanel as our primary analytics tool to understand how our customers use the Findster Services and Mixpanel People to contact you about the use of our product, for example, to contact you if you have trouble syncing your Device. You can read the MixPanel Privacy Policy and opt-out by visiting
https://mixpanel.com/optout
.
We use Google Analytics and Google Optimize analytics cookies that allows us to see how you engage with our services, so we can improve your experience. We encourage you to read the
Google Privacy Policy
. If you prefer to not have data reported by Google Analytics, you can install the Google Analytics
Opt-out Browser Add-on
.
Additionally, we use Fabric that provides analytics from iOS and Android Apps; Instabug that helps as a support for problem resolution related with the app; Firebase in order to send App push notifications and Apple Analytics to obtain Analytics from iOS App. To adjust the Settings and opt-out of these programs please email us to
support@getfindster.com
.
Contact Us if You Have Questions
You are entitled at any time to request information about your Personal Data that we store and request us to correct, delete or block your Personal Data. If you wish to do so or have any other question relating to data protection in connection with the Website or App, please contact us at
support@getfindster.com
.
Findster Technologies, S.A.
Rua Sá da Bandeira, 651, 1º Dto., 4000-437 Porto, Portugal
+351 223 248 286
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices