Privacy Policy
The iClassCMS Mobile App for schools is developed and licensed to schools by Bottletop Media, 1A Wellington Park, Malone, Belfast, BT96DJ. We care about your privacy and respect your privacy rights.
We have created this Privacy Policy to demonstrate our commitment to privacy. The following outlines this commitment to users as we want to be able to provide everyone with a user experience that is safe and secure.
By using the App, you permit the collection and use of your personal information as outlined below and you signify your agreement to this Privacy Policy
                    This policy and our Terms and Conditions set out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us.
Site security
We are committed to protecting the information you provide us with. To prevent unauthorised access or disclosure of information under our control, we have appropriate security management systems in place to safeguard the information we collect.
Firewalls, Intrusion Detection and Virus Scanners are used on our school websites and app databases.
While we make every effort to protect all personal information, we recognise that unfortunately no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, you do so at your own risk.
How we collect information
When registering as a user of the App you will be asked to provide information to us. The information that you provide to us will only be accessible to Bottletop Media and the relevant school with which you have registered.  It will never be made available to any other party
Uses made of the information
We use information held about you in the following ways:
To allow the school with which you have registered send you information on the latest news and events at that school. The school can also send push notification messages to you via the app. This will be one way communication from the school to the app user.
We may also use your email address to send you updates or news regarding the App or relevant school promotions.
School Profiles
Each school will have a profile page on the app. Information includes school email contact address, phone number and Google Mapping where possible.  This information is disclosed for your convenience and information.
Disclosure of your information to other people
Except as set out in this Policy, we do not disclose to any other party, personal information that you provide to us unless; we have your permission or we believe the law permits or requires it or it is required by a prospective seller or buyer of any business or assets related to the App.
We will notify you when information about you may be provided to third parties in ways other than explained above, and you will have the option to prevent such information sharing at the time that we notify you.
Security and control of your personal data
We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of the Website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. You must not to share your Website password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the Internet is not completely secure. Although we will endeavour to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to the App; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to endeavour to prevent unauthorised access.
You acknowledge that we are not responsible for any intercepted information sent via the Internet, and you hereby release us from any and all claims arising out of or related to the use of intercepted information in any unauthorised manner.
As a registered user of the App, you can modify your personal information at any time by accessing your Profile section of the App or alternatively if you have problems doing this, you can contact us . It is your responsibility to keep your personal information up to date at all times.
Links to third party websites
The App may contain links or advertisements to websites of our partner networks, Schools, advertisers and affiliates as well as third party websites to which we have no affiliation. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies.
Access to Information and Updating, Verifying and Deleting Personal Data
At any time, you can make a written request to have access to all the personal information that we hold about you.
You may inform us of any changes in your personal data and in accordance with our obligations to you, we will update or delete your personal data accordingly.
Contact Details can be found at
www.iclasscms.com
Copyright statement
Copyright is implied irrespective of whether a copyright symbol or a copyright statement is displayed. News, Event and Messaging Content on the App can be downloaded for personal non-commercial use . All of this content is owned by the school which is providing the information in the App
Changes to our privacy policy
Any changes we may make to our Privacy Policy in the future will be posted on this page, you may also be notified by email. You should visit this page periodically to review any changes to the Privacy Policy.
User Feedback and Complaints
Questions, comments and requests regarding this Privacy Policy are welcomed. Contact information is available at
www.iclasscms.com
Terms & Conditions
The iClassCMS Mobile App (‘App’) for schools is operated by Bottletop Media, 1A Wellington Park, Malone, Belfast, BT96DJ.
These terms and conditions (“Terms of Use”) and any other terms and conditions referred to in the Terms of Use shall apply to the use of the App. Access to and use of the App is provided by us and subject to the following Terms of Use.
Use of the App constitutes your acceptance of the Terms of Use which take effect on the date which you first use the App. We reserve the right to update the Terms of Use at any time without notice to you. Your continued use of the App after changes are posted constitutes your acceptance of the Terms of Use as modified by the posted changes.
Names, Images & Logos
The names, images and logos identifying iClassCMS or schools and their products and services are proprietary marks of Bottletop Media and/or schools in question.
Privacy
We are committed to safeguarding your privacy online. Please refer to our Privacy Policy for full details of our firm commitment to privacy.
Services
We make services available to schools via the App including the publishing of school news and school events. Participating schools also have the option to send push notification messages to registered users of the App
Use of the App requires you to register and you must complete the registration process by providing us with current, complete and accurate information as prompted by the applicable registration form. You are entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and account.
Unlawful & Prohibited Use
You are prohibited from using or removing any information or material (including designs, text, graphics, logos, images and related content) written, published, shared or otherwise appearing on the App. You acknowledge that we are the owner of the intellectual property rights. The App content (news, events and messages) is the property of the school which has published it. For the avoidance of doubt, use of the Content does not give you any proprietary rights in the Content.
Links to other Apps or Advertisers
While using the App you may access third party Apps or websites though links. Such third party Apps and websites are not under our control and we are not responsible for the availability of such Apps or websites or their contents.
Any links provided on the App are provided for your interest or convenience only and do not represent or imply any endorsement by us of such linked Apps and we cannot be held liable for any loss or damage which may arise from use of such third party Apps or contracts entered into resulting from the use of such third party Apps.
You acknowledge that the use of such third party Apps is governed by the terms and conditions of use applicable to such Apps.
Exclusion of Liability
In no event will Bottletop Media be liable for any damages including, without limitation indirect or consequential damages, or any damages whatsoever arising from use or loss of use, data, or profits, whether in action of contract or negligence, arising out of or in connection with the use of the App.
No warranty is given that the App shall be available on an uninterrupted basis, and no liability can be accepted in respect of losses or damages arising out of such unavailability.
We accept no liability in respect of losses or damages arising out of changes made to the Content of the App by any third parties. Access to and use of the App is at the users' own risk.
If these Terms of Use are not accepted in full, the use of the App must be terminated immediately.