Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy
Orion Apps provides this privacy policy in order to express our firm commitment to your privacy and privacy-related concerns.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
Orion Apps does not collect personal information — names, addresses, phone numbers, e-mail addresses, and specific location — about you except when you specifically provide such information on a voluntary basis; for example, when you provide Orion Apps with information in connection with a web site registration.
The app does use third party analytics services that may collect information from you. Based on Analytics data we see your uses of Apps various features and we update our app accordingly your usability and problems you faced. Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app (Firebase Analytics (https://firebase.google.com/policies/analytics/)
Cookies are files with small amount of data that is commonly used an anonymous unique identifier. These are sent to your browser from the website that you visit and are stored on your device internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collection information and to improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Orion Apps uses third-party advertising companies to serve ads and the third-party advertising companies may use non-personally identifiable information about a user’s visits to Orion Apps in order to provide advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to users.
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
This Privacy Policy is effective as of December 20, 2018. This Privacy Policy is not intended to and does not create any contractual or other legal rights in or on behalf of any party. We reserve the right, at any time and without notice, to add to, change, update or modify this Privacy Policy, simply by posting such change, update or modification on the Site. Any such change, update or modification will be effective immediately upon posting on the Site.
Orion Apps cooperates with all law enforcement inquires and with all third parties to enforce their intellectual property or other rights. We may disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims, legal process (including subpoenas), to protect the property and rights of Our App or a third party, the safety of the public or any person, to prevent or stop any illegal, unethical, or legally actionable activity, or to comply with the law. Orion Apps takes your privacy concerns very seriously.
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it