Opens in a new window
Opens an external website
Opens an external website in a new window
Close this dialog
This website utilizes technologies such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as for analytics, personalization, and targeted advertising.
You may change your settings at any time or accept the default settings.
You may close this banner to continue with only essential cookies.
Privacy Policy
Storage Preferences
Targeted Advertising
Personalization
Analytics
Save
Accept All
Reject All
Allocate Software is now part of RLDatix.
Read More
✕
Skip to main content
Close Search
Privacy Policy.
RLDatix Global Privacy Notice
Who is RLDatix?
RLDatix operates worldwide through subsidiary and affiliate companies. RLDatix is committed to privacy and to transparency in our information practices. This privacy notice describes our collection, use, disclosure and processing of personal information that is collected online via our websites and services provided.
Whenever dealing with one of the group companies, the ‘controller’ of your personal information will be the company that corresponds with details in
Schedule A
.
Where this notice refers to “we”, “our” or “us” below, unless it mentions otherwise, it is referring to the particular company that is the controller of your personal information.
What is this Notice?
We may collect personal information (defined below) about you, and we are committed to protecting this personal information and your privacy. Set out in this notice is an explanation of how we collect, use, and safeguard your personal information.
The key principles of integrity, openness, transparency, and respect for the rights of individuals are elements of this notice which apply to all of our business units globally. This privacy notice is only relevant for data that is in our capacity as a controller with respect to personal information.
Not covered by this notice
. This privacy notice does not apply to job applicants and candidates who apply for employment with us through our job application portal or to our employees and non-employee workers whose personal information is subject to different privacy policies which are provided to such individuals in the context of their employment or working relationship with an RLDatix group entity.
This notice does not apply where RLDatix processes personal information on behalf of and subject to the instructions of a client as part of Agreements or business dealings.
Why do we need this Notice?
This notice sets out the minimum requirements for all our businesses and employees for the confidentiality, security, integrity, and protection of personal information.
Where a jurisdiction in which we operate has regulatory or governance obligations over and above these notice minimums, for that jurisdiction these additional requirements are included in
Schedule B
.
What Personal Information do we collect?
The principles of data protection are that the amount of personal information which is collected and processed should be limited to what is necessary for the purpose for which the personal information was collected or obtained. We will only collect and use personal information about you that is necessary to provide you with the products and services that you have requested.
The information we collect depends on the nature of our relationship with you. Personal information we
may
collect includes:
behavioural (the activities, actions, transactions you may carry out, resources you access, clickstreams through websites);
contact (such as your name, address, phone number and email address);
monitoring (information relating to your activities on our website and your device (URL, IP, IMEI, browser type and version, time zone, operating system and platform, location);
legal (information relating to legal claims made by you or against you or the claims process);
sales (information relating to the sale of products or services to you);
correspondence (information contained in our correspondence or other communications including surveys with you about our products, services or business);
special data (dietary requirements should you attend an event we host);
Regardless of whether we are acting as the data controller or otherwise, we may collect personal information directly from you. This information is provided entirely voluntarily and may be provided by:
our website
https://www.rldatix.com
;
our customer support and ideas portal’s;
our X account:
https://twitter.com/rldatix
;
our Facebook account:
https://www.facebook.com/rldatix
;
our Instagram account:
RLDatix (@rldatix)  Instagram photos and videos
;
our LinkedIn accounts:
https://www.linkedin.com/company/rldatix/
;
corresponding with us by phone, email or otherwise;
information given by you for events and conferences we may host;
surveys and feedback responses;
information you may provide our chatbot while navigating our website.
Children and adolescents – customers, business partners and media reps?
our website is aimed exclusively at potential customers, business partners and press representatives.
persons under the age of 16 should provide any personal information to us without the consent of their parents or legal guardians.
we do not request data from children and adolescents who are under the age of sixteen.
Why do we collect your personal information?
This is dependent upon the nature of the relationship we have with you. For example:
if you are an employee of a company with whom we have a business relationship, we may use your personal information as part of our contractual obligations and in the normal course of doing business with your company;
if using our websites, we may use the personal information contained in cookies to track the use of our websites;
to personalise our website by integrating videos and optimising and increasing the attractiveness of our website offer;
If you contact us enquiring about our products and services. We collect the above information in order to provide services and products to you, to inform you of services and products we may provide to you and to improve the services and products we provide. Our use of your information may be based on the performance of a contract to which you are party to, which enables us to provide authorised products and /or services to you.
Who do we share your Personal Information with?
We will only disclose or share your personal information in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. As a global company, we may share your information with other business units within RLDatix. They may use your personal information as established in connection with the products and/or services that complement our own range of products and/or services. In some instances, this will include sharing your personal information with third parties such as:
Service providers engaged by us to assist us in providing services to you. These service providers may include: cloud storage providers, mail-houses, IT system suppliers, auditors, lawyers and marketing agencies;
Our third-party product and service administrators; *
Any member of our organisation which includes our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries (from time to time) as necessary to provide services to you.
*
When we use a third-party service provider, we only disclose to them any personal information that is necessary for them to provide their service and we have a contract in place that requires them to keep your information secure and not to use it other than in accordance with our specific instructions.
For information on processors who may be used by RLDatix to process your data, please email
privacy@rldatix.com
.
How do we keep your Personal Information secure?
We store personal information in secure databases and in secure cloud environments.
We take appropriate security measures to protect such personal information from misuse, interference and loss, as well as unauthorised access, modification or disclosure.
We take protection of your personal information and our system security very seriously. Any personal information that is collected, processed or stored will have appropriate safeguards applied in line with our data protection obligations.
We have also designed and implemented controls to minimise loss of, or damage to, your personal information by human error, negligence or malicious intent and engage internal and external auditors to conduct regular, independent assurance exercises across our business to ascertain the effectiveness of our security control environment and our security strategy.
Our employees also protect your personal information whenever they are processing it and undergo regular training on privacy and data protection requirements.
Our security controls are aligned to industry standards and good practice; providing a control environment that effectively manages risks to the confidentiality, integrity and availability of your personal information.
All exchanges of personal information between you and our websites go through secure channels in order to prevent interception of your personal information.
Where we collect any sensitive personal information about your food allergies and health conditions for events and conferences we may host, we will apply additional security controls to protect that data.
Where we have given (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access an account, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your information transmitted to our website and any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your personal information, we put in place reasonable and appropriate controls to ensure that it remains secure against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, or unauthorized access.
How long will we store your Personal Information?
If we collect your personal information, the length of time we retain it is determined by a number of factors including the purpose for which we use that information and our obligations under other laws. We do not retain personal information in an identifiable format for longer than is necessary.
We may need your personal information to establish, bring or defend legal claims. For this purpose, we will always retain your personal information for 7 years after the date it is no longer needed by us for any of the purposes listed under “Why do we collect your personal information”. The only exceptions to this are where:
the law requires us to hold your personal information for a longer period, or delete it sooner;
you exercise your right to have the information erased (where it applies in a jurisdiction) and we do not need to hold it in connection with any of the reasons permitted or required under the law; or
in limited cases, the law permits us to keep your personal information indefinitely provided we put certain protections in place.
Your rights
Each jurisdiction grants individuals certain lawful rights in respect of their personal information. In some jurisdictions, additional rights are available to individuals – these are outlined in
Schedule B
.
The rights that we adopt as part of our global privacy notice and therefore within all jurisdictions are the:
Right to lodge a complaint –
You have a right to lodge a complaint to us at any time if you object to the way in which we have used or managed your personal information. Where you are dissatisfied with our response, you also have the right to escalate your complaint to the relevant regulator in your jurisdiction. Further information can be located on the applicable regulator’s website (see
Schedule C
).
Right of access –
All individuals have a right to access their personal information held by an organisation. There will not usually be a charge to you for us to respond to these requests. However, where the request is deemed by us to be excessive, you may be charged a fee for our providing you a record of your personal information that is held by us. Your personal information will usually be provided to you electronically, unless otherwise requested. Where you have made the request to receive a record of your personal information held by us by electronic means, we will endeavour to provide the data in the requested format where we are able to do so.
Right of rectification –
We take reasonable steps to ensure that the personal information we collect and hold about you is accurate and complete. However, if you do not believe this is the case, you have the right to request we rectify the inaccuracy at any time.
Right to opt out from receiving any direct marketing/ withdrawal of consent –
You can ask us to stop sending you marketing messages at any time. Please see below for instructions on how you can do this.
If you would like to exercise any of the above rights or make a complaint about how RLDatix has handled your Personal information, please refer to
Schedule D
for the contact details for your jurisdiction. In some circumstances, exercising some of these rights may result in us being unable to continue providing you with a prescribed service and/or our business relationship with you. Please note that in some cases we may not be able to comply with your request for legal reasons. Where we are unable to comply with your request, we will also inform you of the reasons why.
Cookies and links to other Sites
Like many other websites, our website uses cookies including Google Analytics to obtain an overall view of visitor habits and visitor volumes to our website. ‘Cookies’ are small pieces of information sent to your computer or device and stored on its hard drive to allow our websites to recognise you when you visit.
Our website may contain links to other websites run by other organisations including Instagram, Twitter and Google. This notice does not apply to those other websites’ so we encourage you to read their privacy statements. We cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of other websites even if you access them using links that we provide. In addition, if you accessed our website from a third-party website, we cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of the owners and operators of that third party website and recommend that you check the notice of that third party website.
It is possible to switch off cookies by setting your browser preferences. For more information on how we use cookies and how to switch them off on your device, please visit our Cookies notice.
Marketing
We may collect your preferences to receive marketing information directly from us by email, and/or telephone calls in the following ways:
if you register  with us online for services, such as a demo; or
if you make a sales enquiry we may contact you with marketing information in the ways mentioned in the Notices presented to you, except where you indicate you would prefer otherwise.
if you sign up for an event or conference.
The type of marketing you could expect to receive should you agree, may include, newsletters, promotional offers, or event invitations.
We may contact you with marketing information by post or by telephone or with targeted advertising delivered online through social media and platforms operated by other companies by using your personal information or use your personal information to tailor marketing to improve its relevance.
Should you wish to manage your marketing preferences please contact
info@rldatix.com
or alternatively use the unsubscribe option provided in the marketing contact.
Integrations
Some parts of our website may use the video services of YouTube and Vimeo.  YouTube and Vimeo use cookies to collect usage and user-related information about your visit to our website. No Personal information is automatically transmitted to YouTube and Vimeo when you visit our website.
If you want to make sure that no personal data is collected and processed by YouTube and Vimeo, please do not click on the embedded videos.
On our website we use the map service Google Maps in order to provide directions to our offices. When you visit our website in which the Google Maps map is integrated, your browser loads the Google Maps map service into your browser cache in order to display it on our website.
We use external fonts from Google Fonts so that when you visit our website, your browser loads the required web fonts into your browser cache in order to display texts and fonts correctly.
For these integrations, by accessing our website you accept that your Internet browser establishes a connection to the respective server and provides them with information including your IP.
Changes to this Notice
Please note that this notice will be reviewed and may be changed from time to time. Any changes we make to this notice in the future will be posted to our websites.
Schedule A – Companies
APAC
Dynama Solutions Inc
RLDatix Australia Pty Ltd
USA
Allocate Software Inc
Datix (USA) Inc
Dynama Solutions In
Porzio Life Sciences LLC
iContracts Inc
Canada
RLDatix North America Inc
Germany
RLDatix GMBH
UK
Allocate Software Limited
Datix Limited
Dynama Solutions Inc
Quality Compliance Systems
Cloud9 Software Limited
MEA
Datix Arabia
iContracts
iContracts Inc
Cloud9 Software Limited
Sweden
RLDatix AB
North Macedonia
Allocate Software Dooel Skopje
Schedule B – Additional requirements (Jurisdiction)
For UK and European Union (EU) residents, the following additional rights apply:
Right to erasure
–
(sometimes referred to as ‘the right to be forgotten’). The broad principle underpinning this right is to enable you to request the deletion or removal of personal information whether there is no compelling reason for its continued processing.
Right to restrict processing
–
The board principle underpinning this right is to restrict the processing of personal information if one of the following applies:
the accuracy of the personal information is contested by you, for a period enabling us to verify the accuracy of the personal information;
the processing is unlawful and you oppose the erasure of the personal information and requests the restriction of their use instead;
we no longer need the personal information for the purposes of the processing, but they are required by you for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims;
you have objected to processing pursuant to Article 21(1) pending the verification whether the legitimate grounds of us override those of you.
Right of data portability
–
You are able to obtain and reuse your personal information for your own purposes across different services by being allowed to move, copy or transfer personal information easily from one IT environment to another.
Right to withdraw consent
– where processing is based on consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent to further use of your personal information. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products and/or services to you and/or maintain a business relationship with you. If this is the case, we’ll tell you at the time you ask to withdraw your consent.
Right to be informed
– You are entitled to be provided with information about certain matters relating to the processing of your personal information and for that information to be provided within certain timescales.
Right of access
– You have the right to obtain: confirmation that your personal information is being processed; access to your personal information
Right to rectification
– You are entitled to have your personal information rectified if it is inaccurate or incomplete.
Right to object
– The board principle underpinning this right is that you are entitled to object to: processing based on legitimate interests or the performance of a task in the public interest/exercise of official authority (including profiling); direct marketing (including profiling); and processing for purposes of scientific/historical research or statistics.
Rights relating to automated decision-making and profiling
– This right doesn’t apply to all circumstances but, where it does apply, it effectively provides you with safeguards against the risk that a potentially damaging decision is taken solely based on automated means, without human intervention, which produces legal effects concerning you or significantly affects you
For Australian residents, the following additional rights apply globally:
Anonymity and pseudonymity
– Individuals dealing with us have the option of being anonymous or using a pseudonym unless we:
are required or authorised by law or a court or a tribunal order to deal with identified individuals; or
it is impracticable for us to deal with you if you have not identified yourself.
If we are unable to collect your personal information –
In addition to not being able to provide certain products or services to you, the following may also occur:
we may not be able to provide you with information that you requested; and / or
we may not be able to offer you employment with us.
Dealing with unsolicited personal information –
Generally, most information received by us is immediately and automatically recorded (i.e. most documents received are scanned into an electronic image or online systems used).
Where it becomes apparent that a communication contains unsolicited personal information that could not otherwise lawfully be requested or used, we will make reasonable efforts to delete, destroy or de-identify the record. Where it is impracticable to do this (for example, the unsolicited information is combined with necessary information), the record will be retained, subject to the safeguards detailed in this privacy Notice.
Disclosing your personal information outside of Australia –
As part of providing services to you and in our capacity as a service provider, occasionally personal information may be stored or processed at locations outside of Australia.
We may disclose personal information to corporate and third-party suppliers and service providers located overseas. These include IT service providers, and other third party vendor/suppliers located overseas.
Those countries that we may disclose your personal information to that are located outside of Australia, include the United Kingdom, the United States of America and North Macedonia as at the date of this Notice.
Canada
The Canadian Privacy Statutes set the obligation that RLDatix may only ‎collect, use and disclose personal information for purposes that a reasonable person ‎would consider appropriate in the circumstances.‎ Consent is required for the ‎collection, use and disclosure of personal information.  Depending on the sensitivity of ‎the personal information, consent may be opt in or opt out.
Each of the Canadian Privacy Statutes also provides individuals with the following:‎
A right of access to personal information held by an organization, subject to limited ‎exceptions;
A right to correct inaccuracies in/update their personal information records; and‎
A right to withdraw consent to the use or communication of personal information.
United States
The United States does not have a comprehensive federal privacy law however there are a large number of state specific privacy laws. This table covers those laws that have been passed as at April 2024. Therefore, it is recommended that you seek advice from your local data protection agency or contact the relevant RLDatix Privacy Officer.
Depending on the jurisdiction in which you are located, you may have the rights as per below:
California Consumer Privacy Act
California Privacy Rights Act
Colorado, Connecticut, Indiana, Montana, New Jersey, Oregon, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia
New Hampshire
Delaware
Iowa
Utah
Right to access
X
X
X
X
X
X
X
Right to correct
X
X
X
X
X
Right to delete
X
X
X
X
X
X
X
Right to opt of
certain
processing
X
Right to opt out of  processing sensitive data
X
Right to opt out of  processing for profiling/targeted advertising purposes
X
X
X
Right to portability
X
X
X
X
X
X
X
Right to opt out of sales
X
X
X
X
X
X
X
Right to opt in for sensitive data processing
X
X
X
X
Right against automated decision-making
X
X
Right against
certain
automated decision-making
X
X
Private right of action
limited to certain violations only
limited to certain violations only
Schedule C – Regulatory Authority per Jurisdiction
This schedule provides the contact for the jurisdictions where we are obliged to provide you this information to support a complaint about how we have managed your information.
Country
Authority Name
WebSite
Contact Details
Australia
Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (OAIC)
www.oaic.gov.au
GPO Box 5218, Sydney NSW 2001
T 1300 363 992
enquiries@oaic.gov.au
Canada
Office of the Privacy Commissioner (OPC)
www.priv/gc/ca/EN/
Office of the Privacy Commissioner
of Canada
30, Victoria Street
Gatineau, Quebec
K1A 1H3
Germany
Germany has a Data Protection Authority for each of the 16 German states (
Länder
).
A list of the supervisory authorities (for the non-public sector) with address can be found at:
https://www.bfdi.bund.de/DE/Infothek/Anschriften_Links/anschriften_links-node.html
MEA
Saudi Data & AI Authority
www.sdaia.gov.sa
The Unified Call Center
– 8001221111
Email
– Suggestions@sdaia.gov.sa RD04 Al Raidah
Digital City, Al Nakheel, Saudi Arabia Riyadh, Riyadh 12382 SA.
Sweden
Swedish Authority for Privacy Protection
https://www.imy.se/en/
Integritetsskyddsmyndigheten, Box 8114, 104 20 Stockholm, Sweden
United Kingdom
Information Commissioner’s Office
www.ico.org.uk
Wycliffe House, Water Lane Wilmslow, Cheshire SK9 5AF
T +0303 123 1113 (or +44 1625 545745 if calling from
overseas) F 01625 524510
North Macedonia
Personal Data Protection Agency
Agency for Personal Data Protection of North Macedonia-
https://azlp.mk/azlp/
Personal Data Protection Agency of North Macedonia
bul. “Goce Delchev” no. 18, (the Macedonian Radio TelevisionMRTV building – floor 14), PO Box 417, 1000 SkopjePhone numbers:++ 389 (2)3230 635
++ 389 (2)3230 617
New Zealand
New Zealand Privacy Commissioner
https://www.privacy.org.nz/
https://www.privacy.org.nz/your-rights/making-a-complaint/complaint-self-assessment/
Or in writing at
New Zealand Privacy Commissioner
PO Box 10 094, Wellington 6143
United States of America
The United States has data protection authority for states where privacy law has been passed
California:
California Privacy Protection Agency (CPPA)
Colorado: Colorado Attorney General
Connecticut:
The Connecticut Data Privacy Act
Delaware:
Delaware Department of Justice – State of Delaware
Indiana:
Office of the Indiana Chief Data Officer: Indiana Privacy & Data Ethics Program
Iowa:
Homepage | Iowa Attorney General
Montana: dojmt.gov
New Jersey:
https://www.jerseyoic.org/resource-room/data-protection/
Oregon:
Department of Consumer and Business Services : Department of Consumer & Business Services : State of Oregon
,
doj.state.or.us
Tennessee:
Tennessee State Government – TN.gov
Texas:
Office of the Attorney General (texasattorneygeneral.gov)
Utah:
Utah Attorney General – Protecting Utah. Protecting You.
Virginia:
Home (state.va.us)
Schedule D – Privacy Officers/ Contacts
Jurisdiction
Privacy Officer
Location
Email/ contact
APAC
Vicki Knevett
Level 10, 71 Queens Road
Melbourne, 3000
Australia
privacy@rldatix.com
EU/ UK*
June Lewis
2nd Floor, 1 Church Road
Richmond TW9 2QE
United Kingdom
privacy@rldatix.com
or
legal@allocatesoftware.de
NAM
Pooja Patel
311 South Wacker Drive,
Suite 4900
Chicago, Illinois United States
60606
privacy@rldatix.com
MEA
June Lewis
2nd Floor, 1 Church Road
Richmond TW9 2QE
United Kingdom
privacy@rldatix.com
MKD
Biljana Volceska Aceska
Arts Center Skopje
(Second Building of the Holocaust Museum)
11-ti Mart Br. 2, 1000 Skopje
North Macedonia
Mkdprivacy@rldatix.com
Sweden – RLDatix AB
Frederick Lind
Time Care AB, Attn: GDPR, Box 30077, 104 25 Stockholm
gdpr@timecare.se
*Locations include Ireland, UK, Sweden, Germany and North Macedonia
Sectors
Solutions
RLDatix
The Latest
Get in Touch
©
2025
RLDatix |
Privacy & Terms
|
Modern Slavery
x-twitter
vimeo
linkedin
Close Menu
Solutions
By Need
Intelligent Scheduling and Rostering
Retaining and Attracting Talent
Temporary Staffing
Communication and Engaging Teams
Safe Staffing
Flexible Working
By Sector
Health and Care
UK & Ireland
APAC
Sweden
Germany
Government and Commercial
Government
Commercial
Armed Forces
Blog
Blog
Health and Care
Government and Commercial
Resources
UK Health & Care
APAC Health & Care
Sweden Health & Care
Germany Health & Care
Government & Commercial
Webinars on Demand
Government and Commercial | Webinars On Demand
News
News
Events
About
About Us
RLDatix FAQs
Meet the Team
Careers
Customers
Contact
Contact Us
Customer Support
Demo
Our Group
UK & Ireland
APAC
Sweden
Germany
Gov & Commercial
Menu
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.privacy.org.nz/:
Our website uses cookies so we can
analyse our site usage and
give you the best experience. Click "Accept" if you’re happy with this, or click "More" for information about cookies on our site, how to opt out, and how to disable cookies altogether.
More
Accept ×
We respect your Do Not Track preference.
Close ×
Nau mai, haere mai
Your privacy is precious; let us help you protect it.
Speaker applications are open for Privacy Week 2025
Privacy Amendment Bill – what you need to know
Biometrics Code consultation
Use our response calculator
Send an enquiry
Lodge a privacy issue with another agency
Notify Us of a breach
Make a privacy complaint
What's new on the website?
down arrow
Make a privacy complaint
We're keen to work with New Zealanders to get their privacy queries and complaints sorted quickly and fairly. Before you complain to us, you need to
complain directly to the business or organisation that you feel has breached your privacy.
If you haven’t been able to work out your privacy issue with them,
then you can complain to us
. We aim to ensure that you're treated fairly, whatever your background or circumstances. We work in accordance with the Human Rights Act 1993.
Lodge a privacy issue with another agency
(external link)
.
Use our Response Date Calculator for access and correction requests
.
Answer your questions about privacy breaches
.
Fill in our online enquiry form
.
Make a privacy complaint to us
(external link)
.
We review all the complaints we receive. If we can resolve them quickly, we will. If your case requires a complicated or comprehensive investigation, then owing to high volumes, the wait time for an investigator is up to six months.
Privacy Amendment Bill: what you need to know
The Privacy Amendment Bill is making its way through Parliament, and we know organisations are starting to think about how this will impact them. We’ve put together key information on the Bill, which we’ll update as it progresses.
Read more about our upcoming guidance, how you can be involved or ask for what you need, and what the timing looks like for this work
(external link)
.
Agencies: report a data breach
If you're an organisation and have a privacy breach that is likely to cause anyone serious harm, you are legally required to notify us and any affected persons as soon as you can.
As a guide, our expectation is that a breach notification should be made to our Office no later than 72 hours after agencies are aware of a notifiable privacy breach.
Work out whether you need to notify us
.
How long is 72 hours
(external link)
?
Do I need to notify my privacy breach
(external link)
?
Notify Us of a privacy breach
Commissioner to proceed with biometrics privacy code
The Privacy Commissioner will proceed with developing a privacy code of practice to create specific rules for agencies using biometrics.
We’ve made several important changes to the draft code since our last consultation and are giving people a further chance to have their say. Consultation is open now until 14 March 2025.
Learn more about the code and have your say
(external link)
.
Use our free e-learning tools
We can help you and your workmates learn about privacy, or sharpen your skills with our free e-learning tools. There are 10 free courses to choose from, and they are all run as online learning modules. Learn at your own pace and receive a certificate of completion.
Topics range
from Privacy 101 to specialist topics like health and education. You can learn more about reporting privacy breaches, approved information sharing agreements (AISA) and more.
Get learning with our e-learning modules
(external link)
.
Our news and views
Read our latest media releases and news.
Subscribe to Privacy News, our free monthly newsletter.
See case notes and court decisions.
Order free brochures for your customers or clients.
Sub-policy 1
https://www.privacy.org.nz/your-rights/making-a-complaint/complaint-self-assessment/:
Our website uses cookies so we can
analyse our site usage and
give you the best experience. Click "Accept" if you’re happy with this, or click "More" for information about cookies on our site, how to opt out, and how to disable cookies altogether.
More
Accept ×
We respect your Do Not Track preference.
Close ×
Is your complaint about getting access to or correcting your own information?
Yes
No
Yes, and other issues
Sub-policy 2
https://cppa.ca.gov/:

Sub-policy 3
https://portal.ct.gov/AG/Sections/Privacy/The-Connecticut-Data-Privacy-Act#:~:text=The%20Privacy%20and%20Data%20Security%20Department%20handles%20matters,of%20social%20security%20numbers%20and%20other%20sensitive%20information.:
Skip to Content
Skip to Chat
Warning!
It seems that JavaScript is not working in your browser. It could be because it is not supported, or
                    that JavaScript is intentionally disabled. Some of the features on CT.gov will not function properly
                    with out javascript enabled.
×
Settings Menu
Language
Select Language
​
▼
High Contrast
High Contrast Mode On or Off switch
On
Off
Font Size
regular
                                font size
large font size
Disclaimer
Close
CT.gov Home
William Tong
Privacy
Current:
The Connecticut Data Privacy Act
About the Attorney General
Sections
Consumer Assistance
File a Complaint
Formal Opinions
Constituent Issues
Contact Us
Search Office of the Attorney General
Search the current Agency with a Keyword
Filtered Topic Search
The Connecticut Data Privacy Act
On May 10, 2022, Governor Ned Lamont signed Senate Bill 6: An Act Concerning Personal Data Privacy and Online Monitoring (also known as The Connecticut Data Privacy Act or “CTDPA”), making Connecticut one of the first states to pass a comprehensive consumer privacy law. The CTDPA gives important data rights to Connecticut residents and solidifies privacy obligations for businesses. As of January 1, 2025, businesses covered under the CTDPA must honor universal opt out preference signals sent by Connecticut residents.
CTDPA Universal Opt Out Resources
CTDPA FAQs
The following are answers to Frequently Asked Questions regarding consumers’ rights and businesses’ obligations under the CTDPA. Please note that this does not constitute legal advice or an opinion from the Attorney General.
When Does the Act take Effect?
The CTDPA takes effect on July 1, 2023.
What Does the Act Do?
The CTDPA gives Connecticut residents certain rights over their personal data and establishes responsibilities and privacy protection standards for data controllers that process personal data. It protects a Connecticut resident acting in an individual or household context, such as browsing the Internet or making a purchase at a store. It does not protect an individual acting in an employment context, such as applying for a job.
What Does the Act Apply to?
The CTDPA applies to people who conduct business in Connecticut or who produce products or services targeted to Connecticut residents and that, during the prior calendar year, controlled or processed the personal data of:
at least 100,000 consumers; or
25,000 or more consumers and derived over 25% of gross revenue from the sale of personal data.
However, the CTDPA applies to all Consumer Health Data Controllers who do business in Connecticut, regardless of their size or the nature of their data processing activities (see below section regarding Consumer Health Data Controllers).
The CTDPA also applies to service providers (called “processors”) that maintain or provide services involving personal data on behalf of covered businesses.
What is a Controller?
A controller is defined as an individual or legal entity that, independently or jointly with others, collects and processes personal data and is responsible for responding to consumer requests about the collection and processing of personal data.
What is the Difference Between a Controller and a Processor?
The key distinction between a controller and a processor is their decision-making authority over personal data. Under the CTDPA, a processor may only process data at the request and under the direction of a controller. The processor is contractually bound by the controller’s instructions as to what the processor must and may do with personal data.
If a processor were to begin exercising decision-making authority with respect to the purposes and means of personal data processing, it would become a controller with respect to that processing and subject to the obligations imposed on controllers under the CTDPA.
What is a Consumer Health Data Controller?
A Consumer Health Data Controller is a controller that, alone or jointly with others, determines the purpose and means of processing Consumer Health Data.
What Consumer Health Data Controllers are covered by the CTDPA?
The CTDPA applies to all Consumer Health Data Controllers who conduct business in CT or who produce products or services targeted to Connecticut residents. Unlike other types of controllers, there are no revenue or processing thresholds that a Consumer Health Data Controller must meet for the law to apply.
If a Consumer Health Data Controller is a nonprofit is it exempt from complying with the CTDPA
No. The non-profit exemption does not apply to Consumer Health Data Controllers.
What are some examples of conduct that Consumer Health Data Controllers are prohibited from engaging in under the CTDPA?
Providing employees or contractors with access to Consumer Health Data unless they are required to keep the data confidential;
Providing any processor with Consumer Health Data without having a written contract in place that requires the processor to comply with the CTDPA, including keeping the data confidential;
Using a geofence to establish a virtual boundary around a mental health, reproductive, or sexual health facility for the purpose of processing Consumer Health Data; and
Selling, or offering to sell, Consumer Health Data without first obtaining the consumer’s consent.
What is Personal Data?
Personal data is any information that can be linked to an identifiable individual, excluding publicly available information. Some examples of personal data include: a home address, a driver’s license or state identification number, passport information, a financial account number, login credentials, and payment card information.
What is the Difference Between Personal Data and Sensitive Data?
Sensitive data is a subset of personal data that includes:
Any data revealing racial or ethnic origins, religious beliefs, mental or physical health conditions or diagnoses, sexual activity or orientation, citizenship, or immigration status;
Consumer Health Data – which means data used to identify a consumer’s physical or mental health condition or diagnosis, and includes, but is not limited to, gender-affirming health data and reproductive health data;
Genetic or biometric data used to uniquely identify an individual;
Personal data of a child under the age of 13; and
Information that identifies an individual’s specific location with a defined degree of precision and accuracy (called “precise geolocation data”).
Under the CTDPA, a controller needs a consumer’s consent to process sensitive data.
What Does it Mean to "Process" Data?
Processing refers to any action a business may take with respect to personal data, including collecting, using, storing, selling, sharing, analyzing, or modifying the data.
Who is Exempt from Complying with the Act?
The following entities are exempt from the CTDPA:
State and local governments
Nonprofit organizations (although nonprofit organizations are not exempt from the CTDPA provisions relating to Consumer Health Data)
Financial institutions subject to the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (“GLBA”)
National securities associations registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
Entities subject to the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (“HIPAA”)
Higher education institutions
The CTDPA also does not apply to certain types of personal data maintained in compliance with other laws, such as the GLBA, HIPAA, the Fair Credit Reporting Act, and the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act, as well as personal data processed for certain specified purposes. For a complete list, see Section 3(b) of the CTDPA.
What Rights can Connecticut Residents Exercise under the CTDPA?
The CTDPA provides Connecticut residents the following enumerated rights:
The right to access
personal data that a controller has collected about them.
The right to correct
inaccuracies in their personal data.
The right to delete
their personal data, including personal data that a controller collected through third parties.
The right to obtain
a copy of their personal data in a portable and readily usable format that allows them to transfer the data to another controller with ease.
The right to opt-out
of:
the sale of their personal data;
the processing of personal data for the purposes of targeted advertising; and
profiling that may have a legal or other significant impact.
How Does a Consumer Know Whether a Controller Processes the Consumer's Data?
A consumer may directly contact the controller—through the channel(s) described in the controller’s required privacy notice—and request that it confirm whether it processes the consumer’s personal data.
How Does a Consumer Exercise Rights Under the CTDPA?
A controller’s privacy notice must clearly describe how consumers may exercise their rights under the CTDPA. Among other methods, a controller must provide an easily accessible link on its website through which consumers can opt-out of targeted advertising or the sale of their personal data.
Also, as of January 1, 2025, consumers may send an opt out preference signal like the
Global Privacy Control
through a
privacy protective browser or browser extension
.
What is an opt out preference signal?
An opt out preference signal is a simple way to tell websites that you don’t want your personal information to be sold or used for targeted advertising, typically through a
privacy protective browser or browser extension
.
I am a Consumer; can I send an Opt Out Preference Signal?
Yes. As of January 1, 2025, Connecticut consumers can send an opt out preference signal, through a variety of platforms, to automatically tell all controllers that they intent to opt out of targeted advertising and the sale of their personal data. Your “signal” can be sent by using, for example, the
Global Privacy Control
through a
privacy protective browser or browser extension
.
Do all Controllers need to Honor Opt Out Preference Signals?
Yes. Starting January 1, 2025, all controllers subject to the CTDPA must honor opt out preference signals that are sent by consumers. This signal must be sent from a platform or mechanism that enables a controller to accurately determine whether the consumer is a Connecticut resident.
If a consumers opt out preference signal conflicts with their previously given privacy choice or their voluntary participation in that controller’s loyalty rewards or discount program, the controller must still comply with the opt out preference signal. The controller may notify the consumer of the conflicting signals and ask the consumer to confirm their choice with the understanding that it would affect their previously given privacy choice or participation in that controller’s loyalty rewards or discount program.
Can a Consumer Opt-Out of the sale of Personal Data to Third Parties?
Yes, a consumer can opt-out of the sale of personal data to third parties. A consumer can also designate a third party to opt-out on his or her behalf.
Does the CTDPA Protect the Personal Data of Children and Teens?
Yes. If a child’s personal data is being processed by a controller, the child’s parent or legal guardian may exercise rights on the child’s behalf. Controllers must follow all regulations concerning children’s online privacy established pursuant to the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”), including parental consent requirements. In addition, the CTDPA requires controllers to obtain opt-in consent before selling a consumer’s personal data, or processing personal data for the purposes of targeted advertising, when the consumer is under 16 years old.
The CTDPA also offers additional protections to minors under 18 years old when interacting with a controller that offers an online service, product, or feature to minors.
Can a Controller Deny a Consumer Rights Request?
Yes, for certain specified reasons under the CTDPA. For example, a controller may deny a consumer’s request if fulfilling the request would restrict the controller’s ability to:
Provide a product or service specifically requested by the consumer.
Perform certain internal operations that reasonably align with consumer expectations.
Issue a product recall or repair technical errors.
Respond to and prevent security incidents, identity theft, and fraud.
Comply with federal, state, or local law.
For more exceptions, see Section 10 of the CTDPA.
Does a Consumer have a Right to Appeal a Denial?
Yes. The CTDPA grants consumers the right to appeal a controller’s decision denying a consumer rights request. A controller has 60 days after receipt of an appeal to write back to the consumer, explaining any actions it has taken and reasons for refusing a consumer request. If the appeal is denied, the controller must give the consumer information to contact the Attorney General should the consumer wish to file a complaint.
How Often Can a Consumer Request Information About their Personal Data from a Controller? Is there a Cost?
A consumer can request information from a controller free once every 12 months. Under certain circumstances beyond the annual request, the controller may charge an administrative fee.
What Must Controllers do to Comply with the CTDPA?
Among other obligations, controllers must:
Provide notice
regarding the types of personal data the controller processes, the purpose(s) for processing, whether and why the controller shares personal data with third parties, and information about how consumers can exercise their various rights (e.g. access, deletion) over their personal data.
Limit collection
of personal data to what is adequate, relevant, and reasonably necessary for the specific purpose(s) for which the data is processed (also known as “data minimization”).
Obtain consent
before processing a consumer’s sensitive data.
Respond to requests
to exercise consumer rights granted under the CTDPA.
Honor consumers’ choice
to opt out of any processing of their personal data for the purposes of targeted advertising, or any sale of such personal data, through an opt out preference signal (see section titled Do all Controllers need to Honor Opt Out Preference Signals?).
Conduct assessments
before processing personal data in a manner that presents a heightened risk of harm to consumers (called “Data Protection Assessments”). This includes processing personal data for the purposes of targeted advertising, sale, or profiling, and processing sensitive data.
Use reasonable safeguards
to secure personal data.
Not discriminate
against consumers who exercise their rights under CTDPA or process personal data in a manner that would otherwise result in unlawful discrimination.
How Long does a Controller have to Respond to a Consumer's Request?
A controller must respond to a consumer’s requests no later than 45 days after receipt of the request. Under certain conditions, the controller may extend the response period by 45 days.
What is the Attorney General's role in enforcing the CTDPA?
The Attorney General has exclusive authority to enforce violations of the Act.
Is there a Private Right of Action for Individuals?
No, the CTDPA does not include a private cause of action.
Is there a Cure Period?
Yes. If the Attorney General determines that a controller could remedy a violation of the CTDPA, the Attorney General must give the controller notice of the violation before initiating a lawsuit. The controller then has 60 days to remedy the violation (called “the right to cure”). If, however, the Attorney General determines that it would not be possible for the controller to remedy the violation, no such notice or remedial opportunity is required. The right to cure sunsets on December 31, 2024.
What are the Penalties for Failing to Comply with the CTDPA?
Entities or individuals that violate the CTDPA may face civil penalties up to $5,000 per violation, pursuant to the Connecticut Unfair Trade Practices Act. In addition to civil penalties, the Attorney General can also seek injunctive relief, restitution, and/or disgorgement.
What are some additional protections the CTDPA affords to minors (under age 18) when interacting with a controller that offers an online service, product, or feature?
Some additional protections include requiring:
That a controller shall use reasonable care to avoid any heightened risk of harm to minors;
A controller shall not process a minor’s data for purposes of (i) targeted advertising, (ii) sale, or (iii) profiling without obtaining proper consent;
A controller shall not use any design feature to significantly increase, sustain or extend any minor’s use of an online service, product or feature without consent;
A controller shall not collect a minor’s precise geolocation data unless such collection is necessary, and the controller provides the minor a signal indicating that the controller is collecting such data that is available for the entire duration of the collection;
A controller shall provide consent mechanisms that do not subvert or undermine user autonomy, decision-making, or choice;
A controller shall not offer any direct messaging apparatus for use by minors without providing readily accessible and easy-to-use safeguards to limit the ability of adults to send unsolicited communications to minors with whom they are not connected;
A controller must conduct data protection assessments for any online product, service, or feature offered to minors.
Top
Original text
Rate this translation
Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate
Sub-policy 4
https://www.in.gov/mph/cdo/privacy/#:~:text=Indiana%E2%80%99s%20privacy%20program%20is%20unified%20under%20the%20State,privacy%20as%20a%20core%20component%20of%20these%20initiatives.:
Accessibility Screen-Reader Guide, Feedback, and Issue Reporting
About the Office of the CDO
Data Governance Council
Contact Us
Indiana Privacy & Data Ethics Program
Indiana Management Performance Hub
Policies
Close Menu
Indiana Privacy & Data Ethics Program
Office of the Indiana Chief Data Officer
Current:
Indiana Privacy & Data Ethics Program
Applying an Ethical Approach to Data in Government
Indiana State Government believes in enabling the efficient and ethical use of data to drive decision making, protecting and respecting the privacy of Hoosiers while catalyzing innovation. Indiana’s privacy program is unified under the State Chief Privacy Officer, or CPO, which partners with State agencies to enable innovation and the adoption of emerging technologies while maintaining privacy as a core component of these initiatives. This unified approach fosters a culture that values privacy through the awareness of individual Hoosiers and the State employees who serve them.
Our Privacy Mission
To enhance privacy and ethics as we improve the quality of life for Hoosiers with data, innovation, and collaboration.
Our Privacy Vision
To be a partner with government and civic organizations that empowers innovation, enables use of valuable open data, and maintains data privacy and stewardship at the highest level.
Governance
Governance
Governance
<
>
Fair Information Practices Act (FIPA)
FIPA is Indiana’s codification of “fair information practices” following the US Government’s “Federal Privacy Act of 1974.” It provides a host of protections to data subjects, which can be broadly described in four categories: individual rights, information controls, information lifecycle management, and privacy management. Each category includes specific components to further refine privacy obligations of state agencies.
Read FIPA
State Information Privacy Policy
The state’s privacy policy applies to executive branch agencies and seeks to operationalize the fair information practices codified in FIPA.
The privacy policy enables State agencies to comply with FIPA’s requirements more effectively and efficiently.
Read the Policy
Fair Information Practices in Agency Analytics Environments
The state’s analytics environment policy operationalizes controls governing the use of state data in agency analytics environments, ensuring that agencies meet FIPA principles and the Cloud Data Management Capabilities (CDMC) Framework, which has been adopted by the State CDO.
Read the Policy
State Agency AI Systems
The state’s AI policy formalizes a human-centric approach to AI-enabled IT systems. The policy ensures that the planning, design, development, deployment, operation, and monitoring of AI implementations is formalized as a trustworthy program focused on realizing positive outcomes for Hoosiers. The policy is implemented through the State Agency AI Standard.
Read the Standard
Read the Policy
Policies
Indiana's Management Performance Hub (MPH) seeks to improve the quality of life for Hoosiers with data, innovation, and collaboration. To this end, we partner with government and civic organizations to empower innovation and enable the use of valuable data, all while maintaining data privacy and stewardship at the highest level. A core component of this responsibility is the application of controls that enable the efficient and ethical use of data as we leverage it to deliver great government service to Hoosiers. MPH exercises its policymaking function through the OCDO. These OCDO documents should be used by Indiana state agencies as the policy 'floor,' meaning that agencies are free to institute more restrictive policies for their internal operations, so long as those restrictions do not otherwise conflict with applicable law or OCDO policy, standards, procedures, and guidance.
Read OCDO Policies
Resources
Resources
Resources
<
>
Privacy as-A-Service
Indiana created the State CPO role to unify privacy efforts in the executive branch of State government. As agencies encounter potential privacy risks, whether through a system implementation, use of cloud services, or otherwise, they can partner with the State CPO to advise on the issues that arise in these contexts.
Contact the State CPO
Privacy Impact Assessments (PIA)
The PIA is an analysis of how information is handled to ensure handling conforms to applicable legal, regulatory, and policy requirements regarding privacy. (NIST CSRC.) Indiana has implemented a NIST-based PIA methodology, empowering our agencies to evaluate, score, and ultimately mitigate privacy risks.
Read the PIA Methodology
Read PIA Executive Summary
Designation of and Training for Agency Privacy Officers
In 2023, the OCDO is offering industry-recognized training and certification for APOs. Training and certification will be offered by the International Association of Privacy Professionals (IAPP), enhancing Indiana’s information privacy proficiency alongside the rapid expansion of data and AI technologies.
Review the APO Job Description Standard
Enhanced Research Environment (ERE)
The Management Performance Hub’s ERE is the approved environment for agencies to make personal information available to researchers pursuant to the State Privacy Policy. The ERE is a secure collaboration environment built on Microsoft Azure that expedites research and analysis by bringing research teams, their code, and data together for the greater good. This environment enables the use of valuable data while limiting data movement, significantly enhancing the security of State data shared with researchers. Interested in State data for your research effort?
Alternatively, agencies must conduct a third-party risk assessment of the researcher’s hosting environment. Contact us for assistance with that process!
Request Data
Enterprise Data Catalog
Following 2023’s planning, design, and development efforts, MPH will deploy an enterprise data catalog enabling the compilation of a robust list of the state’s data assets, incentivizing agencies to understand their data assets and providing for common metadata language across the executive branch.
Data Classification Standard
The Indiana Privacy Program’s Data Classifications Standard ensures the collection of several key attributes of a data source. These attributes include the following: automated decision-making; granularity; privacy impact risk; security risk; records retention designation; regulatory class; releasability; and storage location.
Data Classification Standard Document
Responsible Data Sharing
Interagency information sharing has taken place for more than 40 years in Indiana State Government. In 2017, the Indiana Open Data Act and Management Performance Hub modernized the state’s data sharing process.  Agencies now collaborate through a consistent data sharing agreement, which more uniformly protects personal information across the enterprise of State government.
• Internal Data Sharing Agreement
• Internal Certificate of Destruction
External data requestors leverage our data sharing agreement too. Consistent agreements more uniformly protect personal information and streamline valuable data exchanges.
• External Data Sharing Agreement - Research
• External Data Sharing Agreement - Non-Research
• External Certificate of Destruction
To facilitate the release of sensitive information for uses outside of Indiana State Government, the OCDO has implemented the MPH Data Review Team and OCDO Privacy Board, a HIPAA Privacy Board. The Board has formalized data suppression and obfuscation guidance for use by State agencies.
Access the Guidance Document
Privacy in Procurement
Indiana contracts with numerous third parties to fulfill and enhance the services it provides to constituents. Today, many of those services involve personal information and by extension, our obligations to protect it. To ensure we meet those obligations, the Indiana Department of Administration (IDOA) and Indiana Office of Technology (IOT) have implemented cloud service provider (CSP) boilerplate terms for use by agencies in procurements that involve personal information. These CSP terms streamline the procurement process by bringing uniformity to privacy and data protection contract terms across the enterprise of State government and further ensure that CSPs maintain personal information with the same degree of care that State agencies do.
Access the Indiana CSP Terms
Standard: HIPAA-Compliant Deidentification Methodology
Government maintains vast quantities of data that can be valuable for research initiatives, but privacy regulations can often be misapplied as a barrier to making that data available to those that can make the highest and best use of it. We have enabled use of HIPAA-subject data by researchers through the development and implementation of a HIPAA-compliant “expert determination” deidentification methodology. The methodology works within the HIPAA framework to balance the interests of data usability—the degree to which data can help to answer a research question, which is often reliant on levels of granularity—with the individual privacy interests of those data subjects.
Coming Soon
Additional Resources
Businesses: Report a Data Breach
Indiana Businesses: Submit a Breach Notification Form
Click Here
Government: Report a Data Breach
Indiana Government Agencies: Submit an Incident Reporting Form
Click Here
PII Guidebook for Businesses
Indiana Executive Council on Cybersecurity
Click Here
Copyright © 2025 State of Indiana - All rights reserved.
Find Information
State Information Live Chat
Email State Information Center
Find a Person
Find an Agency
Call: 1-800-457-8283
Text: 1-888-311-1846
Quick Information
IN.gov User Survey
Advanced Search
Policies
Sitemap
IN.gov FAQs
State Employee Resources
State Information
Maps & Information
IN.gov News & Events
Email Updates
Indiana Code
Indiana Administrative Code
Awards
Accessibility Settings
Report Accessibility Issues
Speak
Original text
Rate this translation
Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate