RED TWO APPS
HOME
GAMES
CONTACT
  US
PRIVACY POLICIES
Red Two Apps Ltd GDPR
  Compliant Privacy Policy
What is the GDPR?
The GDPR, or the General Data Protection
  Regulation, is a legal regulation that oversees the gathering, care, and
  storage of the personal data of individuals within the European Union.
Welcome, and thank you for
  your interest in Red Two Apps Ltd (“we,” or “us”) and our websites at
  rtapps.co.uk (the “Sites”), as well as all related websites, networks,
  hardware, and other services provided by us, including
content (“Content”) or on any location
  which a link to this privacy policy (“Policy”) is displayed (collectively,
  together with the Sites, the “Service”) operated by Red Two Apps Ltd.
This Policy describes the
  information that we gather from you on the Service, how we use and disclose
  such information, and the steps we take to protect such information. By using
  the Service, you consent to the privacy practices described in this Policy.
This Policy describes the
  information that we gather from you on the Service, how we use and disclose
  such information, and the steps we take to protect such information. By using
  the Service, you consent to the privacy practices described in this Policy.
This Policy applies to all
  users, visitors, or others who use and access the Service (collectively,
  “you” or “Users”). This Policy is incorporated into and is subject to the RTA
  Apps Ltd Terms of Service. Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Policy
  have the meaning given to them in the Red Two Apps Ltd Terms of Service.
The information we collect on
  the Service
Information you provide to us -
  When you use the Service, you may provide and we may collect what is
  generally called “personally identifiable” information, or “personal
  information,” which is information that specifically identifies an
  individual. Examples of personal information include name, email address,
  mailing address, mobile phone number, and credit card or other billing and
  shipping information. Personal information also includes other information,
  such as date of birth, geographic area, or preferences, when any such information
  is linked to information that identifies a specific individual. You may
  provide us with personal information in various ways on the Service. For
  example, you provide us with personal information when you register for an
  account, create or modify your profile and online account, use the Service,
  post Content, participate in a survey, contest, promotion, sweepstakes, pay
  for products, request customer support, communicate with us via third-party
  social media sites, interact with other Users of the Service through
  communication or messaging features, or send us service-related requests
Information collected by
  Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies, “Cookies” Information. When you use
  the Service, we may send one or more cookies – small text files containing a
  string of alphanumeric characters – to your device. We may use both session
  cookies and persistent cookies. A session cookie disappears after you close
  your browser. A persistent cookie remains after you close your browser and
  may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the Service. Please
  review your web browser “Help” file to learn the proper way to modify your
  cookie settings. Please note that if you delete, or choose not to accept,
  cookies from the Service, you may not be able to utilize the features of the
  Service to their fullest potential.
Information we Automatically
  collect, “Automatically Collected” Information. When you use the Service, we
  may automatically record certain information from your device by using
  various types of technology, including “clear gifs”, “web beacons” and/or third
  party tools. This “automatically collected” information may include your IP
  address or other device address or ID, web browser and/or device type, the
  web pages or sites that you visit just before or just after you use the
  Service, the pages or other content you view or otherwise interact with on
  the Service, and the dates and times that you visit, access, or use the
  Service. We also may use these technologies to collect information regarding
  your interaction with email messages, such as whether you opened, clicked on,
  or forwarded a message. This information is gathered from all Users.
Third Party Web Beacons and
  Third Party Buttons. We may also implement third-party content or advertising
  on the Service that may use clear gifs or other forms of web beacons, which
  allow the third-party content provider to read and write cookies to your
  browser in connection with your viewing of the third-party content on the
  Service. Information collected through web beacons and buttons is collected
  directly by these third-parties, and RTA Apps Ltd does not participate in
  that data transmission. Information collected by a third party in this manner
  is subject to that third party’s own data collection, use, and disclosure
  policies. We do not tie the information gathered to our Users’ personal
  information.
Integrated Services. You will
  be given the option to integrate Content from third party services, such as
  Facebook, Instagram and Picasa (each, an “Integrated Service”), with our
  Service. You may provide your user name and passwords for certain services provided
  by third parties (e.g., use of your Facebook credentials through Facebook
  Connect), or otherwise have the option to authorize an Integrated Service to
  provide personal information or other information to us. By authorizing us to
  connect with an Integrated Service, you authorize us to access your Content,
  name, email address(es), profile picture URL, Content and Content URLs, and
  other information that the Integrated Service makes available to us, and to
  use and disclose it in accordance with this Policy. You should check your
  privacy settings on each Integrated Service to understand and change the
  information sent to us through each Integrated Service. Please review each
  Integrated Service’s terms of use and privacy policies carefully before using
  their services and connecting to our Service.
Information from Other
  Sources. We may obtain information, including personal information, from
  third parties and sources other than the Service, such as our partners,
  advertisers, and Integrated Services. If we combine or associate information
  from other sources with personal information that we collect through the
  Service, we will treat the combined information as personal information in
  accordance with this Policy.
​
How we use the information we
  collect. We use information we collect on the Service in a variety of ways in
  providing the Service and operating our business, including the following:
We use the information that we
  collect on the Service to operate, maintain, enhance and provide all features
  of the Service, to provide services and information that you request, to
  respond to comments and questions and otherwise to provide support to Users,
  and to process and deliver entries and rewards in connection with promotions
  that may be offered from time to time on the Service.
We use the information that we
  collect on the Service to understand and
analyze
the usage trends and preferences of our Users, to improve the Service, and to
  develop new products, services, feature, and functionality.
We may use your email address
  or other information we collect on the Service: (
i
)
  to contact you for administrative purposes such as customer service, to
  address intellectual property infringement, privacy violations or defamation
  issues related to your User Content posted on the Service; or (ii) to send
  communications, including updates on promotions and events, relating to
  products and services offered by us and by third parties we work with.
We may use “cookies”
  information and “automatically collected” information we collect on the
  Service to: (
i
) personalize our Services, such as
  remembering your information so that you will not have to re-enter it during
  your visit or the next time you visit the Service; (ii) provide customized
  advertisements, content, and information; (iii) monitor and
analyze
the effectiveness of Service and third-party
  marketing activities; (iv) monitor aggregate site usage metrics such as total
  number of visitors and pages viewed; and (v) track your entries, submissions,
  and status in any promotions or other activities on the Service.
We may use your information as
  may be described in a notice to you at the time the information is collected,
  or in any other manner to which you consent.
We may use your information to
  investigate and prevent fraudulent transactions, unauthorized access to the
  Red Two Apps Ltd Services, and other illegal activities.
Processing
By accessing or using the Services
  or otherwise providing information to us, you consent to the processing and
  transfer of information in and to the UK and other countries, which may have
  different privacy laws from your country of residence.
When we disclose information.
  Except as described in this Policy, we will not disclose your information
  that we collect on the Service to third parties without your consent. We may
  disclose information to third parties in the following circumstances:
You may choose to have us send
  your Content and other messages to your friends, family, colleagues and other
  third parties on your behalf. We may share your information, including (when
  you choose to use such sharing features in the RTA Apps Ltd Services that by
  their nature support sharing with third parties who you choose) your name,
  RTA Apps Ltd username and any Content you choose to share with such third
  parties or other Users in connection with your use of such sharing services.
  Such third parties may communicate with you (such as by posting comments or
  emailing you) in connection with your use of the sharing features of the Red
  Two Apps Ltd Services.
We may share your information
  with third-party vendors, consultants and other service providers who are
  working on our behalf and require access to your information to carry out
  that work, such as to process billing, ship products that you have purchased
  from us, provide customer support, etc. These service providers are
  authorized to user your personal information only as necessary to provide
  services to RTA Apps Ltd and/or Red Two Apps Ltd Services.
We work with third party
  service providers to provide website or application development, hosting,
  maintenance, and other services for us. These third parties may have access
  to or process your information as part of providing those services for us.
  Generally, we limit the information provided to these service providers to
  that which is reasonably necessary for them to perform their functions, and
  we require them to agree to use reasonable security measures to maintain the
  confidentiality of such information.
We may make certain
  automatically-collected, aggregated, or otherwise non-personally-identifiable
  information available to third parties for various purposes, including (
i
) compliance with various reporting obligations; (ii)
  for business or marketing purposes; or (iii) to assist such parties in
  understanding our Users’ interests, habits, and usage patterns for certain
  programs, content, services, advertisements, promotions, and/or functionality
  available through the Service.
We may disclose your
  information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such
  action is necessary to comply with state and federal laws (such as UK
  copyright law), in response to a court order, judicial or other government
  subpoena or warrant, or to otherwise cooperate with law enforcement or other
  governmental agencies.
We also reserve the right to
  disclose your information that we believe, in good faith, is appropriate or
  necessary to (
i
) take precautions against
  liability, (ii) protect ourselves or others from fraudulent, abusive, or
  unlawful uses or activity, (iii) investigate and defend ourselves against any
  third-party claims or allegations, (iv) protect the security or integrity of
  the Service and any facilities or equipment used to make the Service
  available, or (v) protect our property or other legal rights (including, but
  not limited to, enforcement of our agreements), or the rights, property, or
  safety of others.
Information about our Users,
  including personal information, may be disclosed and otherwise transferred to
  an acquirer, or successor or assignee as part of any merger, acquisition,
  debt financing, sale of assets, or similar transaction, as well as in the
  event of an insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership in which information is
  transferred to one or more third parties as one of our business assets.
We also may disclose your
  information as may be described in a notice to you at the time the
  information is collected, or in any other manner to which you consent.
Your Choices
You may, of course, decline to
  share certain personal information with us, in which case we may not be able
  to provide to you some of the features and functionality of the Service.
Account Information and
  Retention: You may update, correct, or delete your profile information and
  preferences at any time by accessing your account preferences page on the
  Service. If you wish to access or amend any other personal information we
  hold about you, or to request that we delete any information about, or if you
  wish to deactivate your account, , you may contact us at
  info@redtwoapps.co.uk Please note that while any changes you make will be
  reflected in active user databases instantly or within a reasonable period of
  time, we may retain some information you submit for satisfaction of legal
  obligations, or where we otherwise reasonably believe that we have a
  legitimate reason to do so.
Promotional and Newsletter
  Communications: If you receive a commercial email from us, you may
  unsubscribe at any time by following the instructions contained within the
  email. You may also opt-out from receiving commercial email from us, and any
  other promotional communications that we may send to you from time to time,
  by sending your request to us by email at info@redtwoapps.co.uk or by writing
  to us at the address given at the end of this policy. We may allow you to
  view and modify settings relating to the nature and frequency of promotional
  communications that you receive from us in user account functionality on the
  Service.
​
Please be aware that if you
  opt-out of receiving commercial email from us or otherwise modify the nature or
  frequency of promotional communications you receive from us, it may take up
  to ten (10) business days for us to process your request, and you may receive
  promotional communications from us that you have opted-out from during that
  period. Additionally, even after you opt-out from receiving commercial
  messages from us, you will continue to receive administrative messages from
  us regarding the Service.
Cookies: Most web browsers are
  set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to
  set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies or to prompt you before
  accepting such a cookie. Please note that, if you choose to remove or reject
  browser cookies, this could affect the availability or functionality of the
  Red Two Apps Ltd Services.
User Content
User Content posted on RTA
  Apps Ltd is the responsibility of its Users. All Users assume responsibility
  for all Content published or shared through RTA Apps Ltd and declares that
  (s)he has the right to communicate or broadcast such Content and that (s)he
  has obtained all necessary permissions to do so and that neither such Content
  nor its use in connection with Service violate, infringe or misappropriate
  any third party rights, including intellectual property rights or rights of
  privacy or publicity.
RTA Apps Ltd does not
  guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of any Content and is not liable
  for the Content as further described in the Red Two Apps Ltd Terms and
  Conditions.
Third-Party Services
The Service may contain
  features or links to websites and services provided by third parties. Any
  information you provide on third-party sites or services is provided directly
  to the operators of such services and is subject to those operators’
  policies, if any, governing privacy and security, even if accessed through
  the Service. We are not responsible for the content or privacy and security
  practices and policies of third-party sites or services to which links or
  access are provided through the Service. We encourage you to learn about
  third parties’ privacy and security policies before providing them with
  information.
Community Forums and Blogs
Our website offers publicly
  accessible blogs or community forums. You should be aware that any
  information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by
  others who access them.
To request removal of your
  personal information from our blog or testimonials, contact us at the email
  address listed above. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your
  personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to
  do so and why.
Testimonials and Reviews
The Reviews system on the
  Services is run through a third-party partner. The personally identifiable
  information you provide with your use of the Review(s) tool will be used by
  us and the third-party partner for the purpose of provision of the Services, sending
  applicable emails and recommendations, operation and improvement of the
  Service, use of targeted behavioural advertisements, analysis and transfer to
  third parties for all of these purposes.
Children’s Privacy
Protecting the privacy of
  young children is especially important. Our Service is not directed to
  children under the age of 4, and we do not knowingly collect personal
  information from children under the age of 4. If you are under 4years of age,
  then please do not use or access the Service at any time or in any manner. If
  we learn that personally identifiable information has been collected on the
  Service from persons under4 years of age and without verifiable parental
  consent, then we will take the appropriate steps to delete this information.
  If you are a parent or guardian and discover that your child under 4 years of
  age has obtained an account on the Service, then you may alert us at
  info@redtwoapps.co.uk and request that we delete that child’s personally
  identifiable information from our systems.
Data Security
While no service is completely
  secure, we use certain physical, managerial, and technical safeguards that
  are designed to improve the integrity and security of your personally
  identifiable information. For example, we encrypt your Content when it is
  transmitted. In addition, sensitive information such as credit card number
  and password that we request from you on the RTA Apps Ltd Services is
  protected with encryption, such as Secured Socket Layer (SSL) protocol,
  during transmission over the Internet. The servers on which personal
  information is stored are kept in a controlled environment with limited
  access. We keep such personal information encrypted as well. We cannot,
  however, ensure or warrant the security of any information or Content you
  transmit to us or store on the Service, and you do so at your own risk. We
  also cannot guarantee that such information or Content may not be accessed,
  disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical,
  or managerial safeguards.
You may access your account
  information and our service only through the use of an individual user ID and
  password. To protect the confidentiality of personal information, you must
  keep your password confidential and not disclose it to any other person. Please
  advise us immediately if you believe your password has been misused. In
  addition, always logout and close your browser when you finish your session.
  Please note that we will never ask you to disclose your password in an
  unsolicited phone call or email.
If we learn of a security
  systems breach, then we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you
  can take appropriate protective steps. We may post a notice through the
  Service if a security breach occurs. Depending on where you live, you may
  have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing. If you
  have any questions about the security of your personal information, please
  reach out to us at info@redtwoapps.co.uk
Privacy Settings
Although we may allow you to
  adjust your privacy settings to limit access to certain personal information,
  please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. We are
  not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security
  measures on the Service. Additionally, we cannot control the actions of other
  users with whom you may choose to share your information. Further, even after
  information posted on the Service is removed, caching and archiving services
  may have saved that information, and other users or third parties may have
  copied or stored the information available on the Service.
Changes and Updates to this
  Policy
Please revisit this page
  periodically to stay aware of any changes to this Policy, which we may update
  from time to time. If we modify the Policy, we will make it available through
  the Service, and indicate the date of the latest revision. In the event that
  the modifications materially alter your rights or obligations hereunder, we
  will make reasonable efforts to notify you of the change. For example, we may
  send a message to your email address, if we have one on file, or generate a
  pop-up or similar notification when you access the Service for the first time
  after such material changes are made. Your continued use of the Service after
  the revised Policy has become effective indicates that you have read,
  understood and agreed to the current version of the Policy.
If you disagree with any
  changes to this Privacy Policy and do not wish your information to be subject
  to the revised Privacy Policy, you will need to deactivate with us and stop
  using the Services. Your use of any of the RTA Apps Ltd Services after the posting
  of such changes shall constitute your consent to such changes.
Our Contact Information
Please contact us with any
  questions or comments about this Policy, your personal information, our use
  and disclosure practices, or your consent choices by email at :
info@redtwoapps.co.uk
The Downs Business Centre
29 The Downs
Altincham
Cheshire
WA14 2QD
Privacy Policy FAQ ...
What’s in it for me?
The new update makes the care
  of your data more transparent and flexible. You will have access to the data
  we store upon your request, and you can even ask to have your information
  deleted from our records.
What are Cookies?
Cookies are small, harmless
  files we store in your computer every time you visit our sites. They are
  designed to keep track of the links you visit on rtapps.co.uk, helping us
  give you the most suited content when browsing our website.
What happens to my account if
  I opt out of the GDPR?
If you wish your data to be
  deleted from our records, you will no longer be able to use RTA Apps Ltd apps
  in any way.
Are you related/connected to
  Cambridge Analytica or Alexander Nix?
No. We are not, at any point, related
  or connected to Cambridge Analytica and/or Alexander Nix.
Is Red Two Apps Ltd sharing or
  selling my data to anyone else?
No. We only use your data for
  RTA Apps Ltd related content.
Is my privacy safe if I say
  yes to these changes?
Absolutely. We take pride in
  making sure your personal data is safe with us. We use encrypted cloud data
  storage systems. You also have 100% control over how you want your data to be
  taken care of.
© 2022 Red Two Apps. All right Reserved
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.redtwoapps.co.uk/privicypolicies.html:
RED TWO APPS
HOME
GAMES
CONTACT
  US
PRIVACY POLICIES
GENERAL PRIVACY
POLICY
Search Memories
    Privacy Policy
©
  2022 Red Two Apps. All right Reserved