Very Cherry
Hello!
Buttered Popcorn
mango milk tea
Piña Colada
Crushed Pineapple
Lemon
Kiwi
matcha milk tea
Lemon Lime
Mango
Sour Lemon
Sour Apple
Juicy Pear
chocolate mint
Margarita
Green Apple
Watermelon
Blueberry
Liquorice
Island Punch
Sour Grape
Berry Blue
Chocolate Pudding
Chocolate Covered Banana
Chocolate Glazed
Cappuccino
Cherry Cola
Chocolate Chunk
gin & tonic
Coconut
Birthday Cake
Vanilla
Strawberry Daiquiri
Wild Blackbery
Grape
taro milk tea
Cotton Candy
Bubble Gum
Tutti Fruitti
strawberry milk tea
Strawberry Iced Donut
Strawberry Ice Cream
Strawberry Cheesecake
Pomegranate
peanut butter & jelly
Very Cherry
Red Apple
Hot Cinnamon
Sour Cherry
Raspberry
Mimosa
Tangerine
Peach
Orange
Strawberry Banana Smoothie
Orange Sherbet
Melon
Sour Orange
thai milk tea
Pink Grapefruit
Blueberry Cake Donut
Moscow Mule
Glazed Donut
Apple Filled Donut
Apple Pie
Toasted Marshmallow
Caramel Corn
S'mores
Blueberry Muffin
Lemon Meringue Pie
Top Banana
THE ORIGINAL GOURMET JELLY BEAN
®
Everyone has a favourite, come explore all the ways we can brighten everyone's day.
TEMPTING BY DESIGN
Handcrafted for seven generations with only the finest ingredients.
See why it takes 7 - 14 days to make a Jelly Belly jelly bean.
TEMPTING BY DESIGN
Handcrafted for seven generations with only the finest ingredients.
See why it takes 7 - 14 days to make a Jelly Belly jelly bean.
DISTINCTIVE SHAPE
FLAVORED POLISHED SHELL
WORLD FAMOUS LOGO
CHEWY FLAVORFUL CENTER
By using this site, you agree with our use of cookies.
OK
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.jellybellyintl.com/privacypolicy-english:
ABOUT JELLY BELLY
PRIVACY NOTICE FOR VISITORS OUTSIDE THE U.S.
Effective: October 15, 2020
The Scope of this Notice
Agreement to Terms
Effective Date and Changes to this Notice
Information Collected from You
How We Use Your Personal Information
How We Share Your Information
How We Store and Safeguard Your Information
Changes to this Privacy Notice
Contact Us
The Scope of this Notice
Welcome to the Jelly Belly International (the "
Site
") owned and operated by the Jelly Belly Candy Company, ("
Jelly Belly
," "
us
," "
our
," or "
we
"). Thank you for visiting, we hope you have a sweet journey of discovery. We are committed to respecting privacy rights and concerns and have established and implemented this Privacy Notice to inform users of our Site of what personal information we collect. If you have any questions regarding this information or our privacy practices, please see the section entitled Contact Us at the end of this Privacy Notice.
If you are visiting us from the United States, this Privacy Notice does not apply to you. Instead, please review our
US Privacy Policy
.
Agreement to Terms
All activities in which you may engage on this Site are voluntary. You are not required to provide any personal information to us unless you choose to access features on this Site which require such information.
If you do not agree with the terms of this Notice or other
Terms of Use
on this Site, then you should immediately exit this Site without providing us with any of your personally identifiable information and discontinue use of the Site.
Effective Date and Changes to this Notice
This Privacy Notice is effective as of the date above and will remain in effect until a new notice supersedes it. We may choose to update this Notice at our discretion, so you should check this page periodically as the terms may change from time to time. The most recent version of the Notice will be reflected by the "last updated" date noted at the top of the page. In the event of a material change to this Privacy Notice, we will provide a conspicuous message either through the Site or via an email address associated with your account informing you of the change. Your affirmative consent or continued use of the Site will constitute your acknowledgment of the Notice in its current version and your understanding of the terms of the Notice.
Information Collected from You
Types of Identifying Information We Collect
We may collect personal information about you when you contact us, such as your name, email address, and phone number.
Cookies
The Site uses cookies. What is a Cookie? A cookie is a small string of information that the website you visit transfers to your browser for identification purposes. Cookies can be used to follow your activity on the website and across websites, and that information helps websites to understand your preferences and improve your website experience. We use cookies to gather information about your visits to the Site and enhance your experience. Cookies may track the type of browser, operating system, and Internet service provider you are using and allow us to tabulate the total number of visitors to our Site.
Analytical cookies allow us to collect general information resulting from your activity on our Site. This may include anonymous "traffic data" or tracking information provided by the Site’s host or similar provider or collector of such information (i.e., Google Analytics) that may not personally identify you, but may be helpful for marketing purposes or for improving the services we offer. This helps us to learn more about areas of the Site that are of the most interest to visitors and diagnose problems with our server, to administer our Site, or to display the content according to your preferences. For more information about Google Analytics, please visit
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
and
www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html
. You can opt-out of Google Analytics' collection and use of data generated by your use of the Sites by going to
http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
.
How We Use Your Personal Information
We use your information for the following purposes:
Provide our goods and services
. We use your information to respond to your inquiries.
Prevent Misuse
. Where we believe necessary to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person or violations of our
Terms of Use
or this Privacy Notice.
Comply with the Law
. To comply with legal obligations, as part of our general business operations, and for other business administration purposes.
How We Share your Information
Government Bodies
Jelly Belly fully cooperates with law enforcement agencies in identifying those who use our services for illegal activities. We will release personal or general information for security purposes, when required by law, or to prevent imminent harm to any person or entity. We will disclose personal or general information upon receipt of a court order or subpoena, or to cooperate with a law enforcement investigation, which may include responding to requests and court orders from jurisdictions outside your territory. We reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies any activities that we in good faith believe to be unlawful, as determined in our sole discretion.Jelly Belly fully cooperates with law enforcement agencies in identifying those who use our services for illegal activities. We will release personal or general information for security purposes, when required by law, or to prevent imminent harm to any person or entity. We will disclose personal or general information upon receipt of a court order or subpoena, or to cooperate with a law enforcement investigation, which may include responding to requests and court orders from jurisdictions outside your territory. We reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies any activities that we in good faith believe to be unlawful, as determined in our sole discretion.
Third Parties in Asset Transfers
If we become involved in a merger, acquisition or other transaction involving the sale of some or all of our assets, user information, including personal information collected from you through your use of the Site, could be included in the transferred assets. You expressly consent to such transfer. Should such an event occur, we will use reasonable means to notify you through email and/or a prominent notice on the Site.
How We Store and Safeguard Your Information
The personal information that you provide to us is stored on servers which, to our knowledge, are located in secured facilities with restricted access and are protected by protocols and procedures designed to ensure the security of such information. We restrict access to personal information to our employees, independent contractors and agents who need to know this information in order to develop, operate and maintain the Site. All of our personnel who have access to this information are trained in the maintenance and security of such information. Access to such personal information is minimized whenever possible. Logs may be collected and stored, which can be monitored for unauthorized activities. However, no server, computer or communications network or system, or data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect user information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or through the use of the Site and you acknowledge and agree that you provide such information and engage in such transmissions at your own risk. Once we receive a transmission from you, we will endeavor to maintain its security on our systems.
In the event that personal information you provide to us is compromised as a result of a breach of security, when appropriate we will take reasonable steps to investigate the situation, notify you and take the necessary steps to comply with any applicable laws and regulations
Links to Third Parties
The Jelly Belly Site may contain links to websites owned and operated by third parties. These links take you outside our service and off our Site and are beyond our control. This includes links from partners that may use our logos as part of a co-branding agreement. Where this is the case,
we urge you to review the equivalent data protection, privacy and cookie policies available on such websites. We do not accept any responsibility or liability for the data protection of privacy practices of third parties in relation to such websites and your use of third party websites is entirely at your own risk.
In the event that personal information you provide to us is compromised as a result of a breach of security, when appropriate we will take reasonable steps to investigate the situation, notify you and take the necessary steps to comply with any applicable laws and regulations
Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments relating to our Site or the Privacy Notice, send an e-mail to
privacy@jellybelly.com
.
By using this site, you agree with our use of cookies.
OK
Sub-policy 1
https://www.jellybellyintl.com/privacypolicyeu-english:
ABOUT JELLY BELLY
PRIVACY NOTICE EU SUPPLEMENT
In accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), residents in the European Union have additional rights with respect to their personal information. Please see the below, as a supplement to our
Privacy Policy
, to learn more about your rights, and how Jelly Belly collects, uses, shares, and protects your personal information.
Your Rights
Under the GDPR, EU residents have the following rights:
Access
. You have the right to request a copy of the personal information we are processing about you, which we will provide to you in electronic form.
Rectification
. You have the right to require that any incomplete or inaccurate personal information that we process about you is amended.
Deletion
. You have the right to request that we delete personal information that we process about you, unless, for example, we are required to retain such data in order to comply with a legal obligation or to establish, exercise or defend legal claims.
Restriction
. You have the right to request that we restrict our processing of your personal information where: (i) you believe such data to be inaccurate; (ii) our processing is unlawful; or (iii) we no longer need to process such data for a particular purpose, but where we are not able to delete the data due to a legal or other obligation or because you do not want us to delete it.
Portability
. You have the right to request that we transmit the personal information we hold with respect to you to another data controller.You have the right to request that we transmit the personal information we hold with respect to you to another data controller.
Objection
. Where the legal justification for our processing of your personal information is our legitimate interest, you have the right to object to such processing on grounds relating to your situation (e.g., direct marketing).  We will abide by your request unless we have compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests and rights, or if we need to continue to process the data for the establishment, exercise or defense of a legal claim.
Withdrawing Consent
. If you have consented to our processing of your personal information, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, free of charge. Please note that if you withdraw your consent, this will not affect the lawfulness of our use and processing of your information on the basis of your consent before the point in time when you withdraw your consent.
Some rights may be limited, and we may need to retain certain personal information, as required or permitted by applicable law. To inquire about or exercise the rights listed above, at any time, contact us using the email address below. We will respond to your request consistent with applicable law.
If you feel that your request or concern was not satisfactorily resolved by us, you have the right to lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority.
Voluntary Disclosure
As noted in the Privacy Policy, we may collect personal information from you when you contact us or use our Site. You are not required to provide all personal information identified in the Privacy Policy to use our Site or to interact with us, but certain functionality will not be available if you do not provide certain personal information. For example, if you do not provide certain personal information, we may not be able to respond to your requests.
Lawful Basis of Processing
Where required, we have several different legal grounds on which we collect and process your personal information for the purposes set out in the Privacy Policy 
	            (
How We Use Your Personal Information
), including: (i) as may be necessary to perform a contract (such as when you have questions for us about Jelly Belly products); (ii) as necessary to comply with a legal obligation (such as when we use personal information for recordkeeping); (iii) consent (where you have provided consent as appropriate under applicable law, such as for certain cookies); and (iv) as necessary for our legitimate interests (such as when we act to maintain our business generally, including maintaining the safety and security of the Site).
International Transfers
We take steps to ensure that we handle your personal information subject to appropriate safeguards. As a US company, most of our operations are conducted in the United States and in order to provide the Site, personal information will be processed in the United States, where laws regarding processing of personal information may be less stringent than the laws in your country. We provide appropriate protections for cross-border transfers as required by applicable law for international data transfers.  With respect to transfers originating from the European Economic Area we implement the standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission.  Where required by such laws, you may request a copy of the suitable mechanisms we have in place by contacting us as detailed below.
Data Retention
We typically retain personal information [related to marketing activities for as long as you accept marketing communications from us, and] no longer than [x] years from your last contact with us. In any event, upon request, we will securely delete such data in accordance with applicable law.  For personal information that we collect and process for other purposes, as described in our Privacy Policy, we typically retain such personal information for no longer than the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in the Privacy Policy, and as otherwise needed to address legal rights and obligations.
Automated Decision-Making
We do not use automated decision-making without human intervention, including profiling, in a way that produces legal effects concerning you or that otherwise significantly affects you.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments related to our processing of your personal information, please send an e-mail to
privacy@jellybelly.com
.
By using this site, you agree with our use of cookies.
OK