Privacy Policy
Healthera (Healthera) Limited (‘we’ or ‘us’) takes your privacy seriously. Please read this Privacy policy, our Privacy Information notices below, help areas (when interacting with our website) and our
Cookies Policy
. Together they explain our data protection policy and describe how we’ll use any personal data we collect from you or that is provided to us.
Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data).
For the purposes of the UK General Data Protection Regulation and the Data Protection Act 2018, in most instances, Healthera is the data controller for the processing of personal information we hold about you. More information on this can be found in the relevant individual privacy information notice below.
Under the Data Protection Act 2018, Healthera is registered with the Information Commissioner’s Office (Registration number: ZA458369).
Our Data Protection Officer can be contacted at
healthera_dpo@healthera.co.uk
Privacy Information Notices
I am a registered Healthera App user
I am a dependant of a registered Healthera App user
I am a Pharmacist
I am a third party (such as GP, web site visitor etc.)
I am applying for a vacancy at Healthera
I am a Healthera employe
Changes to the policy
We may change our Privacy policy from time to time. If or when changes are made we’ll include them here, so be sure to check back occasionally.
Other third party websites
Our website may, from time to time, contain links to and from third-party websites, including those of our partner networks and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites may have their own privacy policies. We don’t accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
Security and safe storage of your personal information
The security of your personal information is very important to us and we take this matter very seriously.  We’ll use appropriate procedures and security features to process and protect your information.  We have in place a robust framework to ensure the security of your information.
We may monitor the use and content of emails, calls and secure messages sent from and received by us so that we can, for instance, identify and take legal action against unlawful or improper use of our systems. The main examples of unlawful or improper use are attempting to impersonate Healthera, the transmission of computer viruses and attempts to prevent this website or its services from working.
How
can you access, correct your information and withdraw c
onsent?
You’re able to find out how to correct the information we hold about you, or change your preferences relating to marketing communications from Healthera and withdraw your consent at any time by clicking on the appropriate section below:
I am a registered Healthera App user
I am a dependant of a registered Healthera App user
I am a Pharmacist
I am a third party (such as GP, web site visitor etc.)
I am applying for a vacancy at Healthera
I am a Healthera employee
Depending on the circumstances, you may also have the right to:
request erasure of personal information we hold about you
request restriction of processing of such information
object to the processing of such information
request a copy of such information in a portable format
If you have concerns about the way we handle your personal data, you can contact the
ICO
or raise a complaint. We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the Information Commissioner’s Office so please contact us in the first instance.
NHS login
Please note that if you access our service using your NHS login details, the identity verification services are managed by NHS England. NHS England is the controller for any personal information you provided to NHS England to get an NHS login account and verify your identity, and uses that personal information solely for that single purpose. For this personal information, our role is a “processor” only and we must act under the instructions provided by NHS England (as the “controller”) when verifying your identity. To see NHS England’s Privacy Notice and Terms and Conditions,
please click here.
This restriction does not apply to the personal information you provide to us separately.
Healthera is compliant with the NHS National Opt-Out
Whenever you use a health or care service, such as attending Accident & Emergency or using Community Care services, important information about you is collected in a patient record for that service. Collecting this information helps to ensure you get the best possible care and treatment.
The information collected about you when you use these services can also be used and provided to other organisations for purposes beyond your individual care, for instance to help with:
The following content is provided by NHS England as part of their guidance on implementation of Opt-Out.
improving the quality and standards of care provided
research into the development of new treatments
preventing illness and diseases
monitoring safety
planning services
This may only take place when there is a clear legal basis to use this information. All these uses help to provide better health and care for you, your family and future generations. Confidential patient information about your health and care is
only used
like this where allowed by law.
Most of the time, anonymised data is used for research and planning so that you cannot be identified in which case your confidential patient information isn’t needed.
You have a choice about whether you want your confidential patient information to be used in this way. If you are happy with this use of information you do not need to do anything. If you do choose to opt out your confidential patient information will still be used to support your individual care.
To find out more or to register your choice to opt out, please visit
www.nhs.uk/your-nhs-data-matters
. On this web page you will:
See what is meant by confidential patient information
Find examples of when confidential patient information is used for individual care and examples of when it is used for purposes beyond individual care
Find out more about the benefits of sharing data
Understand more about who uses the data
Find out how your data is protected
Be able to access the system to view, set or change your opt-out setting
Find the contact telephone number if you want to know any more or to set/change your opt-out by phone
See the situations where the opt-out will not apply
You can also find out more about how patient information is used at:
https://www.hra.nhs.uk/information-about-patients/
(which covers health and care research); and
https://understandingpatientdata.org.uk/what-you-need-know
(which covers how and why patient information is used, the safeguards and how decisions are made)
You can change your mind about your choice at any time.
Data being used or shared for purposes beyond individual care does not include your data being shared with insurance companies or used for marketing purposes and data would only be used in this way with your specific agreement.
Health and care organisations have until 2020 to put systems and processes in place so they can be compliant with the national data opt-out and apply your choice to any confidential patient information they use or share for purposes beyond your individual care. Healthera Ltd is currently compliant with the national data opt-out policy.
Comments and questions
You can send any queries and comments about this Privacy policy by email to
support@healthera.co.uk
or by mail to DPO, Healthera Limited, St John’s Innovation Centre, Cowley Road  Cambridge, CB4 0WS United Kingdom  Phone +44 (0) 1223 755288
Last updated: 10 August 2021