Approve
Reject
View details
Request a review
Learn more
Signature pending
Sign
Reject
View details
Review
Not spam
Remove forever
Not spam
Page
/
3
Loading…
{"id": "1TCztZUd_h9gLfsN1EVXtlSlWTndV-qn0", "title": "Privacy Policy -- IG.docx", "mimeType": "application\/vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.wordprocessingml.document"}
Page 1 of 3
Privacy Policy –
This policy describes the information we process to support the memes.com
community.
I. What information do we collect?
To provide the Memes.com community with products and features, we must process
information about you. The types of information we collect depends on how you use our
Products.
Things you and others do and provide.
 Information and content you provide. We collect the content, communications and
other information you provide when you use our Products, including when you sign up
for an account, create or share content, and message or communicate with others.
This can include information in or about the content you provide (like metadata), such
as the location of a photo or the date a file was created. It can also include what you
see through features we provide, such as our Meme Generator, so we can do things
like suggest Gifs and Memes that you might like, or give you tips on using different
formats. Our systems automatically process content and communications you and
others provide to analyze context and what&#39;s in them for the purposes described
below.
 Networks and connections. We collect information about the people, profiles,
account, and hashtags you are connected to and how you interact with them across
our Products, such as people you communicate with the most or profiles you follow.
We also collect contact information if you choose to upload, or sync your phone
contacts (such as an address book), which we use for things like helping you and
others find people you may know
 Your usage. We collect information about your usage of our products, such as the
types of content you view or engage with; the features you use; the actions you take;
the people or accounts you interact with; and the time, frequency and duration of your
activities. We may use vetted 3 rd parties who are in compliance, to assist us in the
collection of this data, (such as Facebook and Google)
Device Information
We collect information from and about the computers, phones, and other web-
connected devices you use that integrate with our Products, and we combine this
information across different devices you use. For example, we use information collected
about your use of our Products on your phone to better personalize the content
(including advertising) or features you see when you use our Products on another
device, such as your laptop or tablet, or to measure whether you took an action in
response to an ad we showed you on your phone on a different device.
Page 2 of 3
Information we obtain from these devices includes:
 Device attributes: information such as the operating system, hardware and software
versions, battery level, signal strength, available storage space, browser type, app and
file names and types, and plugins.
 Device operations: information about operations and behaviors performed on the
device, such as whether a window is foregrounded or backgrounded, or gestures &amp;
movements (which can help distinguish humans from bots).
 Identifiers: unique identifiers, device IDs, and other identifiers, such as from games,
apps or accounts you use, and Family Device IDs (or other identifiers unique
to Memes.com company products with the same device or account).
 Device signals: Bluetooth signals, and information about nearby Wi-Fi access points,
beacons, and cell towers.
 Data from device settings: information you allow us to receive through device
settings you turn on, such as access to your GPS location, camera or photos.
 Network and connections: information such as the name of your mobile operator or
ISP, language, time zone, mobile phone number, IP address, and connection speed.
 Cookie data: data from cookies stored on your device, including cookie IDs and
settings.
Information from 3 rd Parties
 Partners receive your data when you visit or use their services or through third
parties they work with. We require each of these partners to have lawful rights to
collect, use and share your data before providing any data to us.
 We may use vetted 3 rd parties that follow local and international data compliance
laws, such as Facebook and Google to assist us in the collection of data to make
your experience with our products more relevant and entertaining.
II. How do we use this information?
We use the information we have (subject to choices you make) as described below
Improve and personalize our Products.
We use the information we have to deliver our Products, including to personalize
features and content, and make suggestions for you (such as profiles, hashtags or
features) you may be interested in or you may want to follow. To create personalized
Products that are unique and relevant to you, we use your connections, preferences,
interests and activities based on the data we collect and learn from you and others; how
you use and interact with our Products; and the people, places, or things you&#39;re
connected to and interested in on and off our Products. We use the information we have
about you-including information about your interests, actions and connections-to select
and personalize ads, offers and other sponsored content that we show you
Provide a safe and thriving Memer Community.
We use the information we have to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful
conduct, detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences, maintain the integrity of
our Products, and promote safety and security on and off of Memes.com Products. Our
Page 3 of 3
number one goal is to create the perfect destination for the Memer community to thrive,
grow, and prosper in a democratized environment.
III. How can I manage or delete information about me?
We provide you with the ability to manage the data you provide us. We store data until
your account is deleted, which includes things you have posted, followers, content you
have saved, comments, and once deleted you won’t be able to recover that information
later.
For additional questions regarding how privacy works within our community, you can
contact us via email at support@memes.com.
Privacy Policy -- IG.docx
Privacy Policy -- IG.docx
Open
Open
Open with
Save changes
Sign in
Details
Comments
General Info
Type
Dimensions
Size
Duration
Location
Modified
Created
Opened by me
Sharing
Description
Couldn't preview file
There was a problem loading the details.
Loading…
Sign in
Copy
Add a comment
Displaying Privacy Policy -- IG.docx. Page 1 of 3