Privacy policy – Terms & Conditions
February 2025
Privacy Policy for:
Entity: WalkMe Mobile Solutions, Lda
The website available at https://mobilesolutions.pt/, including any of its subdomains or sections (the “Website”) and any of the mobile applications linked to the Website (“Applications”) are operated by WALKME MOBILE SOLUTIONS, LDA. (“WALKME”).
This Privacy Policy deals with the processing of Website and Applications users’ personal data by WALKME as part of the services provided through the Website and the Applications (“Services”).
By accessing and using the Website or the download or use of the Applications, it is understood that the user has read and agreed to the terms of this Privacy Policy. The date at the beginning of this Privacy Policy refers to the latest update of this Privacy Policy, which will be applicable from the date of publication. Thus WALKME recommends that this Privacy Policy is reviewed on a regular basis by the user.
Some of the Services provided through the Website or of the Applications may be subject to specific privacy policies that will complement or, if in conflict with this Privacy Policy, supersede the terms of this Privacy Policy. The user will accept any specific privacy policies that may apply before the provision of such service commences.
Additionally, access and use of the Website, and download and use of the Applications and Services are subject to the Terms of Use.
1. PERSONAL DATA FILES, PURPOSES OF THE PROCESSING AND TYPES OF PERSONAL DATA
Purposes of the processing of personal data
WALKME processes personal data collected through the Services for the purpose of managing the Website and the Applications and also for providing or improving the provision of Services, including emailing about the Service, the content accessed by the User or with information about the Service, the Website or Applications.
Categories of personal data processed
Personal data that can be collected at the time of registration of the user or afterwards, are the following:
Nickname (mandatory).
Password (mandatory).
Email address (mandatory).
Privacy settings.
WALKME does not collect the age or the date of birth of its users. Accordingly, there is no specific processing of minor’s personal data. WALKME is only addressed to users above 16 years old. If the user is under age he should not register on WALKME.
Processing through the Contact form
Any information received from WALKME in the Contact form available in the Website will only be used with the purpose of solving queries, suggestions or claims sent from the users in the Website.
Legal basis for processing personal data
The legal basis for processing the user’s personal data is the contractual relationship for the rendering of Services or when appropriate, the fulfilment of the user’s request, as well as the legitimate interest of WALKME in offering the Services in the different channels where the trails may be published and in informing about news on the Service offered to users registered that have not rejected the receipt of this information.
Period for the processing of personal data
Personal data will be stored during the period required for the compliance with the purpose for which the data was collected and, afterwards, during the periods required by applicable regulations.
1.1 Some of WALKME’s games and applications request to register a user account so that information, points and progress can be saved and synchronized between various devices.
1.2 All requested data is only used for this purpose and WALKME does not share, sell or allow access to user data to third parties.
1.3 In some cases, the user can log in with social networks such as Facebook, Twitter and others. In these cases, information is required directly from the platforms through duly protected mechanisms.
1.4 At any time, users may request the removal of user account data from WALKME servers. To delete your user account and all related information, please send an email to info@walkme.pt with the request, or by using the “support” button available on the game settings screen.
2. USE OF COOKIES
The Website uses cookies to facilitate and customize user navigation through the Website.
A cookie is a small piece of text that web sites you visit send to the browser to allow the web site to remember information about your visit. WALKME uses cookies to remember preferences such as your language, increasing the relevance of the ads you see, count the number of visitors on pages or allow you to log in to download content and access your personal space. WALKME uses cookies to remember preferences such as your language, increasing the relevance of the ads you see, count the number of visitors on pages or allow you to log in to download content and access your personal space.
WALKME cookies help provide additional functionality to the Website and help WALKME analyse the Website usage more accurately. For instance, the Website may set a cookie on the user’s browser that prevents the user from having to remember and then enter a password more than once during a visit to the Website. On most web browsers, users will find a “help” section on the toolbar. WALKME refers to this section for information on how to receive notification when receiving a new cookie and how to turn cookies off. WALKME informs users that allowing the use of cookies by their browser will permit users to take advantage of some of the Website’s features.
What kind of cookies uses WALKME?
We use our own cookies with the sole purpose of providing you an enjoyable navigation such as remembering the language in which you prefer to browse the site or session information to allow you access your personal space on WALKME.
WALKME does not use its own cookies with advertising purposes, nor to associate browsing data with individuals that have not been previously identified.
We also use third party cookies, Google Analytics and Google AdSense
Third parties advertising on the Website could use cookies or ‘web beacons’ for which WALKME would not be responsible and which would not be governed by this Privacy Policy, so it is the responsibility of the user to set the options in his/her browser in order that cookies are only used according to his/her own preferences.
Google Analytics cookies are statistical means to measure web traffic to help us learn what pages are most visited and allow us to identify which parts of the site we need to improve. Google has detailed and updated information on these cookies.
We also use Google AdSense to display ads on some pages at WALKME. Google AdSense cookies have the primary objective of showing ads relevant and of interest to the user. For further information on AdSense cookies visit: https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads?hl=en
This Website also has access to the IP address with which each user accesses the Website (including any access from the Applications). The IP address with which each user accesses the Website may be different each time. Additionally, different users can share a single IP address.
Even though WALKME does not and will not attempt to associate the IP address with specific individuals, accessing IP addresses could be regarded as a processing of personal data given the possibility to identify the individual to which an IP address is associated (more a theoretical than an actual possibility). Consequently, according to the applicable data protection law, this Privacy Policy will apply.
How to disable cookies in your browser
Browsers allow you to configure the acceptance or rejection of cookies. These settings depend on each browser but you can usually find them in the “Options” or ” Preferences” on the browser’s main menu.
3. COMMUNICATION OF PERSONAL DATA
The way the Services work implies that part of the information provided by the users will be available to other Website users through the Website or the Applications. Such other users with access to that information could be located anywhere in the world. Users should refrain from providing information during the registration process which they do not want to make available to other users. Providing such additional information is not a requirement for using the Services. Users may, at any time, modify or delete this information (except for the email address). However, WALKME will not publish users’ email.
Some of the above entities may be located outside the European Economic Area, in countries that do not have equivalent data protection legislation, although proper guarantees will be required to assure that your personal data is protected at any time according to applicable regulations.
4. CONTENT AND COMMUNICATION BY USERS
Users are responsible for the content they create, whenever there is the possibility of communication by users, whether through comments or other mechanisms within the mobile games, apps or WALKME websites.
5. ADVERTISING
5.1 In many of the WALKME games there are advertisements in the form of reward videos, full screen, banners and more. By agreeing to the Terms and Conditions, the user allows personalized ads to be shown based on their interests.
5.2 The advertisements shown are the responsibility of the external entities hired for the purpose.
6. EXERCISE OF RIGHTS
WALKME guarantees the exercise of the rights of access, rectification, suppression, limitation and portability to the processor, as established by applicable regulations.
At any time, any data subject who intends to exercise any such rights in connection with personal data will be able to do so by accessing the Website or Application.
Also, any subject interested on exercising any such rights in connection with personal data should contact WALKME at the address of the data controller included in this Privacy Policy or the following email address: info@walkme.pt., including in the subject a clear reference to the right he/she intends to exercise and addressing the email to the attention of WALKME.
WALKME shall answer the request in all cases, regardless of whether or not there is personal data of the particular data subject within its personal data filing systems. If the request does not comply with the requirements above, WALKME shall request the data subject to provide the necessary additional information.
7. GENERAL AND CONTACT INFORMATION
The processing of personal data by WALKME is governed by Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data.
WALKME, the data controller, is registered in the Commercial Registry of Portugal, with tax number 510812112 and its offices are located at STARTUP MADEIRA, SALA 22, Funchal – Portugal,. WALKME may be contacted in the following email address: info@walkme.pt.
WALKME MOBILE SOLUTIONS, LDA.