Skip to main content
About
Privacy Notice
Personal information & the law
Find out more about us, how we collect personal information, and how the law protects you.
1. Who are we?
2. Our collection and retention of personal data
3. The purposes and lawful basis for our collection of personal data
4. Sensitive personal data
5. Joint applications
6. Law enforcement, fraud prevention and other agencies
7. Use of cookies for online applications
8. Cookies policy
Managing your personal information
You can ask us to change or remove the information we hold for you, get a copy, or withdraw your permission for us to keep it.
9. Keeping your information up to date
10. Your rights
How we use your personal information
Read through who we share your information with for marketing purposes, to provide credit, and combat fraud.
11. Further processing
12. Sharing your information
13. Processing personal data outside of the EU (EEA) and the UK
14. How we use credit reference agencies
15. Automated decisions
16. Preventing crime
17. Recording our calls and video services
18. CCTV
19. Social networking sites
20. Java/ActiveX
Personal information & the law
1. Who are we?
Metro Bank PLC, (“
Metro Bank
”, “we” or “us”), registered in England and Wales
Company number: 6419578.
We are a controller for the processing activities specified in this privacy notice that relate to your personal data.
This privacy notice also explains how other parties, including companies belonging to the Metro Bank group, may use your personal data. Some of our products, applications or services have separate privacy notices which do not incorporate this privacy notice.
If you have any questions about this privacy notice, would like more information about how we use your personal data, or to exercise any of your data subject rights (see “Your rights”) please contact our Data Protection Officer:
Write to
Data Protection Officer
Metro Bank PLC
One Southampton Row
London, WC1B 5HA
Email
DataProtectionOfficer@metrobank.plc.uk
If you are unhappy with our management of your information, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office. Please visit
http://www.ico.org.uk/
for more information.
2. Our collection and retention of personal data
Personal data includes any information that directly or indirectly (whether alone or in conjunction with other information) identifies you (or someone else). This includes information such as your name, address, and contact details. It also includes, for example, any photograph we have of you (e.g. when you provide us with a selfie and a copy of a photo ID as part of the account-opening process), online identifiers such as IP address or device ID, and location data.
The personal data we hold about you is limited to information that you have given us directly – for example, when you contact us, apply for any of our products or services (e.g. a selfie and your contact information, or details of your query or complaint), or when you complete customer surveys.
This also includes information we:
may ask you to provide to support your application for our services or products (e.g. a copy of your ID, your current and previous employer, income details, banking details and financial status)
capture through the use of CCTV when you visit one of our stores
record and monitor through our telephone calls and direct messages to help improve the products and services we offer
receive from trusted third parties – such as credit reference agencies and fraud prevention agencies – during eligibility checks. Further information about these agencies is set out in the ‘How we use credit reference agencies’ and ‘Preventing crime’ sections below
receive from any brokers who introduce you to our services or products, or from a third party acting with your authority on your behalf, including
information that the third party enters as part of the application process, or on any of our online forms
information the third party provides when communicating with us, whether in writing, via email, SMS or by telephone; or
(in relation to comparison websites), information you have entered on the comparison site as part of their application process.
collect during the provision of our contracted services to you (e.g. your account details, and details of your transactions and interactions with us)
collect, or third parties acting on our behalf (such as Google Analytics) automatically collect, when you use our websites or interact with our emails (in each case with your consent, where necessary). Examples of data collected include your IP address, browser type referral source, information about which parts of our page you have visited and how long you spent on them, the preferences you have set, and whether you have opened our emails
occasionally obtain from publicly-available sources, such as social media sites (e.g. we may collect your name and comments where you mention us in a post) and Government registers (e.g. Companies House).
Where we ask you to provide personal data to us on a mandatory basis, we will tell you at the time of collection. In the event that particular personal data is required by the contract or law, this will be made clear. We will also explain the consequences of failure to provide any mandatory personal data – for example, if you can’t show us proof of identity this will mean that we cannot open an account for you.
We may also collect your personal data where you engage with us online (for example, on Twitter or LinkedIn) or where you mention us in a public forum. Remember that any information you publish online may be seen by others; please see the section on “Social Networking Sites” for further information.
If you open an account with us and you are under 18, we may also collect personal data that directly or indirectly identifies your parent or legal guardian who helped you open an account. We may use and keep their personal data only for the purposes of checking your identity. You must not give us personal data about someone else (such as a joint applicant or a parent or guardian) without first getting their permission for it to be used and released. We will assume that that person has given permission, although we may still ask for confirmation.
At the end of your relationship with us (for example, if you decide to close your account), we retain your personal data for as long as required to meet our legal and regulatory obligations. Where retention is based on other reasons, we will retain it for no more than seven years, in line with our data retention policy.
3. The purposes and lawful basis for our collection of personal data
Your personal data is collected and processed for business and business-compatible purposes, in accordance with applicable laws and as set out below. Personal data may occasionally be used for purposes not obvious to you where the circumstances warrant such use (e.g. in fraud investigations or similar).
We generally process your personal data under one of the following legal bases:
Our legitimate business interests (described in the section below), except where these are overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms which require protection of personal data (“legitimate interests”)
Compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject (“legal obligation”)
For the performance of a contract to which you are a party or in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into such a contract (“contractual performance”).
We may also rely on other bases (for example, where the processing is necessary in the performance of a task carried out in the public interest, or in order to protect your vital interests or those of another person, or where you have given your consent) on an exceptional basis, where none of the above applies.
We have identified the following purposes for processing personal data, each of which relates to a lawful basis for processing, as required under applicable law. These purposes include:
Purpose for processing
Lawful basis
To provide products and services which you have requested, and to conduct business with you (for example, to process your application, to manage your account, to tell you about important changes to our services, to process and to respond to your enquiries, complaints and issues) and to keep updated and bring together and improve records.
Contractual performance
To provide an initial quotation where you have applied for credit.
Contractual performance
Legitimate interests:
We consider that we have a legitimate interest in ensuring that customers have a clear understanding of the product they have applied for, without there being a detrimental effect on their credit rating.
For security, credit, identification and verification purposes.
Legal obligation (e.g. compliance with our Anti-Money Laundering and Know Your Customer obligations).
To detect, investigate, prevent and prosecute criminal activity and to meet out regulatory, legal and compliance obligations (including performing regulatory and prudential compliance checks on an ongoing basis, account and transaction monitoring, checks for sanctions and politically-exposed persons, and transaction and tax reporting. Also including making disclosures to, co-operating with, and complying with requests from: public authorities, regulators, courts of law, tax authorities, governmental bodies or law enforcement agencies, and investigating and preventing fraud, terrorism and other crime).
Legal obligation
Public interest
Legitimate interests:
To the extent our processing of your personal data for these purposes extends beyond that strictly required by applicable UK law to which we are subject, or where such legal/regulatory obligations do not specify the method by which a mandatory outcome (e.g. preventing terrorist financing) shall be achieved, or where we are subject to a legal obligation in another jurisdiction, we consider that we have a legitimate interest in ensuring effective compliance in all relevant jurisdictions, in protecting our customers, and in maintaining a good relationship with law enforcement, regulators and other relevant authorities. We also consider that we have a legitimate interest in protecting our legal rights.
To assess lending and insurance risks.
Legitimate interests:
We consider that we have a legitimate Interest in ensuring that the risk to which we are exposed remains within our risk tolerance.
To collect money that you owe us, and to exercise our rights set out in agreements or contracts.
Contractual performance
Legitimate interests:
We consider that we have a legitimate interest in collecting money owed to us, to ensure our ongoing financial stability.
To improve customer service, and to decide if a product or service is suitable for your needs.
Legitimate interests:
We consider that we have a legitimate interest in providing quality customer service, as this allows us to maintain good client relationships and to deal with queries and complaints effectively.
We consider that we have a legitimate interest in ensuring that we provide our customers with appropriate products and services, to ensure both appropriate risk management and good client relationship management.
To provide you with the appropriate level of service, to accommodate your specific individuals needs and treat you fairly based on any vulnerability you may have, whether you have told us or we believe necessary to record, to improve customer service ensure equality of treatment, protect vulnerable customers or safeguard your economic wellbeing.
Consent
Public interest
Vital interest
Legitimate interests:
We consider that we have a legitimate interest in providing quality customer service, as this allows us to maintain good client relationships and to deal with queries and complaints effectively.
To carry out operational and administrative functions (e.g. to maintain our own accounts and records, to operate information technology systems, to carry out billing-related and payments administration, to maintain stocks and shares registers).
Legal obligation (to maintain certain statutory records)
Legitimate interests:
To the extent that we do not have a strict legal obligation under UK or EU law to carry out such activities, we consider that we have a legitimate interest in running our business efficiently.
To share relevant information in respect of a prospective sale of the company, or any of its subsidiaries, or any part of its or their business.
Legal obligation
Legitimate interests:
We consider that we have a legitimate interest in complying with due diligence requirements and being efficient in how we run the business.
To manage, support and provide training to our staff.
Legitimate interests:
We consider that we have a legitimate interest in managing, supporting and providing training to our staff.
Legal obligation (to maintain certain statutory records).
Marketing: To tell you about other Metro Bank products, services and facilities that may interest you (by post, email, phone or text, in accordance with your preferences).
Legitimate interests:
We may also process your personal information for marketing purposes. You have a right to receive services from us without consenting to marketing communications, and you can always opt out of receiving any such communications from us. Our lawful basis for processing your data is that we have a legitimate interest in making our customers aware of our other services and offerings.
Consent to data being processed in relation to direct marketing by electronic means such as by email or SMS.
We may share some personal data (for example, your email address), in a secure and hashed format, with our advertising partners and social media companies, so that they can display the most relevant messages to you and others about our products and services. This includes instructing these companies not to show adverts to our existing customers. If you do not want us to share your personal data with our advertising partners or social media companies for this purpose, you can tell us not to.
Legitimate interests:
We consider that we have a legitimate interest to give you information about our products and services that you or others may be interested in.
To evaluate the effectiveness of marketing and for research, training and statistical analysis with the aim of improving services.
Legitimate interests:
We consider that we have a legitimate interest in improving our products, services and operations.
To help us to improve our products, services and operations
(Including market research, analysis of customer preferences, transactions and market trends, evaluating proposed products, testing new systems and upgrading existing systems).
Legitimate interests:
We consider that we have a legitimate interest in improving our products, services and operations.
To manage our business and to protect and enforce our rights
(Including assessing, monitoring and managing financial, reputational and other risk, conducting audits, liaising with regulators and law enforcement, and to establish, enforce and defend against legal claims).
Legal obligation
Legitimate interests:
We consider that we have a legitimate interest in prudently managing our business and in protecting and enforcing our rights.
To be able to work with other companies that provide services to us and our customers.
Contractual performance
To manage your entry in any competitions with us, check you’re eligible, and, if you win, get in touch to let you know and organise your prize.
Legitimate interests:
We consider that we have a legitimate interest in managing any competitions you enter with us.
Where you have consented we may also sell or exchange your data, or share your information with other carefully chosen organisations, so that you can hear from them about their products or services.
We may also process your personal data for other purposes permitted or mandated by applicable laws, including those legitimate interests pursued by Metro Bank, where these are not overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of individuals.
4. Sensitive personal data
We may collect a limited amount of ‘special category’ personal data: i.e. information revealing racial or ethnic origin, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, genetic data, biometric data (where that information is used to identify an individual), information concerning physical or mental health, an individual's sex life or sexual orientation, in order to make appropriate accommodations or adjustments, or to provide biometric identification services. When we do so, we will explain to you why we need it, and obtain your consent to use it for the relevant purpose.
To the extent permitted by applicable laws, we may collect and process a limited amount of information regarding criminal convictions and offences and related proceedings (including information relating to allegations and suspicions of criminal offences).
5. Joint applications
If you have applied for a joint account, this will mean that both parties will have access to the account at all times. This also means that account holders who submit a request for their information will also be entitled to a copy of the joint account holder’s details (excluding identification material).
Where you have provided information regarding the other applicant, you must ensure you do so with their full consent.
6. Law enforcement, fraud prevention and other agencies
If you give us false or inaccurate information and we identify or suspect fraud or other criminal activity, we may pass details to fraud-prevention agencies or credit-reference agencies (or both). Law-enforcement agencies may also access and use this information. We and these other organisations may access and use your personal information to prevent fraud and money laundering – for example, when:
checking details on applications for credit and credit-related accounts or other facilities
managing credit and credit-related accounts or facilities.
If you ask, we will provide you with details of the relevant fraud-prevention agencies.
We and these other organisations may access and use the information recorded by fraud-prevention agencies or credit-reference agencies (or both) from other countries.
7. Use of cookies for online applications
When you visit our different online channels, we or a third-party service provider may collect technical and navigational information. This is done through the use of cookies.
A ‘cookie’ is a small text file that's stored on your computer, smartphone, tablet, or other device when you visit a website or use an app.
Some cookies are deleted when you close down your browser. These are known as
session cookies
. Others remain on your device until they expire or you delete them from your cache. These are known as
persistent cookies
and enable us to remember things about you as a returning visitor.
Our online services use session and persistent cookies.
Some cookies are set by websites you go to – they are known as
first-party cookies
. Others are set by outside organisations such as social media, search engines, other advertising networks and our business partners – these are known as
third-party cookies
. Whether a cookie is first- or third-party depends on where it comes from.
Our online services use first- and third-party cookies.
For further information about cookies please visit
http://www.allaboutcookies.org/
.
8. Cookies policy
The following sections set out Metro Bank’s cookies policy, explaining how we use cookies and similar tracking technologies. It also explains the choices you can make about whether we can put some types of cookies on your PC, tablet or mobile phone.
In this policy, where we say 'cookies' we also include similar tracking technologies that collect data while you use our websites, Online Banking and mobile applications to help provide you with the best possible online experience.
The information cookies collect, and how we use that information may count as personal information e.g. internet protocol address (‘IP address’), operating system, browser type, pages visited and average time spent.
Data we collect will be held by Metro Bank. We use this data to:
protect our visitors and customers from fraud and keep improving security
analyse how our visitors use our online services to help us improve their performance
decide which of our products, services and offers may be relevant for you.
We do not sell data to organisations outside our group.
If you have questions on our use of cookies, please email
DataProtectionOfficer@metrobank.plc.uk
.
8.1 Types of cookies we use
The cookies we use are either strictly necessary or optional.
Strictly necessary cookies
Generally, these cookies will be essential cookies and are required for the operation of our websites. They include cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our websites and help ensure the content of the pages you request load quickly. Without these cookies, you will not be able to access our online services (e.g. our websites or a service on any of our websites) which you have requested, this is why we will not collect your preferences in regards to these cookies.
Essential cookies are used to:
Maintain online security and protect against online fraud
Maintain your privacy and to help keep your details safe and secure.
Optional cookies:
We would like to use cookies to provide optional features and improve our websites.
We understand that not everyone likes data to be collected about them when it's not strictly necessary, and so we'll ask you to set your preferences when you first visit our websites.
To make it easier to choose which optional cookies to accept, we've organised these cookies by category. These are set out below. You can choose which categories you'd be happy for us to use in your cookie settings and make changes at any time by referring to the ‘Managing cookies’ section below and selecting ‘Customise my preferences’.
Performance cookies – tracking website performance
These cookies collect aggregated information and are not used to identify you. All the information collected is anonymous and is only used to help us understand and analyse how visitors use our online services and look for ways to improve their performance.
For example, a cookie might allow us to both count visitors and see how visitors navigate our online services, which allows us to improve the customer journey.
The analytics cookies we use include the following:
Google analytics
– which uses cookies to help us analyse how our visitors use the site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the website. The cookies collect information in a way that does not directly identify anyone, including the number of visitors to the website, where visitors have come to the website from or the pages they visited. Find out more about how these cookies are used on the Google privacy site:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?gl=GB&hl=en-GB
Hotjar
– which uses cookies to collect user behavioural patterns online for statistical purposes:
https://www.hotjar.com/legal/policies/privacy/
Optimizely
– which uses cookies to tag a unique ID to the user and provide personalised content on the Metro Bank websites:
https://www.optimizely.com/legal/privacy-notice/
Heap
– which uses cookies to track user behavioural patterns on our website for statistical purposes:
https://heap.io/privacy
Functional cookies – giving you a better online experience
These cookies remember your preferences so that you do not have to enter them each time you visit our websites and other online channels. These cookies allow us to personalise content for you; without them we cannot remember your choices.
Targeting cookies
These cookies are usually third-party cookies from marketing partners used to deliver adverts relevant to you and your interests. They will always be persistent but time-limited cookies.
Targeting cookies are used to send you relevant information and see which content you use. They do this by recording your visits to our websites, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We then use the information collected to tailor both our websites and the relevance of the advertising displayed to your interests. In order to make the advertising displayed more relevant, we provide the information collected to advertising networks. Please note these cookies do not contain any of your personal or financial information.
We partner with third-party companies including
Google Ads
,
Bing
,
LinkedIn
and
Facebook
for marketing campaigns. Cookies from these websites help with campaign measurement and improve advertising relevancy.
Overview of the cookies we use across all online service channels
Category
What they do
My choices
Strictly necessary
These cookies are needed to run our websites, to keep them secure if you are logged on and to obey regulations that apply to us.
If you are a customer, they help us know who you are so that you can log on and manage your accounts. They also help us keep your details safe and private.
Other important jobs they do are:
·         Help you move around the site
·         Tell us if you’ve been to it before and which pages you went to
·         Tell us how the site is working, so we can find and fix any problems.
You can’t turn off these cookies
Functional
These cookies are used for remembering things like:
·         Your user ID on the logon page
·         Your region or country
·         Your preferred language
·         Accessibility options like large font or high-contrast pages.
We’ll ask for your
consent
to use these cookies
Performance
These cookies tell us how you and our other customers use our websites. We combine all this data together and study it. This helps us to:
·         Improve the performance of our services
·         Improve the products we provide.
We’ll ask for your
consent
to use these cookies
Marketing
These cookies help us decide which of our products, services and offers may be relevant for you.
We may use this data to tailor the marketing and ads you see on our own and other websites and mobile apps, including social media. For instance, you may see our ads on other sites after you have been to our websites.
If you turn off marketing cookies you will still see ads online, but they will not be tailored to things that may interest you.
We’ll ask for your
consent
to use these cookies
8.2 Managing cookies
You can manage your cookie preferences at any time by changing your cookie settings.
Customise my preferences
You can also use your browser settings to delete cookies that have already been set at any time and to manage cookies, for example, to switch off a cookie altogether. If you do this, it could mean that we can't use ‘strictly necessary’ cookies properly and so parts of our websites may not work correctly.
For more information about how to use your browser settings to clear your browser data or to manage cookies, check your browser 'Help' function.
Find out more on how to manage cookies in common browsers (Internet Explorer, Chrome, Firefox and Safari) on
the Information Commissioners’ Office (ICO) website
.
8.3 How do we remember your cookie preferences?
Your preferences are saved in cookies stored on your browser. If you switch off a category of cookies that you've previously accepted, then for technical reasons those cookies will not be deleted.
To delete cookies from your browser, we recommend that you clear your browser data. If you do this, or change browser, we'll ask for your preferences again when you next visit our websites.
Managing your personal information
9. Keeping your information up to date
If any of the information we hold on you is incorrect, please notify us and we will ensure that it is updated accordingly. Where your details have changed, you have a responsibility to inform us at the earliest time possible. Failure to notify us of a change in your details may affect the way in which we provide you with products and services.
10. Your rights
You have specific rights over your personal data, as explained below. These may not apply in all circumstances – we will let you know where this is the case.
Data subject access request
: You may request information concerning what personal data we process on you and request a copy of that personal data
Rectification of inaccurate personal data
: You may request rectification of any inaccurate personal data. We take reasonable steps to keep your personal data accurate and current but you can also ask us to change any information we hold about you to keep it accurate, complete and current. However, please remember that it is your responsibility to tell us about any updates to this information
Erasure of personal data
: You have the right to ask us to erase the personal data we hold about you. It may be necessary to retain your personal data to fulfil our contract with you or to fulfil our legal and regulatory obligations
Restricting processing of personal data
: You can request that we restrict our processing of your personal data where you contest the accuracy of the information we hold (restricted until it has been verified), where it was processed unlawfully and you do not wish us to erase it but just to restrict our processing, or where we no longer need the personal data but you need us to retain it for the establishment, exercise or defence of a legal claim. Where a restriction is in place we can continue to store your information but only otherwise process it with your consent or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, for the protection of another individual’s rights or for important public interest reasons. We will inform you prior to the lifting of any restriction
Right of portability
: In certain circumstances, where technically feasible, you have the right to receive the personal data in a structured, commonly-used and machine-readable format and the right to transmit such personal data to another controller, if the processing is based on consent and is carried out by automated means
Object to the processing of your personal data
: Where we process your personal data on the basis of ‘legitimate interests’, you can request we stop such processing. Where we process your personal data for direct marketing purposes, you can request we stop such processing and we will cease any processing related to direct marketing
Right not to be subject to automated decision making
: You have the right to ask that a human reviews an automated decision, to express your point of view and to contest an automated decision
Right to withdraw consent
: Where we process your personal data because you have given us your consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time
You can exercise your rights by contacting us on 0345 08 08 500, in writing using the contact details given at the top of this document, or by visiting one of our stores.
We will respond to your request within one calendar month. We may need to confirm your identity before processing your request. If you can’t give us satisfactory proof of your identity, we have the right to refuse your request. We also have the right to reject requests that are manifestly unfounded or excessive.
How we use your personal information
11. Further processing
If we determine that your personal data is to be used for a new purpose, we will inform you beforehand.
12. Sharing your information
Your personal information may be shared with third-party service providers, including companies belonging to the Metro Bank group, which may provide products or services to you or us.
We will only share your personal data where necessary and where we have a lawful basis for doing so (for the purposes already outlined). Recipients of your personal data may include:
other parties connected to your account (e.g. joint account holders)
credit reference agencies (please see section below)
our service providers (e.g. payment processors, debt collection agencies, IT service providers, email service providers and web analytics providers)
specific subcontractors who help to provide you with the services you have requested
tax authorities, regulatory authorities, government bodies, insolvency service, law enforcement agencies and fraud prevention agencies (please see section below)
our insurers, lawyers, auditors, consultants and other professional advisers
other banks or financial institutions (e.g. where you ask us to share your personal data, or where we are asked to confirm your identity for the purposes of preventing or investigating financial crime)
selected third parties, if you want to use our referral to get discounts for their services, or where you want to take advantage of our functionality to import or export your banking data
third parties, where you have consented for us to share your data with them
advertisers, technology providers, social media platforms and providers of apps and smart devices. This is so that you are only shown marketing we think you might be interested in and we can try to find new customers who are like you, or have similar interests to yours.
These recipients may be located in countries around the world (please see “Processing personal data outside of the EU (EEA) and UK”).
Our websites may contain links to other websites operated by third parties. This privacy policy applies only to the personal information that Metro Bank collects and we are not responsible for personal information that others may collect, store and use through their websites. You should refer to the privacy policy of the third party's website for details on how they collect and use your personal information.
The personal information we have collected from you will be shared with fraud prevention agencies who will use it to prevent fraud and money laundering and to verify your identity. If fraud is detected, you could be refused certain services, finance or employment. Further details of how your information will be used by us and these fraud prevention agencies, and your data protection rights, can be found at
http://www.cifas.org.uk/FPN
13. Processing personal data outside of the EU (EEA) and the UK
Parties with which we share your personal data (for the purposes explained above), may be located in countries outside of the UK and the European Economic Area (EEA), such as India and the USA which have more lenient data protection laws than those of the UK.
We will only make such a transfer where an appropriate transfer mechanism is in place, in compliance with applicable data protection law. Where necessary, we will carry out a risk assessment to ensure that your personal data remains appropriately protected to the same extent as in the UK.
In most cases, such transfers are made pursuant to the standard data protection clauses approved by the UK Parliament. To learn more about this or find a copy of the documentation used please visit the
ICO's website
.
14. How we use credit reference agencies
As a responsible lender, we take into account your personal circumstances to see whether we should open a current account for you or to lend to you. To help us to do this, we may use automated credit scoring during applications.
This means that if you apply for one of our accounts or credit with us, we will search your record at companies called ‘credit reference agencies’ when considering your application.
We or the relevant credit reference agency take into account available information about you – such as your ability to repay, your credit history and factors such as how long you have lived at your present address. Credit reference agencies use information from a number of different public sources (for example, the electoral roll, county court judgements and bankruptcies), as well as information from other banks or lenders on how you manage your other banking or credit arrangements.
If you apply for one of our current accounts or credit facilities (other than our cash account), we may use details of your credit history to assess your ability to meet your financial commitments. Credit reference agencies will record details of your application and the search will form part of your credit history. This will happen whether or not you go ahead with your application. These details will be seen by other organisations that examine your record.
Records relating to one or more of your partners may already be linked to your record and we may consider these ‘associated’ records when considering your application.
Credit scoring helps us to work out the level of repayment risk for each applicant based on available information. If that level of risk is unacceptable for us, having looked at your credit score and other factors, we will refuse your application. Occasionally, Metro Bank will manually assess an application to understand the reason for any credit impairment and whether this is an exceptional circumstance.
We are not obliged to accept an application. If we are unable to accept your application, we will tell you. If we can, we will also tell you the main reason why we did not accept your application. If we refuse your application, we will not pass this information on to a credit reference agency. You may contact us and ask us to reconsider our decision. If you do, we will generally ask you to give us the extra information that we need.
We may share your personal data with credit reference agencies:
to check your identity and verify the accuracy of the data you provide to us
to help us understand whether or not we think you can afford any credit facility you apply for
to assess your creditworthiness and decide if you are eligible for an account, service or facility
to trace and recover debts
to manage your account(s)
to prevent criminal activity, fraud and money laundering.
If you hold a current account with us, we will regularly update the credit reference agencies with details of the status of your account, including:
the balance of any overdraft
details of any defaults
changes to your personal data
any special circumstances that apply to your account.
The credit reference agencies that we use are Experian, Equifax and TransUnion.
For further information about how they use your personal data, please see the links below.
Equifax –
www.equifax.co.uk/crain
Experian –
www.experian.co.uk/crain
TransUnion –
www.transunion.co.uk/crain
If you are applying for a business current account or business lending product, then in addition to the personal data, we will also use and share your business data for the purposes outlined within this section.
15. Automated decisions
We sometimes use systems to make automated decisions using the personal information we have obtained from you and other sources about you or your business. Automation allows us to make consistent, efficient and quick decisions about offering you our products and services. These automated decisions can affect what we may offer you now or in the future, or the price that we charge you for them.
Below are details of the automated decisions we make which are necessary for entering into, or performance of a contract:
Automated decision
What automation occurs
Pricing
Where you have requested credit, we will decide what rate of interest to charge based on what we know about you from your application and other sources.
Tailored products & services
We work with advertising partners – such as social media companies – to help us try to find new customers who are like you, or have similar interests to yours. These companies help us look for new customers who may be interested in products, services or offers that our existing customers are interested in.
Detecting fraud
We use your personal information to monitor and assess if your account is being used or suspected to be used for fraud or money-laundering. We look for traits adopted by fraudsters or behavioural trends which do not match your usual activity.
Opening accounts
When you apply for an account we will check that the product or service is suitable for you or your business. We will also check that you or your business meet the requirements to open an account or receive the product or service applied for. We will also need to check data like your age and financial position and to verify your identity.
Approving credit
We use an internal system to decide whether to lend money to you or your business, if you submit a loan application. The information used is historic data.
Credit scoring uses data from three sources:
• The loan application details submitted
• Credit reference agencies
• Data we may already hold
A credit score gives an overall assessment based on this. Metro Bank uses this to help us make responsible lending decisions that are fair, informed and consistent. Credit scoring methods are tested and reviewed regularly to make sure that a fair and unbiased decision is provided consistently.
Account lifecycle management
When you have a loan agreement and/or credit facility with Metro Bank, we will periodically assess the management of it to predict the likely performance or outcome of the loan agreement and/or credit facility. Dependent upon the assessment outcome, this may result in us making contact with you to further understand your current situation.
16. Preventing crime
We may share your personal information (including copies of your identification, photographs, signature and any other personal information that we hold about you) with fraud prevention or law-enforcement agencies and other organisations (including credit reference agencies, other lenders and operators of card schemes) both within the UK and abroad. We may do this to help investigate or prevent crime or terrorism, to check your identity or to meet our legal obligations.
17. Recording our calls, video services and direct messages
We regularly record and monitor our telephone calls, video services and direct messages to help improve the products and services we provide to you.
The reasons we record and monitor telephone calls, video services and direct messages are:
to help improve customer service
to help us meet our legal and regulatory requirements
to help detect and prevent fraud and/or other crimes
to help us answer your queries and issues.
You may request information concerning what personal data we process on you and request a copy of that personal data (see “Your rights”).
We retain your personal data for as long as required to meet our legal and regulatory obligations. Where retention is based on other reasons, we will retain it for no more than 3 years, in line with our data retention policy.
18. CCTV
When visiting our stores we capture your images through the use of CCTV.
The reasons we record CCTV are for:
security
health & safety
crime prevention and detection.
You may request information concerning what personal data we process on you and request a copy of that personal data (see “Your rights”).
We retain your personal data for as long as required to meet our legal and regulatory obligations. Where retention is based on other reasons, we will retain it for no more than 90 days, in line with our data retention policy.
19. Social networking sites
We maintain an online presence on popular social media websites including (but not limited to) Instagram, LinkedIn, Twitter and YouTube. We use these websites to share our news, upcoming events and to celebrate our culture. By engaging with us on these sites, you are accepting that the webpages are available to the general public and agree to the following:
Social media web pages are not private. Please do not share your personal account information on any of the websites, including through the use of private messages
Although we do always try to read every message sent to us on social media, we cannot guarantee a response to every message
Any pictures you provide on our social media web pages may be used within our internal newsletters
Any information that you provide us with on social media web pages may be retained by the website for longer than your relationship with us.
20. Java/ActiveX
Metro Bank’s websites do not run any java applets or applications, or any ActiveX controls. This means that if you are connected to our websites you will not be asked by us if you want to allow a program to run.
We need your consent to continue
We've put some small files called cookies on your device to make our site work.

We'd also like to use cookies that send us information about how our site is used so we can improve our site.

For more information, see our
privacy notice
Accept all
Essential cookies only
Customise my preferences
Your privacy preferences
When you visit our website, we can store or retrieve information on your browser. We do this by using cookies. Some cookies are not needed for our website to work but can give you a better experience. Let us know which cookies you're happy for us to use by changing your settings below.
View our privacy notice
Allow all
Your consent settings
Always on
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://policies.google.com/privacy?gl=GB&hl=en-GB:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information that Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand that this is a big responsibility and we work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it and how you can update, manage, export and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to find out more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Check-Up
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Check-Up
Effective 16 September 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information that Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites and devices, such as Search, YouTube and Google Home
Platforms such as the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content such as emails and photos, or to see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all; for example, searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information that Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users – from figuring out basic stuff such as which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information that we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application or
device
that you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things that you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content that you create, upload or receive from others when using our services. This includes things such as email you write and receive, photos and videos that you save, docs and spreadsheets you create and comments that you make on YouTube videos.
Information that we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers and
devices
that you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features such as automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information that we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including operator name and phone number and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time and referrer URL of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers – for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and operator name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video that you might like. The activity information that we collect may include:
Terms that you search for
Videos that you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history that you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products that you’re using and the settings that you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products that you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
; for example, from your searches or
places that you label such as home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data that we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services which provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information that we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, such as processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure that our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services – for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organised their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalised services, including content and ads
We use the information that we collect to customise our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalised content and
customised search results
. For example,
Security Check-Up
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps that you’ve already installed and videos that you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps that you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalised ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for 'mountain bikes', you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Centre
.
We don’t show you personalised ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation or health.
We don’t show you personalised ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the 'tap to call' button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Centre
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyse data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimise product design. And we also use data about the ads which you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information that we collect, such as your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, such as an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks and technical issues that could harm Google, our users or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyse your content to provide you with things like customised search results, personalised ads or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyse your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognise patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases that you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information that we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. For example, this helps people identify an email coming from you.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it’s used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Check-Up
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products – you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Check-Up
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content that you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos that you watch and the things that you search for are saved in your account so that you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so that you can get more personalised experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps and devices that use Google services
, such as apps that you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Centre
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, such as reviews and recommendations, which appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches that you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalisation:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information that Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things such as remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads, depending on your Shared Endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organisations or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third-party apps and sites
that you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student, or work for an organisation that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, such as your email
View statistics regarding your account, such as how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our privacy policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centres, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety, and analyse and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests that we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners – such as publishers, advertisers, developers or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorised access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Check-Up and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorised access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data that we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content that you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to get it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymised automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymised form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes for us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so that you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service that you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms that you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data that you've requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos that you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your delivery address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service that you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people that you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email that you receive may be used to create a ‘check-in’ button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’ information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you to share your location using
Google Location Sharing
so that others can find you on a map or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent and provide you with controls to
review and manage third-party apps and sites
that you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings, but could include the following:
Things that you create or provide to us
:
Content that you create, upload or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide to us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers and devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application or device that you’re using and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers and devices with our services (like IP address, crash reports and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history that you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings, but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video or processing, fulfilling and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people that you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products and features
To maintain the service so that it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. If we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help us understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyse data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us to discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyse which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyse usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and to increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyse queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google’s servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings, but could include the following:
Things that you create or provide to us
:
Content that you create, upload or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide to us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers and devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application or device that you’re using and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers and devices with our services (like IP address, crash reports and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history that you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings, but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure that they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analysing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analysing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organised their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us to design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google to develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products, such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings, but could include the following:
Things that you create or provide to us
:
Content that you create, upload or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide to us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers and devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application or device that you’re using and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers and devices with our services (like IP address, crash reports and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history that you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings, but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google's first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that's publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google's AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalised services, including content and ads
To customise our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalised content and customised search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Check-up feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like ‘Send a text to John Smith’.
Google Play uses information like apps that you’ve already installed and videos that you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps that you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site that you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalised ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for ‘mountain bikes’ or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalised ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser’s website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings, but could include the following:
Things that you create or provide to us
:
Content that you create, upload or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide to us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers and devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application or device that you’re using and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers and devices with our services (like IP address, crash reports and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history that you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings, but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like ‘Send a text to John Smith’.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customise our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site that you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalised, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos that you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalised ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance – we use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyse data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimise product design.
We use data about the ads that you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times that a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyses data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings, but could include the following:
Things that you create or provide to us
:
Content that you create, upload or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide to us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers and devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application or device that you’re using and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers and devices with our services (like IP address, crash reports and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history that you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings, but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analysing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analysing the number of times that a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analysing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfil obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you – we use information that we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues that you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings, but could include the following:
Things that you create or provide to us
:
Content that you create, upload or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide to us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers and devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application or device that you’re using and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers and devices with our services (like IP address, crash reports and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history that you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings, but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks and technical issues that could harm Google, our users or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyse IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The 'last account activity' feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location and the date and time of access.
We analyse your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
As with other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data that you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment that you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth that you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings, but could include the following:
Things that you create or provide to us
:
Content that you create, upload or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide to us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers and devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application or device that you’re using and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers and devices with our services (like IP address, crash reports and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history that you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings, but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analysing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware and illegal content.
Detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analysing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure that it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA and your linked services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organisations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date when the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children and teens
Voice and audio collection from children’s features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organisation that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings:
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Check-Up
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety centre
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s teen privacy guide
provides answers to some of the top questions that we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an Internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in 'local storage' mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and re-opened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognise your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners’ sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorised access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number, known as an Internet Protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or refers to an individually identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination web page by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last web page the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for 'cars' looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences and providing personalised advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognise a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customise our service to your device or analyse device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area that you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least three sq. km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third-party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways that you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads that you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for 'pizza'. Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programmes so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers, which don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services such as Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialler, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input and security features. Learn more about
Google Play services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymise data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research and provide transparency about these requests.
customised search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can obtain more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customised search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customisation, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalisation
.
Customising our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos that you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email that you receive may be used to create a 'check-in' button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your delivery address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service that you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
) and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to the appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie that you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyse how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, such as Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer) and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (such as MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
As with other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data that you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Find out more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyse how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyse its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyses these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over two million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, such as apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, such as a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect date of birth indicating that you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalised ads
You may also see personalised ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser’s website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places that you label like home and work
You might choose to save places that are important to you, such as your home or your work, to your Google Account. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses at any time in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that's publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google's AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business' information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analysing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The 'last account activity' feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalised ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things such as 'Cooking and Recipes' or 'Air Travel'. We don’t use topics or show personalised ads based on sensitive categories such as race, religion, sexual orientation or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
who use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to work out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centres located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
Similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps that we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data that you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
that you’ve left on apps, games and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronisation with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc or Bcc field of an email you’re composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability, and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report usage statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information that we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content that you have in other Google products, such as Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things such as the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant and hotel reservations or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by auto-completing their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalised content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, for example sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions that you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so that we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely to have been seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like 'Hey Google', Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, for example from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
, and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Find out more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Centre
A drop-down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 1
https://www.hotjar.com/legal/policies/privacy/:
Are you an agency specialized in UX, digital marketing, or growth? Join our
Partner Program
Close banner
Hotjar Logo
Products
Solutions
Pricing
Case studies
Resources
Contact Sales
Sign in
Get started
English
Language
Get started
Toggle navigation menu
Legal / Policies
Back to legal overview
Privacy Policy
Date: 17 January 2024
Version number: 7.1
Language
English
We will NEVER sell Your Personal Data to Third Parties.
Hotjar will only share or disclose Personal Data as described in this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy applies to Personal Data processed by Hotjar Ltd. (“
Hotjar
”, “
We
”, “
Us
” and “
Our
”) when You visit
www.hotjar.com
in addition to any sub-pages that are integrated within it (the “
Site
”); and/or make use of Hotjar’s Platform.
This Privacy Policy explains what Personal Data We collect through Our Site and Platform, how and why We collect it, how We use and disclose the Personal Data We collect and information on how to exercise privacy rights over this Personal Data.
We have also included a section on the processing of Personal Data sent to Hotjar from visitors to a Hotjar Enabled Site.
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time but We will never do so in a manner that compromises Our commitment to respect the privacy of individuals. The most current version of this Privacy Policy governs Our practices for collecting, processing and disclosing Personal Data. We will provide notice via email to Our Customers and on this page of any material modifications to this Privacy Policy. Continued use of Our Site and/or Platform following the effective date of any modifications will constitute acceptance of the modified Agreement (this includes Our
Terms of Service
,
Data Processing Agreement
,
Acceptable Use Policy
and this Privacy Policy).
All capitalized terms in this Privacy Policy shall have the same meaning as defined in the
Terms of Service
and in the Applicable Law.
Information about Hotjar
Hotjar is a company headquartered in the European Union (EU) that provides Software as a Service (SaaS). Hotjar is a digital experience insights platform that provides visual behaviour insights, in-the-moment feedback, and 1:1 interviews, all in one place.
Personal Data Collected by Hotjar
The Personal Data We collect depends on whether the individual is:
A visitor to the Hotjar Site
A Customer or user (the “
User
”) of the Hotjar Platform
A Tester who signed up on the Hotjar Platform
Personal Data collected from a visitor of the Hotjar Site
This section applies to Personal Data Hotjar collects from visitors to the Hotjar Site (
hotjar.com
) or any of Our sub-sites or sub-domains (e.g.
help.hotjar.com
, etc.).
Any Personal Data provided by a visitor to Our Site will be used only as described in this Privacy Policy and Hotjar’s
Acceptable Use Policy
.
Usage Data
When someone visits the Hotjar Site, We may temporarily store the name of their internet service provider, IP address, the website they visited Us from, the parts of Our Site they visit, the date and duration of the visit, and information from the device (e.g. device type, operating system, screen resolution, language, country you are located in, and web browser type) used during their visit or other similar information that helps Us understand your behaviour on our Site. We process this usage data to facilitate access to Our Site (e.g. to adjust Our Site to the devices that are used). We may use this data to analyze, develop, improve, secure or optimize the use, function and performance of Our Sites, or to make sure We are reaching out to the right audience. Wherever possible, we will use usage data in an aggregated and/or anonymized form. Depending on the context, the legal basis for this data processing is Article 6(1)(a) and Article 6(1)(f) GDPR.
Cookies
Cookies are small data files transferred onto computers or devices. Hotjar uses cookies to process information including standard internet log information and details of the visitor’s behavioral patterns upon visiting Our Site. This is done to:
operate Our Site;
provide visitors to Our Site with a better experience by providing Us with insights on how visitors use Our Site; and
for marketing purposes, as detailed below.
For more info about the cookies We make use of, please visit Our
Cookie Information page
.
Contacting Us
Visitors to Our Site have the opportunity to contact Us to ask Us questions, for example via a contact form, where We ask for contact information (e.g. name, email address etc.). We use this data solely in connection with answering the queries We receive.
If a visitor to Our Site receives emails from Us, We may use certain analytics tools, to capture data such as when the email is opened or when any links or banners in the email have been clicked. This data helps Us understand the effectiveness of Our communications and marketing campaigns.
The legal basis for this processing is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR.
Personal Data collected from Hotjar’s Customers, Users and Testers
This section applies to Personal Data Hotjar collects from its Customers, Users and Testers when making use of Hotjar’s Platform.
When someone signs up for an account with Hotjar, contacts Our customer support for assistance, or subscribes to Our content or special offers, We may ask for additional Personal Data such as their name, email address and additional details about them or the organization they represent.
We will solely process this Personal Data to provide Our Platform in accordance with Article 6(1)(b) GDPR. If you are a User of Our Platform on behalf of a Hotjar Customer that has concluded this Agreement with Hotjar, the legal basis for Hotjar to process your Personal Data is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR. Please refer to Our
Terms of Service
for further details on signing up and using Our Platfor.
We temporarily store IP addresses of Customers, Users and Testers of Our Platform for associated performance metrics (i.e. data related to how well Our Platform performs) and to monitor and track application errors. We will never access these IP addresses without any operational or security need. We automatically delete these IP addresses within thirty (30) calendar days.The legal basis for this data processing is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR. We may use technical data (such as keypresses, timestamps, etc.) collected through the Platform to analyze, develop, improve or optimize the use, function and performance of Our Site, or to make sure we are reaching out to the right audience. Wherever possible, we will use usage data in an aggregated or anonymized form.
A Customer
may delete their Hotjar account
at any time. Users and Testers may delete their respective accounts through their account settings. After account deletion, We may retain Personal Data (in part or in whole) associated with the Customer, User or Tester to meet any regulatory and reporting requirements for the timeframes stipulated by law and to be able to address customer service issues. Any other Personal Data We were processing relating to Our Customer, Tester and/or Users of that Hotjar account will be deleted permanently within thirty (30) calendar days. This does not apply to any Personal Data collected as part of Customer research within the Engage Product. To maintian the quality of the research data, any research-related Personal Data may need to be kept for a reasonably required time.
We may use Personal Data and other Data about Our Customers, Users and/or Testers (including but not limited to demographic information, location information, information about the computer or device from which they access Our Platform) to create, wherever possible, anonymized and aggregated information and analytics. The legal basis for this data processing is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR.
The information We collect from Our Customers, Users and/or Testers is disclosed only in accordance with the Agreement and the Applicable Law.
Personal Data collected from Engage Product Testers
THIS SECTION APPLIES ONLY TO THE REGISTERED TESTERS OF OUR ENGAGE PRODUCT
When a Tester signs up to the Engage Product, we will ask them to share some Personal Data with Us to create a Tester profile. The Tester profile information will be revealed to Hotjar and Our Customers, who may invite you to usability study interviews ("
Interviews
"). The Engage Product has been built to connect Testers with the best-matched Customers for their Interviews. Better matches means happier Customers and more payouts for Testers. We analyse the data Testers provide Us with, along with the information about the Tester’s use of Our Platform, to suggest a good Interview match.
We collect and process Tester Personal Data to allow Testers to participate in Customer research, as well as for database management, managing contacts and sending messages, analytics, managing Our hosting and backend infrastructure, paying Testers for their service, Tester registration and authentication and displaying content from external platforms.
The data categories we will ask Testers to provide in order to build the Tester profile may include but are not limited to, name, age, country of residence, educational background, profession, marital status, phone number and other registration information. This information allows us to effectively match Testers with the right Customers. Testers may also optionally upload an avatar or enter their gender, but can remove this at any time. If a Tester deletes their account, their profile data will be removed too. Depending on the context, the legal basis for this data processing is Article 6(1)(b) GDPR and Article 6(1)(f) GDPR.
We will also collect information that relates to how Testers use Our Platform. The categories of Personal Data relating to this include but are not limited to timezone, broad location (town or district), web browser, operating system and the device used, referral sources, email engagement data, data on how you use the Engage Product (including last login date and frequency) and account signup date. This information allows Us to personalize the Engage Product to Testers’ needs and to improve Our Engage Product. We do not collect precise, real-time information about the location of a Tester’s device. We delete (or anonymize) such Tester Personal Data as soon as you cancel your account. The legal basis for this data processing is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR.
On an entirely voluntary basis, Testers may choose to connect their social media account with their Tester profile. This will grant Us read-only access to their social media account and we will store their social media account ID, along with a secure 'access key' that these social media companies provide to Us. If Tester grants Us access, we may also process their email address that is associated with the social media account, name, profile picture, gender and age range, which we may use to enhance Tester profile data on the Engage Product. We use social media account data as a 'quality signal' to confirm that the Engage Product account belongs to a real person and therefore, sharing of social account data may affect the number of Interview invitations a Tester receives. We will never post content to a Tester’s social profile without their permission and we will never request or access their private messages on these accounts. Testers can choose to disconnect their social media accounts at any time, which will prevent Us from being able to access them. Social media account data will also be deleted if you choose to delete your Hotjar account. The legal basis for this data processing is Article 6(1)(a) GDPR.
In order to be able to remunerate Our Testers we will process payment related information that Testers share with Us such as PayPal email address, residential address, etc.. We may also need to keep a history of payments made to Testers. This is needed to comply with accounting and legal rules. This data may be kept up to seven (7) years. The legal basis for this data processing is Article 6(1)(b) GDPR.
Hotjar’s use of Personal Data
Access and Disclosure to Third Parties
We use a select number of trusted external service providers for certain technical data analysis, processing and/or storage offerings (e.g., IT and related services). These Third Party service providers are carefully selected and meet high data protection and security standards. We only share data with them that is required for the services offered and We contractually bind them to keep any information We share with them as confidential and to process Personal Data only according to Our instructions. The legal basis for such processing would be Article 6(1)(f) GDPR.
In addition to services providers, other categories of Third Parties may include:
Vendors/public institutions.
To the extent that this is necessary in order to make use of certain services requiring special expertise (such as legal, accounting or auditing services) We may share Personal Data with vendors of such services or public institutions that offer them (e.g. courts). The legal basis of this data processing is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR.
Disclosure in the Event of Merger, Sale, or Other Asset Transfers.
If We are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, purchase or sale of assets, or transition of service to another provider, then Data may be sold or transferred as part of such a transaction, as permitted by law and/or contract. The legal basis for such processing would be Article 6(1)(f) GDPR.
Other than the cases mentioned above, We will only transfer Personal Data to Third Parties without express consent in accordance with Article 6(1)(a) GDPR or if We are obliged to do so by statutory law or by instruction from a public authority or court as outlined in Our
Terms of Service
.
Communication Purposes
We may occasionally send notification emails about updates to Our product, legal documents, customer support or for marketing purposes. To the extent required by Applicable Law, We will only send such messages if We have obtained consent in accordance with Article 6(1)(a) GDPR. In all other cases, the legal basis of this data processing is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR.
Except for cases where We are required to do so by law (e.g. notification of a data breach, providing you with important information about your account, updating our legal documents, etc.), recipients of Our communication shall have the opportunity to unsubscribe from receiving these messages free of charge. We process requests to be placed on do-not-contact lists as required by Applicable Law.
Marketing Purposes
We use Personal Data given to Us by Hotjar’s Customers, Users, Testers and/or visitors to Our Site to target advertisements to:
Hotjar’s Customers, Users, Testers and/or visitors to Our Site to keep them informed about Hotjar and any product changes we make; and
Potential new Customers or Testers that appear to have shared interests or similar demographics.
The legal basis of this data processing is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR.
We do this by sharing Personal Data with Third Party marketing platforms that have high privacy and confidentiality standards and which have gone through a legal and security review by Hotjar. This ensures that these Third Parties cannot do anything with the Personal Data We provide them other than use it for the express purpose of providing Us with the marketing services We contract them for.
This Personal Data is only shared with these Third Parties through secure and encrypted means. If you wish to opt out of this processing activity, please contact Us at
dpo@hotjar.com
with the subject line “Opt-Out of Marketing”.
Compliance and Protection
We may use Personal Data to (legal basis for the respective processing in parentheses):
protect Our, Our Customers’/Users’, Testers’, visitors’ to Our Site or Third Parties’ rights, privacy, safety or property including by making and defending legal claims (Article 6(1)(b), (c) or (f) GDPR);
audit Our internal processes for compliance with legal and contractual requirements and internal policies (Article 6(1)(f) GDPR);
enforce Our
Terms of Service
(Article 6(1)(b) or (f) GDPR);
protect, investigate and deter against fraudulent, harmful, unauthorized, unethical or illegal activity, including cyberattacks and identity theft (Article 6(1)(f) GDPR); and
comply with the Applicable Law, lawful requests and legal process, such as to respond to subpoenas or requests from government authorities (Article 6(1)(c) or (f) GDPR).
Benchmarking
Hotjar reserves the right to use and retain Data in a de-identified and/or aggregated form to improve Our Site and/or Platform and for statistical and benchmarking purposes, including enabling comparisons within the same industry to enhance the insights collected through Our Site and Platform. Benchmarks look at all collected metrics and compare them to others of the same nature. These de-identified and/or aggregated benchmarks may be published and shared publicly within Our Platform or in the form of other content We publish which may show a summary of results for a certain category or question type.
No Data which can individually identify Our Customers, or their end-users, Our Users or Our Testers will ever be shown in this statistical or benchmark data.
The legal basis for aggregating/anonymizing this Personal Data is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR.
Intra-group sharing of User and visitor Data
Hotjar is part of the Content Square SAS group (“
Contentsquare
”) which is headquartered in Paris, France. In the course of our normal operations, Hotjar may share Data (e.g. name and contact details, etc.) of Users of Hotjar accounts, Testers, and visitors of Our Site (hotjar.com) with Contentsquare.
The purpose of sharing this Data is to pursue synergies in sales and marketing, which is in both Hotjar’s and Contentsquare’s legitimate commercial interests. The legal basis of this Data processing is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR. Hotjar and Contentsquare are jointly responsible for these processing activities (so-called joint controllership). If you would like more information in this regard or would like to exercise your rights as described in this Privacy Policy, please contact Us at dpo@hotjar.com.
Other Purposes with Your Consent
In some cases, We may ask you for consent to collect, use or share Personal Data for other purposes. For example, We may ask you for consent to send marketing emails where required by law or to post testimonials or endorsements. In such cases, there will always be the ability to deny or revoke consent if desired. The legal basis for the data processing is under Article 6(1)(a) GDPR.
Duration of Processing
Unless a different timeframe has been specifically stated in this Privacy Policy or in
Our Pricing Page,
Personal Data will be retained for as long as is necessary for the purpose(s) for which We originally collected it or to provide Our Platform, resolve disputes, establish legal defenses, conduct audits, pursue legitimate business purposes, and enforce Our Agreement. We may also retain information as required by Applicable Law.
International Transfers of Personal Data
In most cases, Personal Data We collect is stored in the EU. However, in some limited cases, customer information may be accessed from, or other Personal Data (e.g., email, etc.) may be transferred outside of the EU. These countries may have different data protection laws. Hotjar endeavors to ensure appropriate safeguards are in place requiring that Personal Data will remain protected. Hotjar has concluded Standard Contractual Clauses with entities who We share Personal Data with outside of the EU. Further details about this can be found in Our article on
Data Storage
.
Children’s Information
Hotjar’s Platform is not directed to children under 13 (or other age as required by local law), and We do not knowingly collect Personal Data from children. If you learn that your child has provided Us with Personal Data without your consent, you may contact Us at dpo@hotjar.com. If We learn that We have collected a child’s Personal Data in violation of Applicable Law, We will promptly take steps to investigate this, delete such information and, if applicable, terminate the child’s account. We will also make sure to have preventive measures in place for this not to happen again in the future.
Rights over Personal Data
If you are a visitor to Our Site or a Customer, User and/or Tester of Our Platform and We have collected Personal Data about you, you have a right to access and to be informed about what Personal Data is processed by Hotjar, a right to rectification/correction, erasure/anonymization and restriction of processing (subject to certain exceptions and other requirements prescribed by law). You also have the right to receive from Hotjar a structured, common and machine-readable format of Personal Data you provided Us.
When you have provided consent, you may withdraw it at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of the processing that was carried out prior to withdrawing it. Whenever you withdraw consent, you acknowledge and accept that this may have a negative influence on the quality of Our Site and/or Platform. Please be aware that when you withdraw consent, We may delete the Personal Data previously processed on the basis of your consent and will not be allowed to keep it further which will mean that it cannot be accessed, downloaded or otherwise secured by you.
In addition, you have the right to lodge a complaint with your respective data protection authority.
To protect your privacy, We take steps to verify your identity before fulfilling your request. We can only identify you via your email address and we can only adhere to your request and provide information if We have Personal Data about you through you having made contact with Us directly and/or you are using Our Site and/or Platform.
To protect your privacy, We will take steps to verify your identity before fulfilling any consumer request under the Applicable Law. When you make a request, We will ask you to provide sufficient information that allows Us to reasonably verify you are the person We collected Personal Data about or an authorized representative, which may include your email address.
If You are located in California…
This section only applies to Our processing of Personal Data as a “business” under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA).
The CCPA provides California residents with the right to know what
Categories of Personal Data
Hotjar has collected about them and whether Hotjar disclosed that Personal Data for a business purpose (e.g. to a service provider) in the preceding twelve (12) months.
If you are a California resident and would like to exercise any of your rights under the CCPA, please contact Us at
dpo@hotjar.com
. We will process your request in accordance with the Applicable Laws.
Sales of Personal Information Under the CCPA.
For purposes of the CCPA, Hotjar does not “sell” Personal Data, nor do We have actual knowledge of any “sale” of Personal Data of minors under 16 years of age.
Non-Discrimination.
California residents will have the right to exercise the rights conferred to them by the CCPA.
Authorized Agent.
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request under the CCPA. If applicable, you may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child. To designate an authorized agent, please contact Us at
dpo@hotjar.com
.
If You are located in Brazil…
This section only applies to Our processing of Personal Data under the Brazilian
Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados
(LGPD).
In addition to the rights described above, you also have the right to:
access your Personal Data processed by Hotjar;
unless restricted by law, request information about the public and private entities with which We have shared your Personal Data;
oppose to the processing carried out; and/or
receive information about the possibility of not providing your consent and the consequences of such denial.
If you are a Brazilian resident or were in Brazil when your Personal Data was collected and would like to exercise any of your rights under the LGPD, please contact Us at
dpo@hotjar.com
. We will process your request in accordance with the Applicable Laws.
Personal Data collected from a visitor of a Hotjar Enabled Site
This section applies to Personal Data sent to Hotjar from Our Customers about visitors to their site using Our Platform (i.e. a Hotjar Enabled Site).
When an end-user visits a Hotjar Enabled Site, the Hotjar Enabled Site’s privacy policy will apply to the Personal Data collected and not this Privacy Policy.
This section should always be read in conjunction with the specific privacy policy of the Hotjar Enabled Site which will contain further details regarding the processing of your Personal Data by the Hotjar Enabled Site.
When making use of Our Platform, Our Customers are bound by Our Privacy Policy, Our
Terms of Service
, and Our
Acceptable Use Policy
. You can get more information about Hotjar by visiting
Our Site
.
If you are a visitor to a Hotjar Enabled Site, Hotjar may temporarily process your IP address so that We can ensure Our service is running smoothly and improve the quality of Our Platform. Any IP addresses We process are used exclusively for associated performance metrics (i.e. data related to how well Our Platform performs on the Hotjar Enable Site) and to monitor and track application errors. For this purpose, We may temporarily store your IP address with Hotjar’s
Sub-Processors
which are subject to strict obligations of confidentiality and will process it only according to Our instructions. We will never access these IP addresses without any operational or security need. We automatically delete any IP addresses We process or store within thirty (30) calendar days. The legal basis for this data processing is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR.
Some Hotjar Customers may have the ability to integrate Data they have collected through Our Platform with other end-user data they have in their possession (e.g. their customer information).
Depending on the web browser you use, it might be possible for you to disallow Hotjar from collecting Data when visiting a Hotjar Enabled Site. To discover if your web browser offers this functionality visit Our
Do Not Track page
.
Please note that We cannot respond to any requests from end-users of Hotjar Enabled Sites related to their Personal Data, including requests to provide, rectify or delete any end-user Personal Data. Any requests from end users of Hotjar Enabled Sites related to Customer Personal Data should be sent to the relevant Hotjar Customer.
Previous Versions of this Privacy Policy
Version 7.1 (
compare markup changes between version 7 and 7.1
)
Sub-policy 2
https://www.optimizely.com/legal/privacy-notice/:
Privacy notice
V 2024-02. Published 12 February 2024
This Privacy Notice explains how information about you, that directly identifies you, or that makes you identifiable (“
personal information
” (also referred to as “
personal data
” in some jurisdictions)) is collected, used, disclosed, and otherwise processed by Optimizely. This Privacy Notice replaced Optimizely’s former Privacy Policy.
SUMMARY
Who Collects And Processes Your Personal Information?
Optimizely does, in the form of the respective legal entity, entity of the global group of the Optimizely group of companies. The Optimizely Privacy Notice describes in detail which processing activities of which Optimizely group entity apply.
What Personal Information Does Optimizely Collect?
Optimizely may collect various types of personal information about you when conducting its business, including (but not limited to):
personal contact information,
personal information related to your or your employer’s business relationship with Optimizely,
personal information Optimizely must collect due to legal- and compliance-related purposes,
personal usage, registration, and participation data which Optimizely may generate through your use of its web and online offerings,
special categories of personal information,
application-related personal information,
personal information which Optimizely may receive from third parties,
personal information Optimizely requires to ensure your or your employer’s satisfaction with our products, services and offerings.
The purposes Optimizely collects Your Personal Information?
Optimizely processes your personal information to:
pursue its business relationships with you, your employer, or your employer’s customers, including ensuring your satisfaction with and keeping you up to date on the latest news about our products and services,
develop and offer you its software products, cloud and other services,
protect the quality and safety of its premises, facilities, products or services,
secure and, if necessary, defend its protected legal assets against unlawful attacks, assert our rights or defend Optimizely against legal claims,
ensure compliance with statutory laws and regulations applicable to Optimizely,
operate Optimizely’s Internet pages, web offerings, or other online events including analyzing the behaviour of the users, enabling you to create a user profile, benefit from an identity service and to promote and continuously improve your user experience,
search you as a potential talent for Optimizely,
transfer it to recipients like other entities of the Optimizely Group, third-party service providers, Optimizely partners and others.
Rights of Access, Correction & Return
. You have the right to request from Optimizely access to, correction of, and/or the return or the deletion of your personal information. You may request from Optimizely to restrict the access to your personal information or to exclude it from further processing. You may revoke a once given consent or object to processing activities which Optimizely may intend to pursue in a given case. When you believe that Optimizely was processing your personal information not in accordance with this Privacy Notice or under breach of applicable personal information protection laws, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a relevant supervisory authority. The Privacy Notice describes each of these rights in detail, including how you can reach us to exercise any of these rights against Optimizely and how to identify, if necessary, the relevant personal information protection authority.
Country Specific Disclosures
. In
Schedule I
, Optimizely addresses several country specific aspects that must be explained in a privacy Notice under relevant country laws. The country-specific requirements include, but is not limited to those, from the EU and EEA, the United States of America (and specifically, the State of California) and the United Kingdom.
Intranet Sites.
This Privacy Notice does not apply to Optimizely internet-pages or web-services which present their own privacy Notice – (for example, at Optimizely Careers).
Learn More
. This summary does not replace or supersede the detailed explanations in the Optimizely Privacy Notice. In case of any doubt, please always refer to the relevant passage in the actual full Notice below. If you want to learn more about each of these purposes for which Optimizely may collect, transfer, and use your personal information, including for how long your personal information is being retained, please refer to the full Privacy Notice below.
______________________________
Definitions.
When we use -
“Optimizely”, “Optimizely Group”, “we”, “us”, or “our” in this Privacy Notice - we are referring to Optimizely North America Inc. and Optimizely AB and their respective affiliates. And “Local Optimizely’ means an applicable Optimizely Group company.
“Service” - we are referring to any of the services and product offerings that we offer as a controller, our websites
https://www.optimizely.com
and https://world.optimizely.com, or any other Optimizely Group product or service that posts or links to this Privacy Notice. Servicesmay include any of Optimizely’s on-prem and cloud software products, web services, apps, online-forums, webinars and events, non-marketing related newsletters, white papers, tutorials, trainings, as well as other offerings like contests or sweepstakes.
“personal information”, we are also referring to personal information and personally
identifiable information
Optimizely as a Data Controller
: This Privacy Notice applies only where Optimizely is the “data controller” (or similar term under applicable laws) and is responsible for and controls the processing of your personal information collected by Optimizely for Optimizely through your use of our Services.
Optimizely as a Data Processor
: In providing our Services, our customers may collect and process data in their utilisation of Services (“
Customer Data
”), or we may collect such data on their behalf, which may in either case include the personal information of our customers’ authorized users. Here, Optimizely is a “data processor” (or similar term under applicable laws), and we have contractually committed ourselves to our customers (typically in the form of our Software Subscription Agreement, and data processing agreement) to process that Customer Data (and personal information) under the instruction of the respective client, who is the data controller in these cases. As such, this Privacy Notice does not apply to the processing of Customer Data (including personal information), and we recommend you read the privacy notice of the respective client if their processing concerns your personal information.
Table of Contents
For What Purposes Does Optimizely Use Your Personal Information
What Personal Information Does Optimizely Collect And Use, And How To We Collect It
How Long Will Your Personal Information Be Stored & Used by Optimizely
Who May Optimizely Share Your Personal Information
Your Control of Your Personal Information
Your Control of Our Marketing Messages
How Can You Exercise Your Rights of Control?
Children
Region-specific Disclosures
Third Party Websites And Services
EU-US Data Privacy Framework
Changes To This Privacy Notice
Contact Us
Region and Country Specific Disclosures
1. For What Purposes Does Optimizely Use Your Personal Information
.
When conducting business and operating our various web presences and other communication channels, Optimizely collects limited personal information of the people it interacts with, including customers, partners, suppliers, vendors, candidates, and any other people with whom we interact. In any of these cases, Optimizely may use this personal information for one or more of the following business purposes:
To pursue business relationships with customers, partners, and others.
Optimizely may use personal information to pursue its business relationships with customers, partners, and other users to fulfill pre-contractual and contractual business relations. This may include satisfying requests, processing orders, delivering an ordered product or service, or engaging in any other relevant action to establish, fulfill and maintain our business relationships. When you purchase or intend to purchase Services from Optimizely on behalf of a corporate customer or are otherwise associated as contact person for the business relationship between Optimizely and a corporate customer or partner, Optimizely will use your personal information for this purpose. More specifically, Optimizely may use your personal information to confirm your opening of an account, manage the contract execution, send you disclosures as may be required by law, notice of payments, and other information about our products and services. Optimizely may respond to related inquiries, provide you with necessary support and process your feedback. In the context of your or your employers use of our Services, Optimizely may communicate with you by post, email, live chat, contact forms, phone or any other medium to resolve your, a user’s, or a customer’s question or complaint or to investigate suspicious transactions. In case of telephone calls or chat sessions, Optimizely may record such calls or chat sessions to improve the quality of Optimizely’s services after informing you accordingly during that call and, subject to applicable law, receiving your prior consent before the recording begins.
Customer Satisfaction
- Within an existing business relationship between you or your employer and Optimizely, Optimizely may use your personal information to help us understand how satisfied you are with the functionality and quality of our Services, to provide you with relevant information on our latest product announcements, software updates or upgrades, events, special offers, and other information about Optimizely’s Services that is relevant and useful to you.
To develop our Services.
To the extent permitted by applicable law, Optimizely may process your personal information for internal research, technological demonstration and development, and to help Optimizely create, develop, operate, deliver, improve, upgrade or enhance Optimizely’s products and services. Optimizely may process personal information to create anonymized data sets which may then be used to improve Optimizely’s Services.
To ensure legal compliance
.
Optimizely processes personal information to comply with statutory obligations. This includes Optimizely’s compliance with applicable export laws, trade sanctions and embargoes of various countries including, without limitation, those of the European Union and its member states, and of the United States of America. Optimizely may use personal information to the extent necessary to comply with these legal requirements. Specifically, Optimizely may use personal information to conduct automated checks against applicable sanctioned-party lists, to regularly repeat such checks whenever a sanctioned-party list is updated or when a user updates his or her information. In case of a potential match, Optimizely will block access to Optimizely’s services and systems and contact the user to confirm his or her identity. If necessary, Optimizely uses personal information to prevent or prosecute criminal activities such as any form of cybercrime, the illegal use of our products and services or fraud, to assert our rights or defend Optimizely against legal claims. To comply with data protection and unfair competition law related requirements. Depending on the country in which the relevant Optimizely Group company operates, and whether you have expressly consented to or opted out of receiving commercial information, Optimizely may process personal information necessary to accommodate your data protection and privacy choices for the receipt of such information and, when necessary to ensure compliance, exchange such information with the other entities of the Optimizely Group.
Technical and Organizational Security
.
Optimizely may use your personal information for the purpose of ensuring an adequate level of technical and organizational security of Optimizely's products, services, online events, facilities, and premises. Optimizely may take the measures necessary to verify or maintain the quality and safety of a product or service which is owned, manufactured by or for, or controlled by Optimizely. This may comprise the use of personal information for sufficient identification and authorization of designated users, internal quality control through auditing, analysis, and research, debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing or intended functionality, account and network security, replication for loss prevention, detecting security incidents, protection against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and prosecuting those responsible for such kind of activity. We may further process your name, likeness, and other contact or compliance related data when you visit an Optimizely Group office in the context of access management and video surveillance to protect the security and safety of our locations and assets.
To operate Optimizely internet pages, web-offerings, or other online events
.
Optimizely may use your personal information for the purpose of operating, providing to you and administering your use of Optimizely’s internet pages, web offerings, or other online events. This includes the following -
Creating user profiles
. Certain web offerings linked to Optimizely’s websites, including forums, blogs, and networks (for example @ https://world.optimizely.com), require you to register and create a user profile. Through the user profile you can share personal information about you with other users, such as your name, photo, social media accounts, postal or email address, telephone number, personal interests, skills, and basic information about your company. The user profiles serve to personalize the interactions between the users (for example, by way of messaging or follow functionality) and to allow Optimizely to foster the collaboration and quality of communication through such offerings. The profile settings of the relevant web offering allow you to determine which information you want to share.
Identity service
.
The user profile may be specific to a single web offering of Optimizely, but it also allows you to access other web offerings of Optimizely or of other entities of the Optimizely Group. It is your choice whether or not to use any of these additional web offerings. If you do, Optimizely will make your personal information available to such other web offerings to provide you with initial access. Kindly note that without your consent for Optimizely to create such user profiles, Optimizely will not be able to offer such services to you where your consent is a statutory requirement that Optimizely can provide these services to you.
Event profiling
. If you register for an event, seminar, or webinar of Optimizely, Optimizely may share basic participant information (your name, company, and email address) with other participants of the same event, seminar, or webinar to promote the interaction between the participants and to stimulate the communication and the exchange of ideas.
User experience improvement
. Optimizely processes information that relates to your visit to our web offerings to improve your user experience, identify your individual demand and to personalize the way we provide you with the information you are looking for. For this purpose, we collect information regardless of whether you register with a user profile or not.
Cookies and similar tools
. We and our third-party providers may use (i) cookies or small data files that are stored on an individual’s computer and (ii) other, related technologies, such as web beacons, pixels, embedded scripts, location-identifying technologies and logging technologies (collectively, “cookies”) to automatically collect this personal information. For more information about these practices and your choices regarding cookies, please see our
Cookie Notice
.
To Recruit.
Optimizely is collecting and using personal information of qualified individuals and people interested in our career opportunities from various sources. Job applicants and candidates are asked to apply via Optimizely’s Careers Portal, regardless of whether this is done initiatively or in response to an advertised posting. Optimizely collects personal information by means of the Careers Portal for the purposes of carrying out the application procedures and selecting applicants. You may find further information about how Optimizely collects and uses applicant’s personal information in the privacy notice specific to the Optimizely careers websites and portals.
To offer Optimizely’ Services
.
Optimizely collects and processes personal information for sales and marketing purposes. We aim to keep you updated on upcoming events and Optimizely’s latest products and services. If possible, we may contact you to discuss further your interest in Optimizely services and offerings. This sales and marketing purposes includes the following -
Request feedback, questionnaires and surveys
. To the extent allowed by applicable law, Optimizely may contact you for feedback regarding the improvement of the relevant material, product, or service. Optimizely may also invite you to participate in questionnaires and surveys. These will generally be designed so you can participate without having to provide information that identifies you as a participant. If you nonetheless provide your personal information, Optimizely will use it for the purpose stated in the questionnaire or survey or to improve its products and services.
To keep you up to date
.
Within an existing business relationship between you or your employer and Optimizely, Optimizely may use your personal information to inform you about Optimizely products or services which are similar or relate to products and services you or your employer have already purchased or used. Optimizely will inform you by email or phone about such news only as far as it is allowed by law, or if Optimizely has collected such information in the context of the business relationship. You are entitled to object to Optimizely’s use for this purpose at any time by selecting the opt-out option at the bottom of each marketing related approach.
Personalized Content
.
Optimizely processes information about your interactions with Optimizely across its various business areas and its offerings (your or your employers prior and current use of Optimizely products or services, your participation in and use of Optimizely’s web offerings, events, white papers, free trials or newsletters) to provide you with the requested products and services and to improve our personal communications with you. This data may also be used to efficiently operate Optimizely’s business, which also includes: the automation and aggregation of data to support various analytic and statistical efforts, performance and predictive analytics and data science to support your customer journey and to fulfill such requests. To the extent permitted by law, Optimizely may combine and use such information in an aggregated manner to help us understand your interests and business demands, develop our business insight and marketing strategies, and to create, develop, deliver, and improve our personalized communications with you. It may also be used by Optimizely to display relevant content on Optimizely owned or third-party websites.
Advertising ID’s
. If you consent or as permitted by applicable law, Optimizely may create a hashed user ID to provide to third party operated social networks or other web offerings (such as Twitter, LinkedIn, Facebook, Instagram or Google). This information is then matched against the third party’s own user database to display to you more relevant Optimizely content.
2. What Personal Information Does Optimizely Collect And Use, And How Do We Collect It
Optimizely processes various types of personal information about the people we interact with when conducting our business or operating our various web presences and other communication channels. When you interact with us, we are collecting personal information about you. Sometimes we collect personal information automatically when you interact with our Services and sometimes we collect the personal information directly from you. At times, we may collect personal information about you from third parties with a legitimate right to share it.
Depending on the individual case, this may comprise the following types of personal information:
Contact Information
.
Optimizely processes the following categories of personal information as contact information: first name, last name, email addresses, postal address/location (country, state/province, city), telephone numbers, and your relationship history with Optimizely.
Personal information related to the business relationship with Optimizely.
In the context of established business relationships, Optimizely processes the business partner’s company name, industry, your job title and role, department and function and your company’s relationship history to Optimizely. If you provide a credit card number or bank details to order products or services, Optimizely will collect this information to process your payment for the requested products or services.
Compliance related personal information.
If required by statutory law or regulation, Optimizely may process data categories like date of birth, academic credentials, identity cards or other ID numbers, geolocation, business partner relevant information about e.g., significant litigation or other legal proceedings, and other export control or custom compliance relevant information.
Information generated through your use of, or participation in, Optimizely’s internet pages, web, or online offerings
Usage information
.
Optimizely processes certain user-related information, e.g., info regarding your browser, operating system, or your IP address when you visit Optimizely’s web properties. We also process information regarding your use of our web-offerings, like the pages you visit, the amount of time you spend on a page, the page which has referred you to our page and the links on our sites you select.
Without limiting Usage Data collection,
we and our third-party providers and partners collect certain personal information automatically when you visit, interact with, or use our Service: (A) Log Data (including your internet protocol (IP) address, operating system, browser details such as type, ID, and configuration, unique identifiers, device type and version, the referring URL, date/time of your visit, the time you spent on our services and any errors that may occur during your visit to our Services; (B) Analytics Data (including the electronic path you take to our services, through our services and when exiting our services, UTM source, as well as your usage and activity on our services, such as the time zone, activity information (first and last active date and time), usage history (flows created, campaigns scheduled, emails opened, total log-ins) as well as the pages, links, objects, products and benefits you view, click or otherwise interact with. We may also analyse the interaction between you and your customer using our Services, (C) Location Data (including your general geographic location based on the IP address we collect, and (D) Platform data (if you have an account to use the services we offer as a processor, we may in addition also collect your name, phone number, email address, company information, status in the sales cycle, lead and commercial details (like platform specifics, initial marketing channel), and user and account ID and other identifiers (such as Salesforce ID and Optimizely ID), NPS/account sentiments, Optimizely Academy user profile/history data, account health status, event attendance, status as lead/account, integrations. We and our third-party providers may use (i) cookies or small data files that are stored on an individual’s computer and (ii) other, related technologies, such as web beacons, pixels, embedded scripts, location-identifying technologies and logging technologies automatically collect this personal information. For more information about these practices and your choices regarding cookies, please see our
Cookie Notice
.
Registration information
.
Optimizely may process your contact data as set out above and other information which you may provide directly to Optimizely if you register for any of Optimizely 's events or other web services.
Participation information
.
When you participate in webinars, virtual seminars, events, or other Optimizely web services, Optimizely may process your interactions with the relevant webservice to organize the event including its sessions, polls, surveys, or other interactions between Optimizely and/or its participants. Depending on the event and subject to a respective notification of the participants, Optimizely may collect audio and video recordings of the event or session.
Special categories of personal information.
In connection with the registration for an event, Optimizely may ask for your dietary preferences or information about potential disabilities for purposes of consideration for the health and well-being of our guests. Any collection of such information is always based on the consent of the participants. Kindly note that if you do not provide such information about dietary preferences, Optimizely may not have the opportunity to respond to such requests at the time of the event.
Personal information received during an application for a job at Optimizely.
Optimizely processes personal information of individuals applying for a job at Optimizely as set out in the privacy notice at Optimizely’s career websites and portals.
Personal information received from our partners.
In some circumstances, we also collect, or our partners provide us with, publicly available information which may contain Personal Data that you have published or that has been made available online. The way in which our partners collect this is detailed in their own privacy policies, available on their websites.
Personal information received from other third-parties, including publicly available sources.
Optimizely aims to collect personal information directly from the data subjects. If you or applicable law allows Optimizely to do so, Optimizely may obtain personal information also from third party sources. These third-party sources may include:
(i)
your employer in the context of its business dealings with Optimizely and/or the Optimizely Group,
(ii)
third parties you directed to share your personal information with Optimizely, and
(iii)
third party sources and publicly available sources like business oriented social networks or information broker. When we collect personal information from third party sources, established internal controls aim to ensure that the third-party source was permitted to provide this information to Optimizely and that we may use it for this purpose. Optimizely will treat this personal information according to this Privacy Notice, plus any additional restrictions imposed by the third party that provided the personal information to Optimizely or by applicable national law.
Personal information necessary for customer satisfaction
. To the extent permitted by law or based on your consent, Optimizely may combine the information we collect either directly or indirectly about specific users to ensure the completeness and correctness of the data and to help us better tailor our interactions with you and determine the information which best serves your respective interest or demand.
Our collection of your personal information can also include the following:
(i)
personal information you provide in connection with our Service – for example, account creation and profile information for any Optimizely account or Optimizely ID, and this information includes your email and password, company name, company URL, office phone number and office address, and you may also add or confirm your name, company industry, tax ID, billing address, time zone and source of contact/lead;
(ii)
Contract Information - if your company enters into a contractual relationship with us, we may collect your name, job title, email address, signature (if wet signed or a copy of their autograph is used), customer name and address, and information how you heard about us
; (iii)
payment and transaction Information - if you sign up for one of our Services requiring payment, we collect the information provided in connection with such payment using a third party payment processor to process your payments and as such, all such information is provided directly by you to our third-party processor and that payment processor’s use of your personal information is governed by their privacy notice, although we will only receive the last 4 digits of the credit card number along with transaction-related information (i.e., payment date, amount, device type, IP address and card type), and if any custom billing is arranged, then the account contact’s name, email, job title, company and address may be collected as well;
(iv)
communications - when you contact us through any method of communications, including through one of our website “Contact Us”, “Chat” or “Support” functions or you request information about, or a demonstration of, our Services, we may collect your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, company/company URL, account ID, type of inquiry, or any other personal information you choose to provide to us, such as how many contacts you have/your company has, which products interest you, what platform is currently being used, and meeting dates and times;
(v)
Newsletter, Marketing Emails, and Blog - if you sign up to receive news or alerts from us, or subscribe to our blog, we may collect your email and applicable interests and communication preferences;
(vi)
Optimizely educational resources if you sign up for courses or training at the Optimizely Academy (powered by Intellum) - you will be asked for your user’s name, email, and password, and you may be able to add a profile picture, and when using that platform, a user’s history on registrations, courses taken, scores, and product certifications, survey responses and lead status as well as unique identifier are captured;
(vii)
Optimizely World Communities
.
if you wish to participate in the Optimizely network with other account holders and developers, and find resources, insights and further support from other used, you may participate in various Optimizely communities. In this case we may collect the following information: your account credentials, your Optimizely account ID, email address and partner ID, and your account will also show classifications based on your involvement in the relevant Community and badges showing your based on your involvement/accomplishment (both of which can be manages in the profile settings to be visible or not visible to other users of the applicable Community) as well as all content you share via the Community function, and you may be able to add your name, username, job title, city, country, profile picture, social media (Instagram and Twitter), and bio/signature details that may be visible to the other users of the relevant Community; and
(viii)
Events, Surveys, Feedback and Promotions (including Contests, Sweepstakes, Webinars, and Training Sessions) - if you fill out any forms or otherwise provide your information to us in connection with Optimizely events, surveys, or other promotional events (including contests, sweepstakes, webinars, and trainings), as well as when you provide feedback to us, we may collect your contact information (such as your name, email, and phone number), your organization company, your job title, the office address and any other information you provide to us.
We may also collect your personal information from:
(A)
within the Optimizely Group - we may receive your personal information from within Optimizely Group
; (B)
Optimizely Business and Marketing Partners - we may also disclose personal information with other business and marketing partners with whom we jointly offer products or services, co-market or host events, or who are part of our partner ecosystem, and the information we disclose may include your name, phone number, email address, company name and address, opportunity/interest details of your company, and information on whether your company is a current client of our partner;
(C)
Social Media
– when an individual interacts with us through various social media networks, such as when someone “Likes” us on Facebook or follows us or shares our content on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram or other social networks through, for example, the social media buttons embedded into our website, we may receive some information about individuals that they permit the social network to share with third parties, and this information we receive is dependent upon an individual’s privacy settings with the social network. Individuals should always review and, if necessary, adjust their privacy settings on third-party websites and social media networks and services before sharing information and/or linking or connecting them to other services, and (iv) Service Providers - our service providers that perform services solely on our behalf, such as chat services, payout processing, and marketing providers, collect personal information and often share some or all of this information with us.
3. How Long Will Your Personal Information Be Stored & Used by Optimizely
Optimizely will only process your personal information only for as long as it is required:
to make Services requested by you or your employer available to you;
for Optimizely Group to comply with statutory obligations to retain personal information, resulting inter alia e.g. from applicable export, finance, tax or commercial laws;
to fulfill Optimizely’s legitimate business purposes as further described in this Privacy Notice, unless you object to Optimizely’s use of your personal information for these purposes;
until you revoke a consent you previously granted to Optimizely to process your personal information.
Optimizely may process your personal information for Service development until this no longer necessary or Optimizely is informed that your relationship with the Optimizely customer has changed.
Optimizely may retain your personal information for additional periods if necessary for compliance with legal obligations to process your personal information or if the personal information is needed by Optimizely to assert or defend itself against legal claims. Optimizely will retain your personal information until the end of the relevant retention period or until the claims in question have been settled.
To learn more about how you may revoke consent, please refer to Your Control of Your Personal Information sections below, How Can You Exercise Your Rights of Control, and Contact Us sections below.
4. Who May Optimizely Share Your Personal Information
We may also share, transmit, disclose, grant access to, make available, and provide your personal information as described below.
Optimizely Group
: As Optimizely is making available its Services to its customers only via local business relationships, Optimizely may transfer your personal information to the locally relevant Optimizely Group entity for the purpose and to the extent necessary to conduct a business relationship. Other entities of the Optimizely Group may also receive or gain access to personal information either when rendering group internal services centrally and on behalf of the Optimizely Group or when personal information is transferred to them on a respective legal basis. These companies will use your personal information in the same way as we can under this Privacy Notice. If you would like to find out which Optimizely Group entity is responsible for the business relationship with you or your employer, please contact us at
privacy@optimizely.com
Service Providers
: We may share your personal information with third party contractors and service providers, that are subject to reasonable confidentiality terms, and which may include processing payments, providing web hosting and maintenance services, technology support providers, email and messaging communications providers, analytics providers, data storage providers, and web and video hosting providers and developers. Any such service providers will be subject to confidentiality provisions, and be bound to only process the information on our behalf and under our instructions, unless such service providers act as their own controllers (e.g., in the case we seek advice from consultants).
Business and Marketing Partners:
We may also disclose personal information with other business and marketing partners with whom we jointly offer products or services, co-market or host events, or who are part of our partner ecosystem. We may obtain your consent where required by applicable law. Our business and marketing partners will use your information in accordance with their own privacy notices.
Advertising Partners:
We may share certain personal information (including information collected through cookies) with our advertising service providers and vendors in order to advertise our Services to you. For more information on how we collect and share this information, please see the Online Advertising section below.
Corporate Transaction:
We may transfer any information we collect in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets (including any shares in the company) or any portion or combination of our products, services, businesses and/or assets. Should such a transaction occur (whether a divestiture, merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, reorganization, liquidation, change of control or similar transaction or proceeding), we will use reasonable efforts to ensure that any transferred information is treated in a manner consistent with this Privacy Notice.
Legal Obligations and Rights:
We may disclose personal information to third parties, such as legal advisors and law enforcement agencies, regulators, other authorities and other third parties for legal reasons if we reasonably believe that such action is necessary:
in connection with the establishment, exercise, or defense of legal claims;
to comply with laws or to respond to lawful requests and legal process;
to protect our rights and property and the rights, personal safety and property of others, including to enforce our agreements and policies;
to detect, suppress, or prevent fraud; or
as otherwise required by applicable law.
The Public/Other
Optimizely World Community users
: when you post content on any Optimizely World Community portion of the website: Remember, our websites allow you to connect and interact with others. In that case, your personal information may be visible to others as set out above under “Optimizely World Community”.
With Your Consent:
We may disclose personal information about an individual to certain other third parties or publicly with their consent or direction. For example, with an individual’s consent or direction we may post their testimonial on our website or service-related publications.
5. Your Control of Your Personal Information
You can manage and control our use of your personal information as outlined in this Privacy Notice.
In addition, If you have a Optimizely account with us, you have the ability to modify certain information in your account (e.g., your contact information and profile picture) through the “Settings” tab in your Optimizely log-in account. Not all personal information is maintained in a format that you can access or change. If you would like to request access to, or correction or deletion of personal information, you may send your request to us by messaging support in the support portal through your Optimizely account. We will review your request and may require you to provide additional information to identify yourself, but we do not promise that we will be able to satisfy your request.
Please direct any requests to exercise your rights to
privacy@optimizely.com
.
6. Your Control of Marketing Messages
You can manage our marketing messages to you.
Email Communications
. From time to time, we may send you emails regarding updates to our Services, products or services, notices about our organization, or information about products/services we offer that we think may be of interest to you. If you wish to unsubscribe from such emails, simply click the “unsubscribe link” provided at the bottom of the email communication.
Note that you cannot unsubscribe from certain services-related communications (e.g., account verification, confirmations of transactions, technical or legal notices).
Messaging Platforms
. We may use personal information we collect to communicate with individuals via messaging platforms (such as WhatsApp), including to market to you or offer you information and updates on products or services we think you may be interested in. You can unsubscribe from these messages at any time by replying STOP in one of our messages.
SMS Text Messaging
. We may use personal information we collect to communicate with individuals via text message, including (with your consent) to market to you or offer you information and updates on products or services we think you may be interested in. You can unsubscribe from marketing text messages at any time by replying STOP or clicking the unsubscribe link (where available) in one of our messages.
If you do not want to receive any marketing communications from us, you can also at any time go to our ‘unsubscribe’ page @
https://pages.optimizely.com/UnsubscribePage.html
Our customers are solely responsible for their own marketing emails and other communications and we cannot unsubscribe you from their communications. If you believe any of our customers or partners has engaged in unsolicited sending of mass email (or SPAM) and that they are using our Products and Services to do so, please contact our Data Protection Officer at
DPO@optimizely.com
, and the Privacy Office at
privacy@optimizely.com
.
7. How Can You Exercise Your Rights of Control?
Please direct any requests to exercise your rights to
privacy@optimizely.com
Optimizely will take steps to ensure it verifies your identity to a reasonable degree of certainty before it will process the information protection right you want to exercise. When practical and commercially reasonable, Optimizely will match personal information provided by you in submitting a request to exercise your rights with information already maintained by Optimizely. This could include matching two or more data points you provide when you submit a request with two or more data points that are already maintained by Optimizely. Optimizely will not process requests that are manifestly unfounded, excessive, fraudulent, represented by third parties without duly representing respective authority or are otherwise not required by local law.
8. Children
Our Services are not directed to, and we do not intend to, or knowingly, collect or solicit personal information from children under the age of 16. If an individual is under the age of 16, they should not use our Services or otherwise provide us with any personal information either directly or by other means. If a child under the age of 16 has provided personal information to us, we encourage the child’s parent or guardian to contact us to request that we remove the personal information from our systems. If we learn that any personal information we collect has been provided by a child under the age of 16, we will promptly delete that personal information.
9. Region-Specific Disclosures
This Privacy Notice is designed to apply to our website visitors, users of our Service, and other companies and users on a global basis. Please refer to
Schedule I
for additional disclosures that may be applicable to you:
10. Third Party Websites And Services
The Services may contain integrations or links to third party websites or services, including those of our business partners. By interacting with these third parties, you are providing information directly to the third party and not Optimizely. Please note that Optimizely is not responsible for the privacy practices of these third parties or any entity that it does not own or control. We encourage you to review the privacy notices and online terms of those third parties to learn more about how they handle your personal information.
11. EU-US, US-UK and Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework
Optimizely complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (collectively, the “
Data Privacy Frameworks”
or “
DPFs
”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce (
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
) regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred to the U.S. from the European Union (EU), United Kingdom (UK) and /or Switzerland respectively. Optimizely has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that will adhere to the DPF Principles with respect to such information (“
DPF Principles
”), and accordingly, Optimizely is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission with respect to personal information received or transferred pursuant to those Data Privacy Frameworks and the DPF Principles. Furthermore, Optimizely shall be liable to you for any third-party agent to which Optimizely transfers your personal information and that processes such personal information in a manner that violates the DPF Principles, unless Optimizely can demonstrate that it is not responsible for the resulting damages. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Notice and the DPF Principles, the DPF Principles shall prevail and govern. To learn more about any Data Privacy Framework program, and to view our certifications, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
In compliance with the Data Privacy Frameworks, Optimizely commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal information. EU, UK and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our Data Privacy Framework policy should first contact Optimizely at
privacy@optimizely.com
.
Optimizely has further committed to refer unresolved Data Privacy Framework complaints to (i) the American Arbitration Association at the International Centre for Dispute Resolution (‘ICDR AAA’) or to (ii) JAMS (
formerly known as,
Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services), as alternative dispute resolution providers. The ICDR AAA and JAMS are both located in the United States. Either is available to you, at your choice. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint from us, or if we have not reasonably addressed your complaint to your satisfaction, please visit ICDR AAA at
https://go.adr.org/dpf_irm.html
or JAMS at
https://www.jamsadr.com/dpf-dispute-resolution
for more information or to file a complaint. Those services are made available to you at no cost to you.
Alternatively, for European residents, the
EU Data Protection Authorities
(EU DPAs), and for United Kingdom residents, the
Information Commissioner’s Office
, are also available to serve as an independent recourse mechanism for the dispute resolution arising from our collection, use, and retention of your personal data transferred to the United States. You may contact your UK ICO
here
, local EU DPA
here
and for Swiss individuals, the Swiss Federal Data Protection office
here
for more information. Those services are also made available at no cost to you.
Optimizely also commits to cooperate and comply with advice of the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs), and the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning our handling of human personal data received in reliance on Data Privacy Frameworks.
In certain circumstances, the Data Privacy Frameworks provide you with the right to invoke binding arbitration by the Data Privacy Framework Panel. For more information on this option, please see refer to the DPF Principles.
12. Changes To This Privacy Notice
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Notice from time to time in our sole discretion. We will notify you about material changes in the way we treat personal information by adequately informing you via your account, by placing a prominent notice on our website, or through other appropriate communication channels. It is your responsibility to review this Privacy Notice periodically. All changes shall be effective from the date of publication unless otherwise provided.
13. Contact Us
If you have any questions or requests in connection with this Privacy Notice or other privacy-related matters, please send an email to
privacy@optimizely.com
.
Region Specific Disclosures
________________________________________________
Where Optimizely is subject to privacy requirements in the EU, EEA and other GDPR relevant countries, and the United Kingdom and Switzerland
.
Optimizely Group maintains operations in Europe and may direct our services to individuals located in the EEA, UK and Switzerland. In these instances, the following additional disclosures apply to our processing of personal information. When we use the term “
personal data
”, we mean personal information – that is, information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person.
Controllers.
Subject to your location, either Optimizely North America Inc or Optimizely AB. is the controller of your personal data. In addition, the Optimizely Group entities are each jointly responsible with Optimizely North America Inc and Optimizely AB to process your personal data for the following reasons: to perform our contractual services, as further described below.
Legal Bases For The Processing
.
Regularly, we use your personal data based on the following legal grounds according to the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (the “
EU GDPR
”) or, where applicable, the “
UK GDPR
” as it forms part of the law of England and Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland by virtue of section 3 of the UK European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 GDPR:
Perform our contractual services, including prior to entering into a contract with you
: If you order Services from us or if you contact us to request our Services, we use your personal data to provide you with these Services, including for account and contract management, to facilitate user benefits and services, including customer support, and evaluate your candidacy for employment and to facilitate the onboarding process.
Justified by our legitimate interests
: The usage of your personal data may also be necessary for our own business interests. For example, we may use some of your personal data to send gifts to you; market our Services to individuals; administer, improve and personalize our Services, including by recognizing an individual and remembering their information when they return to our Services and analyzing our client-base; Process payment for our Services; conduct market research; opportunity tracking, conversion and lead generation; test, enhance, update and monitor the Services, or diagnose or fix technology problems; help maintain the safety, security and integrity of our property and Services, technology assets and business; enforce our
Website Terms of Use
and other online terms for our Services resolve disputes, carry out our obligations and enforce our rights, and protect our business interests and the interests and rights of third parties; and prevent, investigate or provide notice of fraud or unlawful or criminal activity.
Consent
: In some cases, we may ask you to grant us separate consent to use your personal data.
Compliance with legal obligations
. We are obligated to retain certain personal data because of legal requirements, for example, tax or commercial laws, or we may be required by law enforcement to provide personal data on request. We do not use your personal data for automated individual decision-making.
How Long Will We Store Your Personal Data.
We will usually store the personal data we collect about you for no longer than necessary for the purposes as set above, and in accordance with our legal obligations and legitimate business interests. The criteria used to determine the period for which personal data about you will be retained varies depending on the legal basis under which we process the personal data:
Contract
.Where we are processing personal data is based on contract, we generally will retain your personal data for the duration of the contract plus some additional limited period of time that is necessary to comply with law or that represents the statute of limitations for legal claims that could arise from our contractual relationship.
Legitimate Interests
.Where we are processing personal data based on our legitimate interests, we generally will retain such information for a reasonable period of time based on the particular interest, taking into account your fundamental interests and your rights and freedoms.
Consent
.Where we are processing personal data based on your consent, we generally will retain your personal data until you withdraw your consent, or otherwise for the period of time necessary to fulfil the underlying agreement with you or provide you with the applicable service for which we process that personal data.
Legal Obligation
.Where we are processing personal data based on a legal obligation, we generally will retain your personal data for the period of time necessary to fulfil the legal obligation.
Legal Claim
. We may need to apply a “legal hold” that retains information beyond our typical retention period where we face threat of legal claim or intent to establish a claim. In that case, we will retain the information until the hold is removed, which typically means the claim or threat of claim has been resolved.
In all cases, in addition to the purposes and legal bases, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal data, as well as the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal data.
Marketing And Advertising
.
From time to time we may contact you with information about our services, including sending you marketing messages and asking for your feedback on our Services. Most marketing messages we send will be by email or via messaging platform. For some marketing messages, we may use personal data we collect about you to help us determine the most relevant marketing information to share with you. We may send you marketing messages if you have given us your consent to do so or where we have relied on the soft opt-in rule (where applicable). If you wish to unsubscribe from such communication, please see the details set out under “Your Rights In Respect Of Your Personal Data”.
Storing And Transferring Your Personal Data
Security
.
We implement appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect your personal data against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, change or damage. All personal data we collect will be stored by our cloud hosting provider on secure servers. We will never send you unsolicited emails or contact you by phone requesting credit or debit card information.
International Transfers of your Personal data
. The personal data we collect may be transferred to and stored in countries outside the EEA, UK and Switzerland in countries where we and our third-party service providers have operations, including in the United States, where Optimizely North America Inc. is located. In the event of a transfer by Optimizely, we ensure that: (i) the personal data is transferred to countries recognized as offering an equivalent level of protection; or (ii) the transfer is made pursuant to appropriate safeguards, such as standard contractual clauses adopted by the European Commission. If you wish to enquire further about these safeguards used, please contact us using the details set out under the Contact Us section of the main Privacy Notice.
Your Rights In Respect Of Your Personal Data.
In accordance with applicable privacy law, you may have the following rights in respect of your personal data that we hold:
Right of access
. You have the right to obtain certain information about our processing of your personal data which includes:
confirmation of whether, and where, we are processing your personal data;
information about the categories of personal data we are processing, the purposes for which we process your personal data and information as to how we determine applicable retention periods;
information about the categories of recipients with whom we may share your personal data; and
a copy of the personal data we hold about you.
Right of portability
. You have the right, in certain circumstances, to receive a copy of the personal data you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format that supports re-use, or to request the transfer of your personal data to another person.
Right to rectification
. You have the right to obtain rectification of any inaccurate or incomplete personal data we hold about you without undue delay.
Right to erasure
. You have the right, in some circumstances, to require us to erase your personal data without undue delay, such as if the continued processing of that personal data is not justified.
Right to restriction
. You have the right, in some circumstances, to require us to limit the purposes for which we process your personal data, such as where the accuracy of the personal data is contested by you.
Right to withdraw consent
. There are certain circumstances where we require your consent to process your personal data. In these instances, and if you have provided consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. If you withdraw your consent, this will not affect the lawfulness of our use of your personal data before your withdrawal.
Right to Object
. You also have the right to object to any processing based on our legitimate interests where there are grounds relating to your particular situation. There may be compelling reasons for continuing to process your personal data, and we will assess and inform you if that is the case. You can object to marketing activities for any reason at any time
.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint to your local data protection authority. If you are based in the EU, information about how to contact your local data protection authority is available
here
. If you are based in the UK or Switzerland, your local data protection authorities are the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (
https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/
) and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (
https://www.edoeb.admin.ch/edoeb/en/home/deredoeb/kontakt.html
).
If you wish to exercise one of these rights, please submit a request by completing our
Privacy Rights Request Form
. You can also always contact our Data Protection Officer at
DPO@optimizely.com
, and the Privacy Office at
privacy@optimizely.com
.
.
Due to the confidential nature of data processing, we may ask you to provide proof of identity when exercising the above rights.
Cookies And Similar Technologies.
Our European Services and emails use cookies and similar technologies such as pixels and Local Storage Objects (LSOs) like HTML5 (together “
cookies
”) to distinguish you from other users of our Services. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you use our Services and also allows us to monitor and analyse how you use and interact with our Services so that we can continue to improve our Services. It also helps us and our partners to determine products and services that may be of interest to you. Please see our
Cookie Notice
for more information about these practices and your choices regarding cookies. You can also always contact the Privacy Office at
privacy@optimizely.com
for more information.
________________________________________________
Where Optimizely is subject to privacy requirements in the United States, the following also applies.
U.S. Children’s Privacy
.
Optimizely does not knowingly collect the personal information of children under the age of 13. If you are a parent or guardian and believe Optimizely collected information about a child, please contact Optimizely as described in “Contact Us” section of the main Privacy Notice. Optimizely will take steps to delete the information as soon as possible. Given that Optimizely websites and online services are not directed to users under 16 years of age and in accordance with the disclosure requirements of the CCPA, Optimizely does not sell the personal information of any minors under 16 years of age.
California residents.
These California disclosure provide additional information about how we collect, use, disclose and otherwise process personal information of individual residents of the State of California, either online or offline, within the scope of the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act (collectively, the “
CCPA
”) – (“
CA Disclosures
”). Unless otherwise expressly stated, all terms in these CA Disclosures have the same meaning as defined in our Privacy Notice or as otherwise defined in the CCPA. When we use the term “personal information” in this CA Disclosure, we mean information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household.
Collection and Use of Your Personal Information
.
Optimizely collects personal information from and about you for a variety of purposes, as described in previous sections of this Privacy Notice.
Categories of Personal Information Collected
.
In the last 12 months, we have collected the following categories of personal information: (i) identifiers, such as your first, middle and last name, email address, username, or other similar identifiers; (ii) CA customer categories, such as your name, phone number, and postal address; (iii) commercial information, such as records of services purchased, obtained or considered; (iv) internet/network Information, such as device information, logs and analytics data; (v) geolocation data, such as approximate location data generated based on your IP address or other information; (vi) sensory information, such as recordings of any phone calls or video calls (with your permission, as applicable) between you and Optimizely; (vii) professional/employment information, such as the business or organization you represent, your title with that business or organization and information relating to your role with the business or organization, job application information and other details contained in your resume; (viii) inferences about your interests and preferences, generated from your use of our sites; and (ix) other personal information, including information you submit into the feedback form and any communications between you and Optimizely, as well as information we receive from social networking sites. We collect this information from the following sources: (i) directly from you, (ii) from our business partners and affiliates, (iii) from your browser or device when you visit and / access and use any of our Services, or (iv) from third parties that you permit to share information with us. Please see the
What Personal Information Does Optimizely Collect And Use, And How Do We Collect It
section above for more information about the sources of personal information we collect.
Disclosure of Personal Information
. Optimizely may share your personal information with third parties for business purposes. The categories of third parties to whom we disclose your personal information for a business purpose include: (i) within the Optimizely Group; (ii) our service providers and advisors; (iii) analytics providers; (iv) marketing and strategic partners; and (v) social networks. In the previous 12 months, we have disclosed all of the categories of personal information we collect, explained in the
Collection and Use of Personal Information
section above, to third parties for a business purpose, as described in the
What Purposes Does Optimizely Use Your Personal Information, What Personal Information Does Optimizely Collect, Use and How we Collect It,
and
Who May We Share your Personal Information
sections in this Privacy Notice.
Sale Of Personal Information.
As further described in the
What Purposes Does Optimizely Use Your Personal Information, What Personal Information Does Optimizely Collect, Use and How we Collect,
and
Who May We Share your Personal Information
sections of the Privacy Notice, we may “sell” or “share” your personal information (as those terms are defined by the CCPA) to third parties, subject to your right to opt out of those sales or sharing (see the
Exercise Your Right To Opt Out
section below). In the last 12 months, we have sold or shared the following categories of personal information for the purposes described in our Privacy Notice, subject to your settings and preferences and your Right to Opt-Out: (i) identifiers, such as your name and email address, (ii) CA customer categories, such as your name and phone number, and (iii) commercial information, such as records of services purchased, obtained or considered. The categories of third parties to whom we may sell or share the personal information include: (A) business and marketing partners, (B) online advertising networks and analytics providers, and (C) Social Networks. We may also disclose personal information to third parties at your direction or upon your request, in connection with a corporate business transaction, or to comply with legal or contractual obligations, as described in our Privacy Notice.
Your California Privacy Rights
.
As a California resident, you may be able to exercise the following rights in relation to the personal information that we have collected about you (subject to certain limitations at law): (A) The Right to Access/Know, (B) The Right to Request Deletion, (C) The Right to Correction, (D) The Right to Opt-Out of Sales or Sharing of Personal Information, (E) The Right to Limit Use and Disclosure of Personal Information, (F) The Right to Control Over Automated Decision-Making / Profiling, (G) The Right to Non-Retaliation, and (H) to “Shine the Light”.
Your Right to Access/Know
means that you have the right to request any or all of the following information relating to your personal information we have collected and disclosed in the last 12 months, upon verification of your identity: (i) the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you; (ii) the categories of personal information we have collected about you; (iii) the categories of sources of the personal information; (iv) the categories of personal information that we have disclosed to third parties for a business purpose, and the categories of recipients to whom this information was disclosed; (v) the categories of personal information we have sold about you (if any), and the categories of third parties to whom the information was sold; and (vi) the business or commercial purposes for collecting or, if applicable, selling the personal information.
Your Right to Request Deletion means you have the right to request the deletion of personal information we have collected from you, subject to certain exceptions.
Your Right to Correction means you have the right to request that any inaccuracies in your personal information be corrected, taking into account the nature of the personal information and the purposes of the processing of your personal information.
Your Right to Opt-Out of Sales or Sharing of Personal Information means you have the right to direct us not to “sell” your personal information to third parties for monetary or other valuable consideration, or “share” your personal information to third parties for cross-context behavioural advertising purposes. If you are under the age of 16, you have the right to opt in, or to have a parent or guardian opt in on your behalf, to such sales.
Your Right to Limit Use and Disclosure of Personal Information means you have the right to direct us to limit the use of your sensitive personal information to certain purposes, subject to certain exceptions.
Your Right to Control Over Automated Decision-Making / Profiling means you have the right to direct us not to use automated decision-making or profiling for certain purposes.
Your Right to Non-Retaliation means you have the right not to receive retaliatory or discriminatory treatment for exercising these rights. However, please note that if the exercise of these rights limits our ability to process personal information (such as in the case of a deletion request), we may no longer be able to provide you our products and services or engage with you in the same manner.
Your “Shine the Light” right means that California residents that have an established business relationship with us have rights to know how their information is disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes under California’s “Shine the Light” law, or the right to opt out of such practices (Civ. Code §1798.83).
How To Exercise Your California Privacy Rights.
To exercise your Right to Access, Right to Know, Right to Correction, or your Right to Deletion: please submit a request by completing our
Privacy Rights Request Form
. You can also always contact our Data Protection Officer at
DPO@optimizely.com
, and the Privacy Office at
privacy@optimizely.com
.
Before processing your request, we will need to verify your identity and confirm you are a resident of the State of California. In order to verify your identity, we will generally either require the successful authentication of your account, or the matching of sufficient information you provide us to the information we maintain about you in our systems. This process may require us to request additional personal information from you, including, but not limited to, your email address, phone number, and/or date of last transaction on our Services.
In certain circumstances, we may decline a request to exercise the rights described above, particularly where we are unable to verify your identity or locate your information in our systems. If we are unable to comply with all or a portion of your request, we will explain the reasons for declining to comply with the request.
Exercise Your Right to Opt-Out of Personal Information Sales or Sharing for Targeted Advertising.
Unless you have exercised your Right to Opt-Out, we may disclose or “sell” your personal information to third parties for monetary or other valuable consideration, or “share” your personal information to third parties for cross-context behavioural advertising purposes. The third parties to whom we sell or share personal information may use such information for their own purposes in accordance with their own privacy policies. You do not need to create an account with us to exercise your Right to Opt-Out. However, we may ask you to provide additional personal information so that we can properly identify you to track compliance with your opt-out request. We will only use personal information provided in an opt-out request to review and comply with the request. If you choose not to provide this information, we may only be able to process your request to the extent we are able to identify you in our data systems. To exercise the Right to Opt-Out of personal information “sales,” you may submit a request as outlined below Additionally, as is common practice among companies that operate online, we permit third party advertising networks, social media companies and other third party businesses to collect and disclose your personal information (including preferences, geolocation, commercial information and internet, network and device information) directly from your browser or device through cookies or tracking technologies when you visit or interact with our websites, use our apps or otherwise engage with us. These third parties use this information for the purposes of serving ads that are more relevant, for ad campaign measurement and analytics, and for fraud detection and reporting and may sell or share that information to other businesses for advertising and other purposes. To learn more about how third parties collect information through tracking technologies and what other choices you may have in relation to those activities, please see our
Cookie Notice
.
To exercise the Right to Opt-Out of the sharing of your personal information for cross-context behavioural advertising purposes (targeted advertising).
You may submit a request by completing our
Privacy Rights Request Form
, and you can also always contact our Data Protection Officer at
DPO@optimizely.com
, and the Privacy Office at
privacy@optimizely.com
.
Authorized Agents.
In certain circumstances, you may permit an authorized agent to submit requests to exercise your California Privacy Rights on your behalf. The authorized agent must provide a letter signed by you confirming the agent has permission to submit a request on your behalf or must provide sufficient evidence to show that the authorized agent has been lawfully vested with power of attorney. For security purposes, we may need to verify your identity and confirm directly with you that you have provided the authorized agent permission to submit the request, and it may take additional time to fulfil agent-submitted requests. We may deny a request in the event we are not able to verify the authorized agent’s authority to act on your behalf. Please note that for privacy and security reasons, we will direct future communications to the data subject on whose behalf the request was made.
“Shine the Light” Disclosures.
The California “Shine the Light” law gives residents of California the right under certain circumstances to request information from us regarding the manner in which we share certain categories of personal information (as defined in the Shine the Light law) with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To opt out of this type of sharing, please submit a request by completing our
Privacy Rights Request Form
, and you can also always contact our Data Protection Officer at
DPO@optimizely.com
, and the Privacy Office at
privacy@optimizely.com
.
Notice of Financial Incentives.
In addition, we may offer you financial incentives for the collection, sale, retention, and use of your personal information as permitted by the CCPA that can, without limitation, result in reasonably different prices, rates, or quality levels. The material aspects of any financial incentive will be explained and described in its program terms. Please note that participating in incentive programs is entirely optional, you will have to affirmatively opt-in to the program and you can opt-out of each program (i.e., terminate participation and forgo the ongoing incentives) prospectively by following the instructions in the applicable program description and terms. We may add or change incentive programs, and/or their terms by posting notice on the program descriptions and terms linked to above, so check them regularly. Each financial incentive or price or service difference related to the collection and use of personal information is based upon our reasonable, good-faith determination of the estimated value of such information to our business, taking into consideration the value of the offer itself and the anticipated revenue generation that may be realized by rewarding brand loyalty. We calculate the value of the offer and financial incentive by using the expense related to the offer.
Minors.
We do not sell the personal information and do not have actual knowledge that we sell the personal information of minors under 16 years of age. Please contact us at
privacy@optimizely.com
, to inform us if you, or your minor child, are under the age of 16. If you are under the age of 18 and you want to remove your name or comments from our website or publicly displayed content, please contact us directly at
privacy@optimizely.com
. We may not be able to modify or delete your information in all circumstances.
Nevada residents.
This Nevada disclosure provide additional information about how we collect, use, disclose and otherwise process personal information of individual residents of the State of Nevada, either online or offline, within the scope of the Chapter 603A of the Nevada Revised Statutes – (“
NV Disclosures
”). Unless otherwise expressly stated, all terms in these NV Disclosures have the same meaning as defined in our Privacy Notice or as otherwise defined in the Chapter 603A. Chapter 603A of the Nevada Revised Statutes permits a Nevada resident to opt out of future sales of certain covered information that a website operator has collected or will collect about the resident. To opt out of this kind of future sales, please submit a request by completing our,
Privacy Rights Request Form
, and you can also always contact our Data Protection Officer at
DPO@optimizely.com
, and the Privacy Office at
privacy@optimizely.com
.
Colorado, Connecticut, Utah and Virginia residents.
In accordance with applicable privacy law and the jurisdiction in Colorado, Connecticut, Utah and Virginia
,
residents of those states may be able to exercise some or all of the rights as detailed under the CA Disclosures in respect of your personal information that we have collected (subject to certain limitations at law).
________________________________________________
Where Optimizely may be subject to privacy requirements in Australia, the following also applies.
Australian residents.
These additional disclosures for Australian residents (“
Australian Disclosures
”) supplement the information contained in our Privacy Notice and applies solely to individuals lawfully resident in Australia (“
you
”). These Australian Disclosures provide additional information about how we collect, use, disclose and otherwise process personal information of individuals in Australia, either online or offline, within the Australian Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) and the Australian Privacy Principles (“
APPs
”) found in Schedule 1 of the Privacy Act. Unless otherwise expressly stated, all terms in these Australian Disclosures have the same meaning as defined in our Privacy Notice or as otherwise defined in the Privacy Act. When we use the term “personal information” in this Australian Disclosures notice, we mean information or an opinion about an identified individual or an individual who is reasonably identifiable, whether the information or opinion: (i) is true or not; and (ii) is recorded in a material form or not.
How We Collect Your Australian Personal Information.
The various ways in which your personal information is collected are described in the main Privacy Notice. We may also collect your personal information if we record any phone calls or video calls (with your permission) between you and Optimizely.
Overseas Transfers From Australian Of Your Personal Information.
Your personal information may be transferred to and stored in locations outside Australia where we and our third-party service providers have operations, including in the United States, where Optimizely North America Inc. is located, United Kingdom, where Optimizely Ltd is located, and Sweden, where Optimizely AB is located. In the event of a transfer by Optimizely to a location outside Australia, we ensure that: (i) personal information is transferred to countries recognised as having an equivalent level of privacy protection to Australia; or (ii) the transfer is made pursuant to appropriate safeguards, such as contractual obligations.
Storing Your Australian Personal Information.
We implement appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect your personal information against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, change or damage. All personal information we collect will be stored by our cloud hosting provider on secure servers. We will never send you unsolicited emails or contact you by phone requesting credit or debit card information.
YOUR AUSTRALIAN PRIVACY RIGHTS.
You have various rights under the APPs.
You have the right to request access to and/or the correction of your personal information held by Optimizely. You can exercise these rights by contacting our Privacy Office at
privacy@optimizely.com
. We will respond to your request within a reasonable time. If your request is refused, you will be provided with written reasons for the refusal and information about the mechanisms you can use to complain about the refusal.
To exercise your right to access, right to know, right to correction, or your right to deletion: please submit a request by completing our
Privacy Rights Request Form
.
You have the right to make a privacy complaint to our Privacy Office at
privacy@optimizely.com
. Our Privacy Office will first consider your complaint to determine whether there are simple or immediate steps which can be taken to resolve the complaint. Our Privacy Office will endeavour to complete the investigation into your complaint promptly. You may be asked to provide further information about your complaint and the outcome you are seeking. Our Privacy Office will then typically gather relevant facts, locate and review relevant documents, and speak with individuals involved. In most cases, our Privacy Office will investigate and provide a written response to your complaint within 30 days of receipt of the complaint. If the matter is more complex or the investigation may take longer, our Privacy Office will let you know.If you are not satisfied with Optimizely’s response to your complaint, a complaint may be made to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (“
OAIC
”). The OAIC can be contacted by telephone on 1300 363 992 or by using the contact details on the website
www.oaic.gov.au
.
Your privacy
We use cookies to improve your experience, including to personalise content, provide useful features, analyse traffic, and measure ad performance.
By closing this banner, you agree to our use of cookies.
See more details in our policy
Settings
Reject All
Accept all
Sub-policy 3
https://heap.io/privacy:
skip to content
Over 10,000 businesses trust Heap to power their analytics. Maintaining that trust is our paramount concern.
This page gives you access to relevant information regarding our approach to privacy, security, and compliance.
Categories
Trust Portal
Sub-Processors List
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Data Subjet Request
Sample Cookie Description
Heap's Status
Heap Privacy Policy
Last Updated: September, 2024
Global Privacy Policy
European Privacy Policy
Data Privacy Framework Notice
California Privacy Notice
HEAP GLOBAL PRIVACY POLICY
Welcome and thank you for your interest in Heap Inc., a member of the Contentsquare Group of companies, who are listed
at this link
, (“
Heap
”, “
we
”, “
our
” or “
us
”).
Heap is a SaaS  product analytics platform. We allow our customers to collect and analyze data about how their visitors are interacting with their website and mobile application to optimize performance of product usage, diagnose problems in our customer’s visitor experience, and correlate our customer’s visitor activity with long-term value. Heap does this by collecting data on what visitors are doing, including but not limited to what webpages they visit, what visitors click on, where those visitors are located, what browser or platform those visitors are using, and other  types of behavioral data.
When we use the term “
personal information
” in this Privacy Policy, we mean information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person.
This Privacy Policy explains how information about you is collected, used and disclosed by Heap when you visit our website
https://heap.io/
(the “
Site
”), and/or use our SaaS product and related services (collectively, the “
Service
”).
Heap as a Data Controller:
For purposes of data protection laws, Heap Inc., a company duly incorporated and organized under the laws of United States of America, having its registered address at 225 Bush St. 2nd Floor, San Francisco, CA 94104, is the “data controller” and is generally responsible for and controls the processing of your personal information collected through your use of our Service. This Privacy Policy applies only to instances where Heaps acts as a data controller.
Heap as a Data Processor:
Wherever our customers use our Service to submit, manage, or otherwise use content relating to our customers’ end users during the provision of our Service, we act as a “data processor” and have contractually committed ourselves, including by signing data processing agreements, to only process such information on behalf and under the instruction of the respective customer, who is the data controller, and as provided for under the contractual agreements we sign with them. As such, this Privacy Policy does not apply to such processing.
GLOBAL APPLICABILITY AND REGION-SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES
This Privacy Policy is designed to apply to our Site visitors, users of our Service and other companies and users on a global basis. We may choose or be required by law to provide additional disclosures relating to the processing of personal information in certain countries, regions or states. Please refer below for disclosures that may be applicable to you:
California:
If you are a California resident, please see the
Privacy Disclosures for California Residents
section below for additional California-specific privacy disclosures, including the categories of personal information we process, our “sale” / “sharing” disclosures, and your rights under California law.
Nevada:
Chapter 603A of the Nevada Revised Statutes permits a Nevada resident to opt out of future sales of certain covered information that a website operator has collected or will collect about the resident. Note we do not sell your personal information within the meaning of Chapter 603A. However, if you would still like to submit such a request, please submit a request via our
Data Subject Request Webform
.
European Economic Area, United Kingdom or Switzerland:
If you are located in the European Economic Area (“
EEA
”), United Kingdom or Switzerland, or otherwise engage with Heap’s European operations, please see the
Privacy Disclosures for the European Economic Area, United Kingdom and Switzerland
section below for additional European-specific privacy disclosures, including what constitutes your personal data, the lawful bases we rely on to process your personal data, and your rights in respect of your personal data.
1. INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND OUR USE
We collect personal information in connection with your visits to and use of our Site and Service. This collection includes information that you provide to us, information from third parties, and information that is collected automatically such as through the use of cookies and other technologies.
Information That You Provide
We collect personal information from you. The categories of information we collect can include:
Service Inquiries, Free Trial, or Demo Requests.
We may collect personal information that you provide when you inquire about our Service or request a free trial or demo. This information may include your business information, including your first name, last name, email, phone number, company, company size, industry type, and any other information you provide, including your interests in relation to our Service or applicable business information. We use this information to communicate with you about your inquiry or interests, provide the free trial or demo, or schedule an information call to discuss our Service.
Registration information.
We collect personal and/or business information that you provide when you register for an account to use our Service. This information may include your name, email, and password. We use this information to administer your account, provide you with the relevant services and information, communicate with you regarding your account, the Service, and for customer support purposes.
Payment information.
If you sign up for our Service, we collect the information provided in connection with your payment. Please note that we use third party payment processors to process payments made to us. As such, we do not retain any personally identifiable financial information such as credit card numbers. Rather, all such information is provided directly by you to our third-party processor. The payment processor’s use of your personal information is governed by their Privacy Policy.
Marketing Emails and Blog Subscription.
If you consent to receive marketing emails from us, or subscribe to our blog, we collect your personal information, and applicable interests and communication preferences in order to send you regular updates about the Service and other information about Heap. We use this information to manage our communications with you and send you information about products and services we think may be of interest to you. To unsubscribe from marketing emails, please follow the instructions within our messages and review the
Control Over Your Information
section below. Note that you cannot unsubscribe from certain services-related email communications (e.g., account verification, confirmations of transactions, technical or legal notices).
Communications.
If you communicate with us through any paper or electronic form, we may collect your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, or any other personal information you choose to provide to us. We use this information to investigate and respond to your inquiries, and to communicate with you, to enhance the services we offer to our users and to manage and grow our organization.
Events, Surveys, and Promotions.
If you fill out any forms relating to Heap events, surveys, contests, sweepstakes, or other promotional events, we collect your contact and demographic information, and any other information requested on the form or at sign up. We use this information to fulfill the purpose of the form or sign up, facilitate the event, survey, contest, sweepstakes, and promotion, and, if you consent, to inform you about future programs that may be of interest to you.
Employment Applications.
If you apply for employment, we collect your contact and demographic information, educational and work history, employment interests, information obtained during interviews and any other information you choose to provide. We use the information provided to evaluate your candidacy for employment, to communicate with you during the application process, to facilitate the onboarding process, and, if you consent, to consider your application for alternative positions.
You are free to choose which personal information you want to provide to us or whether you want to provide us with personal information at all. However, some information, such as your name, address, payment transaction information, and information on your requested services may be necessary for the performance of our contractual obligations.
Automatic Data Collection
We and our third-party providers and partners collect certain personal information automatically when you visit or interact with our Site and Service:
Log
Data
: Including your internet protocol (IP) address, operating system, browser type, browser ID, the URL you entered and the referring page/campaign, date/time of your visit, the time you spent on our Service and any errors that may occur during your visit. Please note that our systems may also record personal information that you type into our websites and Service even if you do not choose to submit it.
Analytics
Data
: Including the electronic path you take to our Service, through and when exiting our Service, as well as your usage and activity on our Service, such as the links, objects, products and benefits you view, click or otherwise interact with (also known as “
Clickstream Data
”). Our emails may also contain tracking pixels that identify if and when you have opened an email that we have sent you, how many times you have read it and whether you have clicked on any links in that email. This helps us measure the effectiveness of our marketing email campaigns, make the emails we send to you more relevant to your interests and to understand if you have opened and read any important administrative emails we might send you.
Location
Data
: Including your general geographic location based on the Log Data we collect.
Application
Data
: Some of our services offer mobile or browser applications to allow you to take advantage of our service offerings on the go and/or when visiting third-party websites and other online services. Certain of these applications also allow us to access more precise Location Data about you and collect information about your use and interactions with third-party websites and online services (including the products or services you are interested in or purchase) to better serve you.
For information about our, and our third-party providers and partners’, use of cookies and related technologies to collect information automatically on our online services, and the choices you may have in relation to those practices, please visit our Cookies Policy
here
.
Information from Third Party Sources
We may receive personal information about you from our business partners and service providers and combine this information with other data we collect from you. The third parties may include website and service operators, payment processors, marketing partners, and shipping providers. The information may include contact information, demographic information, information about your communications and related activities, and information about your purchase orders. We may use this information to administer and facilitate our Service, your subscriptions, and our marketing activities.
Account Creation / Single Sign-On.
We may use single sign-on ("
SSO
") to allow a user to authenticate their account through their work email. We do this by using OAuth authentication (similar methods), a secure mechanism to give Heap access to your account data without letting us know your password. We will have access to certain information from those third parties in accordance with the authorization procedures determined by those third parties, including, for example, your username, password, name, email address, and profile picture. We use this information to operate, maintain, and provide to you the features and functionality of the Service. We may also send you service-related emails or messages (e.g., account verification, purchase confirmation, customer support, changes, or updates to features of the App, technical and security notices).
Social Media.
When you interact with our Site through various social media (LinkedIn, X, Facebook, YouTube), such as when you click on the social media icon on the Site, follow us on a social media site, or post a comment to one of our pages, we may receive information from the social network such as your profile information, profile picture, gender, username, user ID associated with your social media account, age range, language, country, and any other information you permit the social network to share with third parties. We use this information to provide you with interactive functionalities between our Site and social media networks, as well as to communicate directly with you, such as to send you email messages about the Service that may be of interest to you. For more information on how the social media networks process your personal information when you use their network, please refer to their respective privacy policies:
LinkedIn:
LinkedIn Corporation, 1000 W. Maude Ave. Sunnyvale, CA 94085, USA;
Privacy Policy
,
Cookie Policy
.
X:
X Corp., 1355 Market St, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA;
Privacy Policy
,
Cookie Policy
.
Facebook:
Meta Platforms, Inc., 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA;
Privacy Policy
,
Cookie Policy
.
YouTube:
Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA, 94043, USA;
Privacy Policy
,
Cookie Policy
.
Information from Other Sources.
We may obtain information from other sources, including through third-party information providers, customers, public sources, or through transactions such as mergers and acquisitions. We may combine this information with other information we collect from or about you. In these cases, our Privacy Policy governs the handling of the combined personal information. We use this information to operate, maintain, and provide to you the features and functionality of the Service, as well as to communicate directly with you, such as to send you email messages about products and services that may be of interest to you.
Other Uses of Personal Information
In addition to the uses described above, we may collect and use personal information for the following purposes:
For our business activities, including to operate the Service and to provide you with the features and functionality of the Service;
To communicate with you and respond to your requests, such as to respond to your questions, contact you about changes to the Service, and communicate about account related matters;
For marketing and advertising purposes, such as to market to you or offer you with information and updates on our Service we think that you may be interested in. While we may use your personal information in this manner, please note that we do not use user content to serve you ads, and we will never share user content with any third parties for marketing or advertising purposes, unless you have explicitly submitted it to us for that purpose;
For analytics, development, and research purposes to improve, develop, and optimize the use, function, and performance of the Site and Service;
To enforce our
Master Services Agreement
, to resolve disputes, to carry out our obligations and enforce our rights, and to protect our business interests and the interests and rights of Heap, you, or third parties;
To comply with contractual and legal obligations and requirements, including to respond to privacy requests or requests/communications from regulators, law enforcement authorities, or other governmental officials;
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide personal information; and
For any other lawful purpose, or other purpose that you consent to.
2. HOW AND TO WHOM WE SHARE PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may also share, transmit, disclose, grant access to, make available, and provide personal information with and to third parties, as described below.
Service Providers.
We share personal information with third party contractors and service providers who perform services on our behalf, which are subject to reasonable confidentiality terms, and which may include processing payments, providing web hosting services, technology support providers, email communications providers, analytics providers, data storage providers, and web and video hosting providers and developers.
Business Partners.
We may disclose personal information to our business partners for transactional and marketing purposes, including to promote their products or services if you consent. We may also share your personal information with other third parties who may have products or services we think you may enjoy.
Online Advertising Partners.
We also share personal information with advertising networks or permit these partners to collect information from you directly on our websites to facilitate online advertising, such as search engines and social network advertising providers to serve targeted ads to you or to groups of other users who share similar traits, such as likely commercial interests and demographics, on third-party platforms. For more information, including how to opt out of interest-based advertising, please see our Cookie Policy
here
.
Contentsquare Group.
We may share, disclose and transfer your personal information with Contentsquare Group for all purposes mentioned above.
Corporate Transaction.
We may transfer to third-parties any information we collect in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets (including any shares in the company) or any portion or combination of our products, services, businesses and/or assets. Should such a transaction occur (whether a divestiture, merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, reorganization, liquidation, or similar transaction or proceeding), we will use reasonable efforts to ensure that any transferred information is treated in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Legal Requirements.
We may share your information with third parties, including government authorities or public authorities, courts, intergovernmental or supranational bodies, as required by law or subpoena or if we reasonably believe that such action is necessary to (a) comply with the law and the reasonable requests of law enforcement; (b) to enforce our
Master Services Agreement
or other agreements or to protect the security or integrity of the Heap services, including to prevent harm or financial loss, or in connection with preventing fraud or illegal activity; and/or (c) to exercise or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Heap, our Customers, visitors, or others.
With Your Consent.
We may disclose your information publicly or with another third party with your prior authorization.
3. HOW LONG WILL WE STORE YOUR INFORMATION
We will usually keep the personal information we collect about you for no longer than necessary for the purposes set out in Section 1, in accordance with our legal obligations and legitimate business interests.
The criteria used to determine the period for which personal information about you will be retained varies depending on the legal basis under which we process the personal information:
Legitimate Interests.
Where we are processing personal information based on our legitimate interests, we generally will retain such information for a reasonable period of time based on the particular interest, taking into account the fundamental interests and the rights and freedoms of data subjects.
Consent.
Where we are processing personal information based on your consent, we generally will retain the information until you withdraw your consent, or otherwise for the period of time necessary to fulfill the underlying agreement with you or provide you with the applicable service for which we process that personal information.
Contract.
Where we are processing personal information based on contract, we generally will retain the information for the duration of the contract plus some additional limited period of time that is necessary to comply with law or that represents the statute of limitations for legal claims that could arise from the contractual relationship.
Legal Obligation.
Where we are processing personal information based on a legal obligation, we generally will retain the information for the period of time necessary to fulfill the legal obligation.
Legal Claim.
We may need to apply a “legal hold” that retains information beyond our typical retention period where we face a threat of legal claim.  In that case, we will retain the information until the hold is removed, which typically means the claim or threat of claim has been resolved.
In all cases, in addition to the purposes and legal bases, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal information, as well as the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal information.
4. CONTROL OVER YOUR INFORMATION
Email Communications.
From time to time, we may send you emails regarding updates to our Service, products or services, notices about our organization, or information about products/services we offer (or promotional offers from third parties) that we think may be of interest to you. If you wish to unsubscribe from such emails, simply click the “unsubscribe link” provided at the bottom of the email communication. Note that you cannot unsubscribe from certain services-related email communications (e.g., account verification, confirmations of transactions, technical or legal notices).
Modifying Account Information.
If you have an online account with us, you have the ability to modify certain information in your account (e.g., your contact information) through the [“profile,” “account,” “settings,” or “preferences”] options provided on the Site. If you would like to request access to, or correction or deletion of personal information, you may send your request to us at the email provided below. .
How to Control Push Notifications.
You can stop receiving push notifications from us by changing your preferences in the iOS or Android notifications settings menu.
5.
LINKS TO THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES AND SERVICES
For your convenience, our Service may provide links to third-party websites or services that we do not own or operate. We are not responsible for the practices employed by any websites or services linked to or from our Service, including the information or content contained within them. Your browsing and interaction on any other website or service are subject to the applicable third party’s rules and policies, not ours. If you are using a third-party website or service, you do so at your own risk. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any site or service before providing any personal information.
6. CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
Our services are not intended for children under the age of 16. We do not knowingly solicit or collect personal information from children under the age of 16. If we learn that any personal information has been collected inadvertently from a child under 16, we will delete the information as soon as possible. If you believe that we might have collected information from a child under 16, please contact us via our Data Subject Request Form
here
.
7. CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time in our sole discretion. We will notify you about material changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account, by placing a prominent notice on our Site, or through other appropriate communication channels. It is your responsibility to review this Privacy Policy periodically. All changes shall be effective from the date of publication unless otherwise provided.
8. CONTACT US
For additional inquiries about this Privacy Policy, please send us an email at
privacy@contentsquare.com
or contact us at:
Heap, Inc.
53 Beach St, 6th Floor,
New York, NY 10013
Data Protection Officer:
Nicole Mazanitis
privacy@contentsquare.com
PRIVACY POLICY FOR THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA, UNITED KINGDOM AND SWITZERLAND
This Privacy Policy governs how Heap processes personal data of individuals located in the European Economic Area (“
EEA
”), United Kingdom (“
UK
”) and Switzerland (collectively, “
Europe
”) that are visiting our Site or use our Service in accordance with data protection laws in Europe (hereafter “
European Privacy Policy
”).
When we use the term “personal data” in this section, we mean information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person.
Capitalized terms that are not defined in this European Privacy Policy have the meaning given them in our Global Privacy Policy above including any relevant agreement, policy, or addendum incorporated therein and any amendments or modifications thereto.
In the event of a conflict between the Global Privacy Policy and this European Privacy Policy, this Policy supersedes the Global Privacy Policy.
1. OUR RELATIONSHIP TO YOU
Heap, Inc., a member of the Contentsquare Group of companies, who are listed
at this link
, (“
Heap
”, “
we
”, “
our
” or “
us
”), is a company duly incorporated and organized under the laws of United States of America, having its registered address at
53 Beach St, 6th Floor, New York, NY 10013
. Heap’s Data Protection Office (“
DPO
”) may be contacted at
privacy@contentsquare.com
.
In order for you to understand Heap’s obligations and your rights to your personal data under this Policy, it is important to identify the relationship you have with Heap:
A “Visitor” is an individual providing personal data to us via our Site. Heap acts as a data controller in this relationship.
A “Customer” is a prospect, lead, potential customer, customer or customer’s employee, agent or independent contractor providing personal data to us in connection with our Service and communications with Heap. Heap acts as a data controller in this relationship.
A “User” is a customer’s employee, agent or independent contractor providing personal data to us in connection with our Service. Depending on the purpose of processing (see Section 3 below), Heap acts as either a data controller or data processor in this relationship.
A “Customer’s Visitor” is an individual that provides personal data to our Customer when using our Service. Heap does not have a direct relationship with the Customer’s Visitor. Depending on the purpose of processing (see Section 3 below), Heap acts as either a data controller or data processor in this relationship. For more information about how personal data is handled by our Customer as a data controller, please review our Customer’s privacy policy and contact them directly.
Hereinafter we may refer to Visitor, Customer and User collectively as “you.”
2. NOTICE
Heap provides notice to you through posted privacy policies and may provide additional “just-in-time” disclosures about the data collection, use, and sharing practices of specific Service. The Global Privacy Policy generally describes our privacy practices, while this Policy is specific to Visitors and Customers located in Europe.
As a data processor, Heap is not able to provide notice to or obtain consent from Customer’s Visitor. To the extent required by law, Heap supports Customers’ data-protection compliance efforts, but it is up to Customer to ensure the appropriate data protection safeguards are in place before processing personal data from Customer’s Visitor.
3. TYPES OF PERSONAL DATA COLLECTED AND PURPOSES OF PROCESSING
3.1 PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT DIRECTLY FROM YOU
We collect the categories of personal data that you voluntarily submit directly to us when you use the Service, as set forth in our Global Privacy Policy under the Section 1
Information We Collect and Our Use
.
The table below sets out in detail the categories of personal data we collect about you and how we use that information when you use the Service, as well as the legal basis which we rely on to process the personal data.
Category of Personal Data
Purpose of Processing
Legal Bases for Processing
Business contact information
, such as first name, last name, job title, email address and password, company, company size, industry type, any other information you provide.
We may use this information to set up and authenticate your account on the Service as a data controller, and provide support and maintenance of the Service as a data processor.
The processing of account management is necessary for the performance of a contract with you and to take steps prior to entering into a contract with you, namely our Master Services Agreement.
The processing of support and maintenance of the Service is determined by our Customer as a data controller.
We may use this information to communicate with you regarding our Service, including those communications described in this Global Privacy Policy, such as about your account, alert you of relevant security issues or updates regarding our Service, or provide other Service-related communications.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you, namely our Master Services Agreement, and our compliance with a legal obligation.
We may use this information to provide our customer service and deal with enquiries, requests, feedback, and complaints made by or about you relating to the Service.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interest, namely administering the Service, for communicating with you effectively to respond to your enquiries, requests, or complaints.
We may use this information in connection with providing you with marketing communications in accordance with your preferences.
We will only use your personal data in this way to the extent you have given us consent to do so.
We may use this information to organize, manage, and facilitate access to our events.
This processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely the administration and execution of our events, and for the performance of a contract.
We may use this information to respond to privacy requests, or to requests or communications from regulators, law enforcement authorities, other government officials request or your data subject requests, and to resolve disputes and defend a legal claim.
This processing is necessary for our compliance with a legal obligation
We may use this information to analyze, develop, improve and optimize the use, function, and performance of the Site and Service.
This processing is necessary for our legitimate interests (to develop and improve our Service).
Payment transaction information.
When you subscribe to our services, we may collect information such as your billing address and other information such as date and time of your transaction.
We may use this information to process your orders through the Service.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract; compliance with a legal obligation.
We may use this information to verify your identity in connection with the detection and prevention of fraud or financial crime.
The processing is necessary for our and third parties' legitimate interests, namely the detection and prevention of fraud and financial crime.
Communications and feedback.
When you contact us directly, e.g. by email or phone we will record your comments and opinions.
We may use this information to address your questions, issues and concerns.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely communicating with you and responding to queries, complaints and concerns.
We may use this information to analyze, develop, improve, and optimize the use, function, and performance of the Site and Service.
The processing is based on either your consent, or as necessary for our legitimate interests (to develop and improve our Service).
Professional or Employment-related information
. When you you apply for employment at Heap on our Site, we may collect your contact and demographic information, educational and work history, employment interests, background check data, and any other information you choose to provide, such as during interviews
We may use this information to evaluate your candidacy for employment, to communicate with you during the application process, to facilitate the onboarding process, and, if you consent, to consider your unsuccessful application for future positions.
The processing is based on either your consent, as necessary for our legitimate interests, or to comply with a legal obligation or perform a contract.
3.2 PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU AUTOMATICALLY
We also automatically collect personal data indirectly about how you access and use the Service, and information about the device you use to access the Service. The table below sets out further information about the categories of personal data we collect about you automatically and how we use that information. The table also lists the legal basis which we rely on to process the personal data.
We may link or combine the personal data we collect about you and the information we collect automatically for the purposes described above.
We may anonymise, de-identify and aggregate any of the personal data we collect about you (so that it does not identify or permit the identification of any individual (“
anonymized data
”). We may use anonymized data for purposes that include testing our IT systems, research, data analysis, improving our Service. We may also share such anonymized data with third-parties, including our customers, partners and service providers for various purposes such as to help us better understand your needs and improve our Service
Category of personal data
Purpose of Processing
Legal basis for the processing
Online unique identifiers:
IP address, cookie ID, device ID, web beacons, pixels, and other similar technologies (as described in our “
Cookies Policy
”)
We may use this information for technical support and maintenance, and for internal development of our Service.
This data collected for support and maintenance is necessary for the performance of the contract signed with our customers.
For our processing of this data for internal development, this processing is based on consent or is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely to improve, test, research, machine learning, benchmark, and analyze our Service.
We may use this information to tailor how the Service is displayed to you (such as the language in which it is provided to you).
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interest, namely tailoring our Service so that it is more relevant to our Visitors and Users.
We may use this information to ensure our network and information security of our Site and Service, such as enhance the security of our Site and Service, combat spam or other malware or security risks, detect fraudulent  or suspicious activity in relation to our Site or Service, monitor and verify identify or service access.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely to protect our Site, Service and your account from fraud and other illegal activities.
Information about your device (“device and technical data”).
We also collect information about the type of operating system, type of device and type of browser you use to connect to the Service. This information can include details about the type of device, operating systems, browsers and applications connected to the Service through the device, your mobile network.
We may use this information for technical support and maintenance, and for internal development of our Service.
The data collected for support and maintenance is necessary for the performance of the contract signed with our Customers.
For our processing of this data for internal development, this processing is based on consent or is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely to improve, test, research, machine learning, benchmark, and analyze our Service.
We may use information about how you use and connect to the Service to present the Service to you on your device.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely to tailor the Service to the User.
We may use this information to monitor and improve the Service and business, resolve issues and to inform the development of new products and services.
The processing is based on consent or is necessary for our legitimate interests,  namely to monitor and resolve issues with the Service and to improve the Service generally.
We may use this information to ensure our network and information security of our Site and Service, such as enhance the security of our Site and Service, combat spam or other malware or security risks, detect fraudulent  or suspicious activity in relation to our Site or Service, monitor and verify identify or service access.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely to protect our Site, Service and your account from fraud and other illegal activities.
Information about how you use the Service (“usage data”).
For example, how frequently you access the Service, the time you access the Service and how long you use it for, the approximate location that you access the Service from, the site from which you came and the site to which you are going when you leave our website, the website pages you visit, the links you click, whether you open emails or click the links contained in emails, whether you access the Service from multiple devices, and other actions you take on the Service.
We may use this information for technical support and maintenance, and for internal development of our Service.
The data collected for support and maintenance is necessary for the performance of the contract signed with our Customers.
For our processing of this data for internal development, this processing is based on consent or is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely to improve, test, research, machine learning, benchmark, and analyze our Service.
We may use information about how you use and connect to the Service to present the Service to you on your device.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely to tailor the Service to the user.
We may use this information to determine products and services that may be of interest to you for marketing purposes.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely to inform our direct marketing.
We may use this information to ensure our network and information security of our Site and Service, such as enhance the security of our Site and Service, combat spam or other malware or security risks, detect fraudulent  or suspicious activity in relation to our Site or Service, monitor and verify identify or service access.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely to protect our Site, Service and your account from fraud and other illegal activities.
3.3 PERSONAL DATA WE RECEIVE FROM THIRD PARTIES
If you interact with us through a social network, we may receive information from the social network such as your name, profile information, and any other information you permit the social network to share with third parties. This processing is necessary for our legitimate interests to develop our Service and inform our marketing strategy.
We also use single sign-on ("
SSO
") to allow users to authenticate their account using one set of login information. The data we receive is dependent on your privacy settings with the social network. We may use this information to reshare content created through the use of the Service, to authenticate you and allow you to access the Service. The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you.
3.4 PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT ABOUT YOUR VISITORS WHEN YOU USE OUR SERVICE
When using our Service, we collect personal data about your visitors on your behalf (online unique identifiers, device and technical data, usage data and any additional personal data you decide to capture under the Master Service Agreement signed with us) for the provision of our Service, including support and maintenance, product usage analytics (i.e. understand how your visitors engage with your product) in order for you to improve their experience with your product. As a data controller, it is up to you to determine the legal basis of this processing. We share your Visitor’s personal data with our sub-processors listed
here
, only for the provision of the Service.
4.
HOW LONG WILL WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We will usually keep the personal data we collect about you for no longer than necessary for the purposes set out in Section 3.1 and 3.2, in accordance with our legal obligations and legitimate business interests.
The criteria used to determine the period for which personal data about you will be retained varies depending on the legal basis under which we process the personal data:
Legitimate Interests.
Where we are processing personal data based on our legitimate interests, we generally will retain such data for a reasonable period of time based on the particular interest, taking into account the fundamental interests and the rights and freedoms of data subjects.
Consent.
Where we are processing personal data based on your consent, we generally will retain the data until you withdraw your consent, or otherwise for the period of time necessary to fulfill the underlying agreement with you or provide you with the applicable service for which we process that personal information.
Contract.
Where we are processing personal data based on contract, we generally will retain the data for the duration of the contract plus some additional limited period of time that is necessary to comply with law or that represents the statute of limitations for legal claims that could arise from the contractual relationship.
Legal Obligation.
Where we are processing personal data based on a legal obligation, we generally will retain the data for the period of time necessary to fulfill the legal obligation.
Legal Claim.
We may need to apply a “legal hold” that retains information beyond our typical retention period where we face a threat of legal claim.  In that case, we will retain the data until the hold is removed, which typically means the claim or threat of claim has been resolved.
In all cases, in addition to the purposes and legal bases, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal data, as well as the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data.
5. RECIPIENTS OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We may share your personal data with the following recipients (as required in accordance with the uses set out in Annexes 1 and 2):
Service providers and advisors
: we may share your personal information with third party vendors and other service providers that perform services for us or on our behalf, which may include providing professional services, such as legal and accounting services, mailing, email or chat services, payment services, IT and security services, customer support services, cloud storage, or marketing and analytics services.
Affiliates
. Other companies owned by or under common ownership as Heap, including our subsidiaries (i.e., any organisation we own or control) and our ultimate holding company (i.e., any organisation that owns or controls us) and any subsidiaries it owns, listed
here
.
Integrations and enrichment providers:
our Service allows customers to integrate third-party tools to send or receive personal data to and from the Service. Our customers remain responsible for any such personal data transmissions between these integration tools and our Service.
Purchasers and third parties in connection with a business transaction
: your personal data may be disclosed to third parties in connection with a transaction, such as a merger, sale of assets or shares, reorganisation, financing, change of control or acquisition of all or a portion of our business.
Law enforcement, regulators and other parties for legal reasons
: we may share your personal data with third parties as required by law or if we reasonably believe that such action is necessary to (i) comply with the law and the reasonable requests of law enforcement; (ii) detect and investigate illegal activities and breaches of agreements, including our Master Services Agreement; and/or (iii) exercise or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Heap, its users or others.
6.
MARKETING AND PROFILING
From time to time we may contact you with information about our services, including sending you marketing messages and asking for your feedback on our services. Most marketing messages we send will be by email. For some marketing messages, we may use personal information we collect about you to help us determine the most relevant marketing information to share with you.
Where we rely on consent to send you marketing communications, we will only send you such messages if you have given us your consent to do so. You can withdraw your consent at a later date by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of our marketing emails or by updating your preferences via your account on the Site.
We may analyze personal data we have collected about you to create a profile of your interests and preferences so that we can contact you with information that is relevant to you. We may make use of additional information about you when it is available from external sources to help us effectively send product updates. We may also use personal data about you to detect and reduce fraud and credit risk.
7. SECURITY
We implement appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect your personal data against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, change or damage. All personal data we collect will be stored by our cloud hosting provider on secure servers.
8. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
The personal data we collect may be transferred to and stored in countries outside of the jurisdiction you are in where we and our third-party service providers have operations. If you are located in the EEA, United Kingdom or Switzerland, your personal data may be processed outside of those regions, including in the United States.
In the event of such a transfer, we ensure that: (i) the personal data is transferred to countries recognized as offering an equivalent level of protection; or (ii) the transfer is made pursuant to appropriate safeguards, such as Standard Contractual Clauses adopted by the European Commission.
Heap transfers personal data to the United States pursuant to the Data Privacy Framework (please see above).
If you wish to enquire further about these safeguards used, please contact us using the details set out at the end of this European Privacy Policy.
9. YOUR RIGHTS IN RESPECT OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
In accordance with applicable privacy laws in Europe, you have the following rights in respect of your personal data that we hold:
Right of access
. You have the right to obtain:
confirmation of whether, and where, we are processing your personal information;
information about the categories of personal information we are processing, the purposes for which we process your personal information and information as to how we determine applicable retention periods;
information about the categories of recipients with whom we may share your personal information; and
a copy of the personal information we hold about you.
Right of portability
. You have the right, in certain circumstances, to receive a copy of the personal information you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format that supports re-use, or to request the transfer of your personal data to another person.
Right to rectification
. You have the right to obtain rectification of any inaccurate or incomplete personal information we hold about you without undue delay.
Right to erasure
. You have the right, in some circumstances, to require us to erase your personal information without undue delay if the continued processing of that personal information is not justified.
Right to restriction
. You have the right, in some circumstances, to require us to limit the purposes for which we process your personal information if the continued processing of the personal information in this way is not justified, such as where the accuracy of the personal information is contested by you.
Right to withdraw consent
. There are certain circumstances where we require your consent to process your personal information. In these instances, and if you have provided consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, this will not affect the lawfulness of our use of your personal information before your withdrawal.
Right to object to processing.
You have the right to object to any processing based on our legitimate interests where there are grounds relating to your particular situation. There may be compelling reasons for continuing to process your personal data, and we will assess and inform you if that is the case. You can also object to marketing activities for any reason.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint to your local data protection authority. If you are based in the European Union, information about how to contact your local data protection authority is available
here
. If you are based in the UK or Switzerland, your local data protection authorities are the UK Information Commissioner's Office (
https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/
) and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (
https://www.edoeb.admin.ch/edoeb/en/home/the-fdpic/contact/address.html
).
If you wish to exercise one of these rights, please contact us using the contact details at the end of these Privacy Disclosures, or you can use our
Data Subject Rights Request Form
.
Due to the confidential nature of data processing we may ask you to provide proof of identity when exercising the above rights.
PRIVACY DISCLOSURES FOR TRANS-ATLANTIC DATA PRIVACY FRAMEWORK
Heap Inc., along with its affiliates based in the United States of America (Content Square, Inc., and Clicktale Inc., (together “
the US CS entities
”)), has self-certified with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (together, the “
Data Privacy Framework
”), where such participation is listed
at this link
, with respect to the personal data of individuals residing in the EU, United Kingdom, and Switzerland that the US CS entities process for the purposes identified above in this policy, including any such data processed on behalf of any of their affiliated companies of the Contentsquare group of companies.
The US CS entities commit to process personal data received from the EU, United Kingdom, and Switzerland in accordance with the Data Privacy Framework Principles, including the Supplemental Principles (collectively, the “
Principles
”) as set forth by the US Department of Commerce concerning the processing of personal data.
If there is any conflict between this Heap Privacy Policy and the Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework, please visit
this webpage
.
Independent Dispute Resolution
To address inquiries or resolve complaints about our processing of personal data, residents of the EU, United Kingdom, or Switzerland should first contact Heap via e-mail to
privacy@contentsquare.com
.
The US CS entities have further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the Data Privacy Framework to the American Arbitration Association’s International Centre for Dispute Resolution (“ICDR-AAA”), a non-profit alternative dispute resolution provider located in the United States to assist with the complaint resolution process. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit
https://go.adr.org/dpf_irm.html
for more information and to file a complaint. The services of ICDR-AAA are provided at no cost to you.
Enforcement
The US CS entities are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (the “
FTC
”) to ensure our compliance with the Data Privacy Framework as outlined in this Privacy Policy.
Arbitration
You may be entitled, under certain conditions as described in the Principles, to invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted.
Lawful Access Requests
The US CS entities may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful access requests from public authorities, or to comply with national security or law enforcement requirements. Any such disclosure is made in accordance with our Public Authorities Access Request Policy, available
at this link
.
Onward Transfers of Personal Data
The US CS entities remain responsible to you, as well as potentially liable to you under the conditions set forth in the Principles, for the processing of personal data received under the Data Privacy Framework and subsequently transferred to the third parties identified above.
PRIVACY NOTICE FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
This Privacy Policy supplements our Global Privacy Policy and provides additional details about the personal information we collect, use, and disclose about residents of the State of California, and the rights afforded to them under the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended (the “CCPA”), and includes our Notice at Collection and Notice of Right to Opt-out of Sale/Sharing under the CCPA.
Your rights under the CCPA:
Right to delete
. You have the right to request that we delete your personal information that we’ve collected from you.
Right to correct
. You have the right to request that we correct inaccurate personal information that we maintain about you, subject to applicable legal exceptions.
Right to know/access
. You have the right to request that we disclose to you the personal information we process about you, why we use it, where it came from, and who it is disclosed to.
Right to opt out of sale/sharing
. You have the right to request that we do not “sell” your personal information or “share” your personal information for cross-context behavioral advertising purposes (as such terms are defined under the CCPA). Please see the dedicated “ “Sale”/“Sharing” of personal information” section below for more information.
Right to restrict the use and disclosure of your sensitive information
. You have the right to request that we limit our use and disclosure of your sensitive personal information.
Right to nondiscrimination
. You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment because you’ve exercised any of your rights under the CCPA.
Categories of personal information collected
In the last 12 months, we have collected the following categories of personal information, from the following sources:
When you provide such personal information directly to us
We collect the following categories of personal information about you in connection with your visits to and use of our Site and Service, such as when you register for an account to use our Service, request information, contact us, subscribe to our blog or to receive marketing emails from us, or apply for employment:
Category of personal information
Examples of personal information
Identifiers
First and last name, email address, and telephone number
Professional or employment-related information
Job position, company, company size, and industry
For employment applications only: you also provide demographic information, educational and work history, employment interests, and interview information
Any other personal information you voluntarily choose to provide
Personal information in request or feedback you send us
When you provide such personal information indirectly to us
We may collect personal information about you with the help of third parties. For more information about this processing, please refer to Section 1 above in this Global Privacy Policy.
When you use our Sites and such personal information is collected automatically
When you visit or interact with our Site and Service, we may collect or generate through cookies the following categories of personal information about you:
Category of personal information
Examples of personal information
Identifiers and contact information
IP address, cookie IDs, device IDs, web beacons, pixels, and other similar technologies (as described in our “
Cookies Policy
”)
Internet or other electronic network activity information
Device and technical data
Type of device/operating system/browser used to access the Site and Service, session logging, referring or exit pages; and date and time of your visit.
Internet or other electronic network activity information
Behavioral data
Web page interactions (clicks, browsing, zooms and other interactions), referring web page/source through which you accessed the Site and Service, and statistics associated with the interaction between device or browser and the Site.
Geolocation data
City, state, or country.
Professional or employment-related information
Job position, workplace, and industry
Inferences drawn from the above information
Whether you may be interested in our services, and aggregated metrics.
Purposes for which personal information is collected
We collect and use these categories of personal information for the business and commercial purposes described in Section 1 above in this Global Privacy Policy.
Categories of third parties to whom personal information is disclosed
In connection with one or more of the purposes described above, we disclose the identified personal information to the categories of third parties identified in Section 2 above in this Global Privacy Policy
“Sale” / “Sharing” of personal information
We “sold” or “shared” (as such terms are defined under applicable law) certain data elements within the following categories of personal information in the last 12 months: identifiers, demographic information, Internet or other electronic network activity information, approximate geolocation, and inferences drawn from the above. We “sold” or “shared” each category to or with entities who provide advertising, marketing, or audience measurement; and social networks. The business or commercial purposes of “selling” or “sharing” personal information is to assist us with advertising, marketing, audience measurement, and other functionality on our digital properties. We do not “sell” or “share” any personal information of consumers under 16 years of age.
Retention
We retain the categories of personal information identified above for the lengths of time identified in Section 3 above in this Global Privacy Policy.
Opt-out preference signal
To exercise and signal to us your preference to opt-out of the sale or sharing (as such terms are defined under CCPA) of your personal information within our Site’s consent banner, you can toggle the switch into the grey “off” position (in contrast to the bright blue “on” position) or vice versa by clicking on the switch.
Required disclosures
Below is a list of each type of request we have received during the previous calendar year from all individuals (meaning, requests received from
anywhere in the world
, not only California-residents), the outcome of such request, and the mean number of days to respond to the request:
Type of request
Number received
Number complied with
Number denied*
Mean number of days to comply
Request to delete
0
0
0
This feature is not included
Request to correct
0
0
0
This feature is not included
Request to know
1
1
0
44
Request to opt out of sale/sharing
0
This feature is not included
This feature is not included
This feature is not included
Request to limit
0
This feature is not included
This feature is not included
This feature is not included
Request to opt out of marketing communications
1
1
0
27
*Requests may be denied due to various factors including where the request was not verifiable or made multiple times.