App Privacy Policy
This App Privacy Policy (the “Privacy Policy”) applies to Hasbro’s mobile apps for children (the
        “Apps”) provided through app stores that provide or link to this Privacy Policy, including Apps for
        the Peppa Pig brand (the “Brands”). As used herein, “Hasbro” means Hasbro Consumer Products
        Licensing Limited (HCPLL), also known as Find Your Fun. Please note that websites for these Brands
        operate under separate privacy policies that are posted on those sites.
Parents or guardians should read this Privacy Policy and, as appropriate, explain to any children
        using our Apps the implications of this Privacy Policy.
1. About us
Hasbro Consumer Products Licensing Limited is registered in England and Wales under company number
        12470215, and located at 4 The Square, Stockley Park, Uxbridge, UB11 1ET, UK. If you have any
        questions or wish to exercise your rights and choices, please contact us as directed in the
        “Contacting Us” section below.
We are committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, store,
        process and use your/your children’s personal information when you use our Apps. It also describes
        your rights in relation to your/your children’s personal information and your choices about our
        collection and use of such information. You should read this Privacy Policy in conjunction with our
        posted
Terms of Use
(the “Terms”), which together govern your use of the Apps. If you do not agree
        to the Terms, please do not use the Apps.
Notice for residents of the EU/EEA, UK, Switzerland and other jurisdictions with similar data
            privacy and protection laws:
We operate as a “data controller” under such laws with respect
        to personal information we collect and process about you/your children. We are registered as a data
        controller with the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (reg. no. Z2924041).
2. Children’s privacy
The Apps are designed partly for use by children, and we are therefore extra cautious when processing
        personal information. Our Apps generally contain a children’s section (the “Children’s Area”) and a
        separate parents/guardians section (the “Grown-Up Area”). In the Children’s Area, children
        participate by playing games, reading e-books and/or watching videos. The Children’s Area does not
        generally enable a child to enter personal information. Typically, the only part of the Apps where
        anyone can enter personal information directly is the Grown-Up Area. Accordingly, we do not
        generally expect to collect personal information directly from any children, except at the direction
        of a parent/guardian.
We take reasonable precautions to make the Grown-Up Area accessible only to adults. If we believe a
        child using the Grown-Up Area is under 13 we will not process any personal information of that child
        without the consent of the parent or guardian. If the user is 13 or over we will only collect and
        process personal information consistent with this Privacy Policy and applicable laws, including any
        required consents. If you believe we have collected personal information from a child under 13
        without parental consent, please let us know via the contact information below and we will endeavor
        to promptly delete it.
For added assurance, our Apps are enrolled in the
kidSAFE Seal Program
independently reviewed,
        certified and/or listed by kidSAFE as meeting their standards of online safety and privacy.
3. Types of personal information we collect
We may collect the following personal information from you:
Profile and contact information,
including name, email address, postal address, country,
            date of birth, username and password (or other such authentication information), gender and
            marketing preferences;
Limited children’s information if you permit,
including name(s), date(s) of birth and
            gender, as well as any information you (or your child) submit as part of a promotion or
            competition;
Transactional information
such as for paid subscription to the Apps (such as subscription
            type, current status, and subscription and expiration dates);
Survey information
in response to any customer satisfaction surveys or market research
            (unless these are provided anonymously);
Communications
between you and us, such as via email, web form, mail, phone, or other
            channels;
Online User Activity
as described below in Section 10.
If you provide us with personal information regarding a minor, you represent that you either have
        authority (as parent/guardian) or consent of an individual with such authority to permit us to use
        the information in accordance with this policy. If you provide us with personal information
        regarding anyone else, you represent that you have that person’s consent to give us their
        information and permit us to use it in accordance with this policy.
4. How and when we collect your/your children’s personal information
We may collect personal information from you when you/your children:
Participate in, access or sign up to any of the Apps’ activities, paid subscriptions, online
            content, newsletters, or competitions;
Create an online account or fill in any other forms on the Apps;
Contact our customer service teams or request information from us in any other way;
Respond to communications from us;
Participate in our customer satisfaction surveys or other market research; or
Communicate or engage with us via social networking websites, third party apps or similar
            technologies.
When you browse or otherwise use the Apps, we will also collect certain information about your device
        and your use of the Apps using cookies and similar technologies as further described below.
We will indicate where any personal information we have requested is mandatory or optional. Please
        note that if you decide not to provide certain information which we have indicated is mandatory, in
        some circumstances this may mean we are unable to provide you with a certain service or product.
We may also collect personal information about you from third party sources, such as from our
        subcontractors.
5. How we may use your/your children’s personal information
We (or third party data processors acting on our behalf) may collect, store and use your/your
        children’s personal information for the following purposes, to the extent permitted by applicable
        laws:
To provide our Apps, activities or online content and to provide information about our Apps,
            including to authenticate users and offer access, activities or online content which may be
            personalized or tailored to you/your children;
To identify and contact you/your child as the winner of a particular competition;
To send out newsletters and other communications that you/your children have subscribed to;
For system administration purposes and for internal operations (including troubleshooting, data
            analysis, and testing) to ensure the Apps operate properly;
To analyse use of the Apps to improve the user experience and to ensure that content is
            presented in the most effective manner for our users;
To notify you of any changes to the Apps or provide other administrative notices;
To provide customer support and ensure we provide a good level of customer service;
Where you have given us your consent or we are otherwise permitted by law, to contact you/your
            children (including by e-mail) with products and services which we think may interest you/your
            children – you can unsubscribe from our marketing communications at any time;
Where you have given your consent, to pass your personal information to selected third parties
            for marketing purposes;
For geo-based redirection (so that if you see the correct version of the Apps depending on the
            country from which you are accessing the Apps);
For security and fraud prevention, to ensure that our Apps are safe and secure, to comply with
            applicable laws and regulations, and to adhere to our policies and contractual rights.
We may also collect information about visitors to and users of the Apps for the purposes of
        de-identified and aggregate statistics or reporting purposes.
6. Legal basis for processing your personal information
Certain jurisdictions, such as the EU/EEA/UK/Switzerland, require that a business satisfy one or more
        legal bases to process personal information. We will therefore only process your/your child’s
        personal information where we have a legal basis to do so, and the legal basis will depend on the
        purposes for which we have collected and use the personal information. The legal basis is generally
        one or more of the following:
Consent:
For example, where you have provided your consent to receive certain marketing from us
            or permit collection and processing of your/your children’s personal information. You can
            withdraw your consent at any time by notifying us as provided below. You can also click on the
            “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of any marketing email.
Our legitimate business interests:
Where it is necessary for us to provide the Apps for your
            use, understand our customers, promote our services and operate effectively as a provider of
            children’s content and related services, provided in each case that this is done in a legitimate
            way which does not unduly affect your or your child’s privacy and other rights.
Compliance with law:
Where we are subject to a legal obligation and need to use your personal
            information in order to comply with that obligation.
7. Where we store your personal information
Our Services are primarily provided from the US, so you should understand that when using our Apps
        you are directly sending your information to US-based Services. In addition, any other personal
        information that we collect may be transferred to, and stored at, locations outside the country you
        reside in, including locations that may not have data protection laws as stringent as those in your
        country (such as the strict laws in the EU/EEA).
Whenever we transfer your/your child’s personal information as described above, we will implement
        reasonable safeguards designed to protect such personal information and handle it securely, in
        accordance with this policy. Where applicable, we rely on technical controls, contractual
        commitments and approved data transfer mechanisms (such as the EU “Standard Contractual Clauses”) to
        maintain adequate safeguards in the recipient country.
8. How we store and secure your personal information
We take steps to ensure that the personal information we collect is retained for only as long as it
        is necessary for the purpose for which it was collected. After this period it will be deleted or in
        some cases anonymised.
Where we have collected personal information based on your consent and we have no other lawful basis
        to continue with that processing, if you subsequently withdraw your consent then we will reasonably
        endeavor to delete or anonymize your personal information. However, please note that where you
        unsubscribe from our marketing communications, we will keep a record of your email address to ensure
        we do not send you marketing emails in future.
We endeavor to only keep personal information while we have an active relationship with you (e.g.,
        ongoing services) and thereafter when needed for business or legal purposes. We may keep anonymised
        and statistical data indefinitely but take care to ensure that it can no longer identify or be
        connected to any individual.
9. Do we share personal information with any third parties?
We may share your personal information within our group of companies (i.e., our legal affiliates
        including our ultimate parent company and its subsidiaries), subject to the terms of this Privacy
        Policy and applicable laws. For example, they may support certain business operations or want to
        contact you regarding other products or services that may be of interest to you.
We may share your/your children’s personal information with our vendors (data processors) who may use
        it strictly as necessary to develop, host and provide the Apps to you, and provide associated
        services and marketing activities on our behalf.
If a third party acquires all (or substantially all) of our business and/or assets, we may disclose
        your/your child’s personal information to that third party in connection with the acquisition,
        subject to this Privacy Policy. We may also disclose your/your child’s personal information where we
        are required to do so by applicable law, by a governmental body or by a law enforcement agency. We
        may also disclose personal information to protect the rights, property or safety of us or our users,
        or others, and in order to enforce or apply our terms and conditions (this includes exchanging
        information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit
        risk reduction).
Other than as described in this Privacy Policy, we will not disclose, sell or rent your/your child’s
        personal information to any third party unless you have specifically consented to it. If you do
        consent but later change your mind, you may contact us and we will cease any such activity. Where
        appropriate, we will limit sharing of your information in accordance with the choices that you have
        provided us and applicable law.
10. Online user activity
Our Apps may collect certain information about your device and use of our Apps by automated means,
        including but not limited to software development kits (SDKs) and other similar technologies
        (“Online User Activity”). We use these tools to manage user sign-in, subscription status, and for
        analytics purposes to track how users generally interact with our Apps, including to understand
        which sites a user visited for a link to the App Store in order to download and install our Apps. We
        endeavor to only use SDKs that are consistent with our Terms and this Privacy Policy, including
        strict limitations on collection or use of children’s personal information.
When you use the Apps, the information that we may collect by automated means includes, for example:
Usage Details
about your interaction with our Apps (such as the date, time, and length of
            visits, and specific content accessed during the visits, frequency of the visits, and other user
            activity events);
Device Information
including the IP address and other details of a device that you use to
            connect with our Apps (such as device type and unique device identifier, operating system,
            mobile network information); and
Regional information
where you or your device provide us with information about your
            device’s general region.
To provide enhanced privacy protections for our users, Online User Activity is associated only with
        anonymized or pseudonymized identifiers when used for general analytics or other purposes so it is
        not associated with you/your child. In some instances an identifier may be linked to a parent’s user
        account and subscription, such as for access to paid content.
11. Third party advertisements and sites
The Apps do not engage in any behavioral advertising.
As described in our Terms, the Apps may
    contain kid-friendly contextual advertisements or links to third party apps, websites and services.
    Please note that this Privacy Policy applies only to the personal information that we collect through
    the Apps or receive from third parties and we cannot be responsible for personal information that third
    parties may collect, store and use through their own apps, websites and services. You should always read
    carefully the privacy policy of each such third party apps, websites and services you visit or use. In
    addition, when you provide to us information on a third party site or platform, (for example via social
    media platforms), the information may also be collected by third parties and may be subject to their
    privacy policy.
12. Security
We take appropriate technical and organisational measures designed to safeguard our users’ personal
        information and regularly review our security measures in view of evolving risks and safeguards.
        Please note that no transmission over the internet can ever be guaranteed secure and we consequently
        cannot guarantee the security of any personal information that we receive over the Internet.
You must keep your password and any other authentication information for the Apps confidential. If
        you know or suspect that anyone other than you knows your password or any other authentication
        information, you must promptly notify us via the contact information below.
13. Your rights
We offer you certain choices about what information we collect from you, how we
    use and disclose the information, and how we communicate with you.
Marketing Emails:
If you have opted-in to marketing communications,
	we may contact you periodically via email or through other channels
	for the purpose of providing announcements, promotional information
	and/or other general communication. In order to improve our Apps, we
	may be notified when you open an email from us or click on a link
	therein. You may choose not to receive marketing emails from us by
	clicking on the unsubscribe link in the marketing emails you receive
	from us. Even if you opt out of receiving such communications, we
	may continue sending you non-marketing email communications, such as
	administrative or transaction alerts, or information about changes
	to our terms of service.
Device settings:
Your device may enable you to disable certain
	permissions or functionality in our Apps (e.g., location); however,
	when necessary permissions or functionality are disabled, some
	features or functionality of our Apps may not function correctly.
	You can also disable pop-up notifications in device settings.
User Account:
You may terminate your user account within an
	App’s account settings and delete the user information (where
	available) or by contacting us as provided below. We may retain any
	account information as necessary for internal purposes and as
	otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy and our Terms, to the
	extent permitted by applicable laws.
Children’s information:
As described above, we do not generally
	collect or maintain any identifiable information about children,
	however, to the extent we collect and such information, parents have
	a right to see it and/or have it deleted.
Additional data subject rights for residents of the EU/EEA, UK, Switzerland,
	California, Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, Oregon, Texas, Utah
	(and Montana after Oct. 1, 2024) and other jurisdictions with
	similar data privacy and protection laws:
You have the
	right to submit certain privacy requests in regard to your/your
	children’s personal information, including: the right to access,
	rectify, or erase any personal data we have collected about you. You
	also have the right to data portability and the right to restrict or
	object to our processing or selling/sharing personal information we
	have collected about you. In addition, you have the right to ask us
	not to process your personal information (or provide it to third
	parties to process) for marketing purposes or purposes materially
	different than for which it was originally collected or subsequently
	authorized by you. You may withdraw your consent at any time for any
	data processing we do based on consent you have provided to us.
	Please note that we retain information as necessary to fulfil the
	purposes for which it was collected and may continue to retain and
	use information even after a data subject request for purposes of
	our legitimate interests, including as necessary to comply with our
	legal obligations, resolve disputes, prevent fraud, and enforce our
	agreements. Nevada residents can direct us to not
	sell their personal information for monetary consideration).
Laws in these jurisdictions also offer certain opt-out rights which are
	inapplicable in these circumstances, since with respect to the Apps
	we do
not
engage in (i) selling or sharing of
	personal information to third parties, (ii) third party targeted
	advertising activities, (iii) impactful profiling activities, or
	(iv) collection, use or disclosure of sensitive personal information
	(such as government IDs, precise geolocation, financial information)
	other than for the specific purpose(s) that you may provide it.
We will respond to any such request to exercise your rights in accordance with
    applicable laws and app store rules, and any relevant legal
    exemptions. If you wish to exercise any of these rights, please
    contact us as directed below and we will endeavor to response to any
    requests within any timeframe provided by applicable law.. To protect
    your privacy, we will require verification of your identity before
    fulfilling any request you make with respect to your personal
    information. Due to our privacy-protective practices, as described
    above, in many instances we will not have sufficient personal
    information (e.g., name, email) that would enable us to verify your
    identity and complete a request to access, correct or delete any
    information, such as with respect to anonymized Online User Activity.
California residents can designate an authorized agent to submit requests on
    their behalf, but we will require written proof of the agent’s
    permission to do so and verify your identity directly with you. We do
    not share personal information collected by our Apps with
    third-parties for their direct marketing purposes. You have a right
    to not be discriminated against for exercising your rights under
    applicable privacy laws, and we never discriminate in any way against
    users who exercise any of these rights. We may offer promotions or
    contests, and invite you to review such promotion or contest notices
    for details about the benefits, terms and conditions for such offers.
    We do not generally assign monetary value to users’ personal
    information in connection with such activities we engage in.
If you have any issues concerning our compliance with your privacy rights, or if we
    deny a privacy request and you want to appeal that decision, you may
    contact our Data Protection Officer at
DPO@hasbro.com
.
    You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the data protection
    regulator in your jurisdiction (such as the UK Information
    Commissioner’s Office or a U.S. state’s Attorney General’s
    office) if you think we have processed your personal information in a
    manner which is unlawful or breaches your rights. If you have such
    concerns, we request that you initially contact us (using the contact
    details below) so that we can investigate, and hopefully resolve,
    your concerns.
Privacy rights in the EU/EEA, UK, Switzerland, California and potentially other
    jurisdictions offer similar privacy rights to all individuals (not
    just App users), including job applicants, current and former
    employees, contractors and business partners. If you want to exercise
    a privacy request in that context, please contact us
    at
DPO@hasbro.com
or by phone to (905) 238-4680.
14. Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may from time to time revise this Privacy Policy so please check back regularly to
    keep informed of updates. We will endeavor to notify you if changes
    are material and will seek your consent if the change could have a
    detrimental effect on how we handle the privacy of your personal
    information.
15. Contacting us
If you have any questions or comments regarding this Privacy Policy, or would like to
    exercise any of the above rights, please contact us:
by e-mail to:
privacy@findyourfun.com
by phone to: (905) 238-4680
or in writing to: Hasbro Consumer Products Licensing Limited DBA Find Your Fun,
            4 The Square, Stockley Park, Uxbridge, UB11 1ET, UK
Please note that the above email is for privacy-related queries only. For other queries please use
        the following email addresses:
for any technical issues and general inquiries:
worldofpeppa@findyourfun.com
This Privacy Policy was last updated on July 10, 2024.