Zain Iraq Telecom
Personal
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Zain (Zain) - Iraq
Zain's privacy policy is developed to safeguard your privacy and nterests. This policy is formulated to give you better understanding of the information collected when you visit our website and how your personal information is kept and processed by us.
IP Address
While visiting our Website, the server used by Web Host will record the following:
Your IP Address.
The date and time of your visit
The type of Internet Browser used.
The URL of any website that you were directed from.
The personal information from your computer when you browse this site will be collected voluntarily.
Links
Our website may contain links to other websites. Zain will not be responsible for contents of other websites including their data collection practices and privacy policies.
Contents
All contents published on our website reflect the latest available information. There is a possibility that some of the content may be outdated and this is not due to negligence, but is out of our control. Only formal documents are considered to be official and reflect all Zain changes. Zain is not to be held liable in respect to the content on this site if used in sole discretion. Zain has full rights to change content without prior notice.
Surveys
As with any regular survey, o ur online web surveys are there to help gathering specific information regarding web site issues. This is in order to enhance the quality of service, which eventually will be reflected positively for our customers, given that the provision of their name and other details is totally optional.
Expediting a requested transaction
Necessary Information required from you will be submitted to us without any obligation. This information will help in better processing of your requests where applicable. The information you provide will never be sold to any third party for their own marketing purposes without your express permission in writing unless it is used on an aggregated basis for statistical and research purpose without any information which can be used to identify you.
Non Disclosure of customer's Information
Due to the mutual trust with our customers, Zain will maintain at all times the privacy and confidentiality of all personal information collected. Such information may only be disclosed when required by law or when in good faith we believe that such action is necessary or desirable to comply with the law, protect or defend the rights or property of Zain, this site or its users.
Contact Zain for Questions and Comments
All Information provided to Zain will be treated as confidential. Online forms requesting information will help us in providing you with enhanced quality of customer care. Such information will be used to respond to your questions, comments or requests by either Zain or any of its business divisions and subsidiary companies only.
Updating Privacy Policy
With the swift and fast developing services, Zain reserves the right to change the Privacy Policy or Terms & Conditions when necessary.