Privacy Policy
Unless defined otherwise in this Privacy Policy, all capitalized terms that are not defined herein have the meaning given them in Our Terms of Services. This Privacy Policy is an integrated and an inseparable part of the Terms of Services. This Privacy Policy also applies to your use of interactive features or downloads that: (i) We own or control; (ii) are available through SKOR Creative; or (iii) interact with the SKOR Creative App (including through social media).
The Users’ privacy is important to us, and we are committed to carefully manage your individual identifiable information in connection with Our Services. We are committed to protect the privacy of the data provided by the Users in SKOR Creative as appropriate, but at the same time encourage the Users to interact and share information about the progress with one another.This Privacy Policy applies to all information of SKOR Creative. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully and contact us if you have any questions or concerns. You may rest assured that SKOR Creative take privacy and security seriously and are receptive to any feedback on these issues.
By ticking the consent box available on the application and/or using Our Service, We assume that you have carefully read and agreed to Our Privacy Policy and verified, confirmed and consented to the accuracy, confidentiality and purpose of use or Personal Information about you and how the Personal Information we collect and/or provided with are used, processed, analyzed and disclosed.
This Privacy Policy sets out the principles that we follow when collecting, using, disclosing, retaining and removing Personal Data, and describe other important topics relating to an individual’s privacy. By using the Services, communicating with us through email, by telephone, in writing or by using any of our other services, including the our website, or by providing Personal Data to us, you agree to the collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Data in the manner described in this Privacy Policy.
This Policy applies to all users, and by using SKOR Creative mobile application and/or accessing our website and/or use our services and accepting the Terms of Services, you accept and agree to this Privacy Policy. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, YOU MAY NOT USE THE SERVICES.
In this Privacy Policy,
“Personal Information”
refers to any data, whether true or not, about an individual who can be identified (a) from that data; or (b) from that data and other information to which we have or are likely to have access, including data in our records as may be updated from time to time.
Scope of Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy applies to information collected by SKOR Creative. Our privacy policy does not apply when you navigate away from the services. The services include all activities in SKOR Creative mobile application and website.
Information We Collect
We collect information directly from individuals, with the following types of information:
Information You Provide
We receive Personal and/or non-Personal Information you enter on SKOR Creative.
Usage Information
When you use our services, we will automatically collect information about how you use our services.
Log and Other Information
When SKOR Creative mobile application and/or website is accessed, we automatically record Personal Information about you that your browser and/or mobile application sends.
These logs typically include your web request, internet protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser, mobile application or account(s) to Us.
Account and Profile Information
When You create an account on SKOR Creative, We collect your Personal Information, including but not limited to name, gender, place/date of birth, marital status, address, email address, phone number, and/or other information you provide.
Purpose of Collection
We use, process and/or analyse our personal information that we collect to manage your account(s). Personal Information will generally only be collected and used for the primary purposes of:
conducting, improving, maintaining and developing a business relationship;
processing, servicing or enforcing transactions and sending related communications;
identification and verification purposes in connection with any of the services or products that may be supplied to individuals;
responding to individual’s queries;
administering contests or market surveys conducted by the company or on the company’s behalf;
marketing (such as providing individuals with information about our products and promotional notices and offers).
We take reasonable steps to ensure the individual is aware of:
the likely use of the information;
the means of requesting the company on the provision of Personal Data that is in the possession of the company;
the means of withdrawing any consent in respect of the collection, use or disclosure of the Personal Data that is in the possession of the company;
the identity and contact details of the organisation;
any law requiring collection of the information; and
the main consequences of failure to provide the information.
Personal Information
The type of Personal Information that we may collect from individuals will depend upon the particular transaction and the dealing. Normally the Personal Data collected by the company may include the following information:
name, title, address,
telephone number;
email address;
records of communications with the company;
responses to market surveys and contests conducted by the company or on the company’s behalf;
camera or photo that identifies individuals;
website usage information.
Information of your physical make up and health – including but not limited to fitness levels, step taken and activities completed.
Any other information relating to you which you have provided in any forms you may have submitted to use, or in other forms of interaction with you.
Demographic & Non-Identifying Information
We may collect and process demographic information from or about users from time to time, such as information about your gender and age
("Demographic Information")
. We may collect this information through various forms on the application, including account registration forms, or when you otherwise interact with the application. To the extent that we combine any non-personally identifiable demographic information with your personal information that we collect directly from you on the application, we will treat the combined data as personal information under this privacy policy.
Information We Collect or Store as You Access and Use the Application
In addition to any Personal Information or other information that you choose to submit to us via our application, we and our third-party service providers may use a variety of technologies that store or collect certain information whenever you visit or interact with the application
("Usage Information")
. This usage Information may be stored or accessed using a variety of technologies that may be downloaded to your personal computer, browser, laptop, tablet, mobile phone or other device (a
"Device"
) whenever you visit or interact with our application. To the extent we associate usage information with your personal information we collect directly from you on the application, we will treat it as personal information.
Generally, we may collect your Personal Data through the following ways:
when your employer signs up for a service subscription with us;
when you access our websites or perform an online transaction;
when you install our mobile app and agree to the use of the app upon installation;
when you interact with any of our employees or social media,
when you submit an application to us for membership services and benefits;
when you respond to our request for additional Personal Data;
when you ask to be included in an email or other mailing list;
when you request that we contact you;
when you respond to our initiatives or promotions; and
when you submit your Personal Data to us for any other reason.
We only collect, store, use and disclose Personal Data with an individual’s consent or deemed consent or as otherwise permitted under the law on personal data protection or other applicable laws and regulations.
You may opt out of participating in the Program or utilizing the Service, and accordingly opt out of our use of your Personal Information, by sending an email to
support@skorpoints.com
.
Interactions with Third-Party Applications
The application may include functionalities that allow certain kinds of interactions between the application and Your account on a third-party website or application. The use of this functionality may involve the third-party operator providing certain information, including Personal Information, to us. For example, when you register with SKOR Creative, you may have an option to connect your Runkeeper or Fitbit accounts or other account provided by a third-party site or application to facilitate the tracking of activities on the SKOR Creative, or otherwise link accounts.
If We offer and you choose to use this functionality to access our SKOR Creative, the third-party site or application may send Personal Information about you to the SKOR Creative. If so, We will then treat it as Personal Information data storage under this Privacy Policy, since we are collecting it as a result of your accessing of and interaction on our SKOR Creative.
These third parties may retain any information used or provided in any such communications or other activities and these third parties' practices are not subject to Our Privacy Policy. We may not control or have access to your communications through these third parties. Further, when you use third-party sites or services, you are using their services and not our services and they, not We, are responsible for their practices. You should review the applicable third-party privacy policies before using such third-party tools on our site.
We use third party vendors and hosting partners to provide the necessary hardware, software, networking, storage, and related technology required to run our services. Although we own the code, databases, and all rights to the SKOR Creative application, you retain all rights to your Personal Data.
Purpose for the Collection, Use, and Disclosure of Your Personal Data
Generally, we may collect, use, disclose and/ or retain your Personal Data for the following purposes:
to create your login profile, processing and termination of your membership when you are no longer engage with our client;
to provide you with membership benefits and services;
to assist you with your enquiries;
to process payment for purchases and subscriptions;
to conduct research, surveys and interviews;
to keep you updated on our events; and
to comply with applicable laws and regulations.
Except as set forth in this Privacy Policy or as specifically agreed to by the Users, We will not disclose any information we gather from users of SKOR Creative. We will also not disclose your Personal Data for any secondary purposes unless your consent has been given or if so permitted or required under the law of personal data protection or other applicable laws and regulations.
We will not sell or license any Personal Data that we collect from an individual. There may be other situations where we may collect and use Your Personal Data, which are outside a person’s reasonable expectation. When this occurs, We are committed in providing the individual with an explanation for the possible use of the Personal Data when asking for the individual’s consent.
Accuracy of Information
We take steps to ensure information is accurate and up-to-date by updating our records whenever changes to information come to its attention. We disregard information which seems, on a reasonable basis, be inaccurate or out of date by reason of the time which has elapsed since it was collected or by reason of any other information in its possession.
If an individual has submitted his/her Personal Data to us electronically or otherwise, and would like it corrected, then a written request should be sent by email to the Privacy Officer at support@skorpoints.com.We will comply with an individual’s request to correct their Personal Dataas soon as practicable.If We disagree with any request to correct an individual’s Personal Data on reasonable grounds, We will annotate the Personal Data with the correction that was requested but not made.
How We Use the Personal Information
To Manage Your Account(s)
We use, process and/or analyse Personal Information about you that We collect when You enter Our mobile application and/or website.
To Contact You
Upon your consent to receive communications and other marketing information from us, We may use your Personal Information that we receive from you to contact You via email, direct mail, telephone or other channels.
To Improve Our Services
We may use your Personal Information to improve Services. For example, when We have some new valuable offers for the users, we will be able to inform you such offers.
Security
We want Users' information (including Personal Information) to remain as secure as possible. We strive to provide secure transmission of the Users’ information from the Users’computer to Our servers through industry-standard techniques. We take steps aimed at securing the Personal Information that the Usersprovide on servers located in controlled, secure environments, protected from loss, unauthorized access, unauthorized disclosure, misuse, destruction or alteration. Only SKOR Creative employees and service providerswho need access to the Users' information to perform a specific task or function are granted access to such information.
In addition, all employees must abide by this Privacy Policy and are kept up-to-date on security practices. Notwithstanding the above commitments to protect the Users’information (including Personal Information) from loss, misuse or alteration by third parties, the Usersshould be aware that there is always some risk involved in transmitting information over the internet. There is also some risk that others could find a way to thwart Our security systems. As a result, while We strive to protect the Users' information, We cannot ensure or warrant the security and privacy of any information the Userstransmit to us, and the Usersdo so at the Users’ own risk.
If You suspect any unauthorised use of Your account or access to your password, You should change it immediately. After you have finished using Our mobile application and/or website, You should log out of Your Account and exit Your browser so that no unauthorized persons can use Our website under Your name or Account.
What About Information You Disclose Publicly Or To Others?
User-Generated Content and Public Information.
The Services may permit You to submit ideas, photographs, user profiles, writings, music, video, audio recordings, computer graphics, pictures, data, questions, comments, suggestions or other content, including Personal Information (collectively, "User Content"), such as on blogs and message boards. We or others may store, display, reproduce, publish, distribute or otherwise use User Content online or offline in any media or format (currently existing or hereafter developed) and may or may not attribute it to You. Others may have access to this User Content and may have the ability to share it with third parties. Please think carefully before deciding what information You share, including Personal Information, in connection with your User Content. Be aware that public postings are not confidential. Please note that We do not control who will have access to the information that You choose to make public, and cannot ensure that parties who have access to such publicly available information will respect Your privacy or keep it secured. We are not responsible for the privacy or security of any information that You make publicly available on the Services or what others do with information You share with them on the Services. We are not responsible for the accuracy, use or misuse of any User Content that You disclose or receive from third parties through the Service.
Profiles
The Users' profile page may be, by default, set up to display information such as the Users' display name, images, location (city/state/country), groups that the Users have joined and optional information added by the Users. Profile information is used by Us primarily to be presented back to and edited by You when You access the Services and to be presented to others permitted to view that information on the Services. We may offer Users the ability to manage their public profile and use profile preference settings, the functionality and features of which are subject to change from time-to-time, so please visit it frequently to confirm the settings reflect Your then current preferences and We recommend that you do not post information or content as part of Your profile that You are not prepared to make public. Changing setting options may not result in immediate changes to the settings, which are subject to Our operations and maintenance schedules. Users should carefully consider the use of such settings to improve information display options and to ensure the settings are properly set and functioning in the manner desired. Not with standing the availability of profile preference settings, You should be aware that these settings are for convenience only, do not employ complex data security protection and may not be error free. Further, other Users that have access may repost or otherwise make public Your information or content. Accordingly, discretion and good judgment should be exercised when posting information or content as part of Your profile.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
We reserves the right to modify and/or update this Privacy Policy as necessary from time to time to reflect the Services, so please check back periodically. If We modify this Privacy Policy, we will notify you through SKOR Creative mobile application and/or website for you to review. If you do not agree with the modified Privacy Policy, you may cease from using Our Services. Your continuous use of Our Services after the modification of Privacy Policy will constitute your agreement to the changes.
Our Accountability
We use a self-assessment approach to assure compliance with this Privacy Policy and periodically verifies that the policy is accurate, comprehensive for the information intended to be covered, prominently displayed, completely implemented and accessible and in conformity with the promises in this policy. We encourage interested persons to raise any concerns using the contact information provided and We will investigate and attempt to resolve any complaints and disputes regarding use and disclosure of Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Disclosure of your Personal Data
We may disclose your Personal Data to the following groups for purposes mentioned above, subjected to the requirements of applicable laws:
the organization who had paid for the use of the portal and app
our professional advisers such as our auditors;;
relevant government regulators, statutory boards or authorities or law enforcement agencies to comply with any laws, rules, guidelines and regulations or schemes imposed by any government authority;
any other person in connection with the purposes set forth above.
Withdrawal of Consent
If you wish to withdraw your consent to any use or disclosure of your Personal Data as set out in this Personal Data Protection Policy, you may contact us via
support@skorpoints.com
.
Please note that if you withdraw your consent to any or all use or disclosure of your Personal Data, depending on the nature of your request, we may no longer in a position to continue to provide benefits and services to you.
How can I get more information about the Privacy Policy?
If you have any queries, comments, or concerns about the Policy, or otherwise require any help, please submit your request to us through
support@skorpoints.com
.