Shadow X VPN
ShadowX VPN is a global company and committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy describes how 65535 Limited("ShadowX VPN", "we" or "us") controls ("collect", "use", "disclose" or "protect") our users' ("your") personal data and how can our users control their data.
We do not log how you utilize VPN connection
Which means we do not see the applications, service or websites you use personally while connected to our Service nor do we store them.
We do not store your original IP address or the server IP address that you connect to which means we cannot share it to anyone no matter what happened.
We will not sell, use, or disclose any personal data to third parties not mentioned in this Privacy for any purpose.
Our guiding principle toward data collection is to collect only the minimal data required to operate a world-class VPN service at scale. We designed our systems to not have sensitive data about our customers; even when compelled, we cannot provide data that we do not possess.
Categories of Personal
Data, How & Why
ACCOUNT DATA
Such as registration date, email address (only if you choose to sign up with an email), subscription status (only if you make the purchase);
This data is automatically collected during actions including registration, purchase. It is strictly used for the user-support purpose.
VPN USAGE DATA
Such as the connection timestamp, choice of the protocol, network type and error report;
This data is automatically collected during VPN connection and is used for troubleshooting & VPN service optimization only.
STATUS DATA
Such as your device information, app version, data usage and geolocation(only city-level)
This data is automatically collected when you open and use ShadowX VPN and it helps us to better understand our users and product planning, to further improve the user experience and user satisfaction.
PAYMENT DATA
Such as payment method, transaction ID (or reference ID) and timestamp;
This data is automatically collected by us when you make a purchase and is used for user support and troubleshooting only. Virtually, more information including geolocation, cardholder last name and last four digits of the Credit card may be collected independently by a third-party payment platform which is separated from our internal system.
OTHER INFORMATION
Defense data: when you try to sign in or sign up on our site, we may collect your original IP address which is deleted automatically in 5 minutes to prevent Brute force. We cannot see the IP address or download it during that period.
Analysis data: such as sites visited via our servers from all users, it is anonymous aggregated data mixed from our tens of millions users which is non-identifying. we do not attribute any website visit or app usage to any specific user.
Feedback records: only if you use ShadowX VPN Customer service chat system or you send e-mails to our official support e-mail address to feedback the problems you encounter, then the we will record your feedback to provide solutions.
Application control: For those who use the application control function, this function will require ShadowX VPN to access your inventory of installed apps. Please noted that we do not log that information.
ShadowX VPN uses your personal information only for the purposes listed in this Privacy Policy, and we do not sell your personal information to third parties.
Consent and Age Restrictions
By using the Site, Content, Apps, Software, or Services, you agree to have your information handled as described in our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
We do not log information from children under 18 intentionally as the Service is not direct to anyone under the age of 18. DO NOT USE the Service if you are not of legal age.
Rights of Access, Rectification, Deletion, and Restriction
You have the right to inquire as to whether ShadowX VPN is Processing Personal Data about you, request access to Personal Data including the categories of personal information we have collected about, and the categories of any of your personal information that we have disclosed for business purpose. You have the right to ask that we correct, amend or delete your Personal Data.
In each case, ShadowX VPN provides this information: We provide the receipt of a Verifiable Consumer Request without charge, ,and you can request us up to 2 occasions every 12 months. We will send you a portable, readily-usable format (e.g. XML, or CSV,etc) within 45 days. If reasonably necessary, we may extend this period by an additional 45 days after we notify you.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
We may need to change our Privacy Policy from time-to-time and all updates will be posted online, consistent with applicable privacy laws and principles. Your continued use of our Site or Services after the effective date of such changes constitutes your acceptance of our Privacy Policy. We will post an effective date at the top of the page for your convenience.