×
Sign up and read for free!
By signing up, you will get a free 7-day Trial to enjoy everything that 12min has to offer.
Signup with facebook
or via form:
Start now
2023 EARLY BIRD OFFER!
67%
OFF
NEW YEAR, NEW LEARNING HABITS!
2500+ MICROBOOKS
AUDIO & TEXT
New Year, New You, New Heights. 🥂🍾 Kick Off 2024 with 70% OFF!
I WANT IT! 🤙
70% OFF
Operation Rescue is underway: 70% OFF on 12Min Premium!
New Year, New You, New Heights. 🥂🍾 Kick Off 2024 with 70% OFF!
I WANT IT! 🤙
Terms of Use and Privacy Policy
Service Terms
Effective, July 1st, 2016
1.1 OVERVIEW
This site is operated by LAUNCH PAD TECHNOLOGY. Throughout the site, the terms "we", "us" and "our" refer to LAUNCH PAD TECHNOLOGY. LAUNCH PAD TECHNOLOGY offers this site, including all information, tools and services available from this site to you, the user, subject to your acceptance of all terms, conditions, policies and notices stated here. By visiting our site and / or purchasing something from us, you become involved in our "Service" and you agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions ("Terms of Service", "Terms"), including those additional terms and conditions and policies referenced in this document and/or available by hyperlink. These Terms of Service apply to all users of the site, including but not limited to users who are browsers, vendors, customers, merchants, and/or content contributors. Please read these Terms of Service carefully before accessing or using our website. By accessing or using any part of the site, you agree to be bound by these Terms of Service. If you do not agree to all of the terms and conditions of this agreement, then you may not access the site or use any services. If these Terms of Service are deemed to be an offer, acceptance is expressly limited to these Terms of Service. Any new features or tools that are added to the current store must also be subject to the Terms of Service. You may review the most current version of the Terms of Service at any time on this page. We reserve the right to update, change or change any part of these Terms of Service by posting updates and / or changes to our site. It is your responsibility to check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of or access to the site after the posting of any changes constitutes acceptance of such changes. Our website is hosted on Heroku.com a subsidiary of Salesforce Inc. They provide us with an online hosting platform that allows us to sell products and services for you.
1.2 TERMS OF SERVICES 12min
By agreeing to these Terms of Service, you state that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, and you have given us your consent to allow any of your underage dependents to use this site. You may not use our products for any illegal or unauthorized purpose, nor may you, in using the Service, violate any laws in your jurisdiction (including, but not limited to, copyright laws). You must not transmit any viruses or any code of a destructive nature. A breach or violation of any of the Terms will result in an immediate termination of your Services.
1.3 GENERAL CONDITIONS
We reserve the right to refuse service to anyone for any reason at any time. You understand that your content (not including credit card information) may be transferred without encryption and involve (a) transmissions over multiple networks; And (b) changes to adapt and adapt to the technical requirements of connecting networks or devices. Credit card information is always encrypted during transfer between networks. You agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit any part of the Service, use of the Service, or access to the Service or any contact on the site through which the service is provided without express written permission by us. The headings used in this agreement are included for convenience only and will not limit or otherwise affect these Terms.
1.4 ACCURACY, INTEGRITY AND CURRENT INFORMATION
We are not responsible if the information made available on this site is not accurate, complete or current. The material on this site is provided for general information only and should not be relied upon or used as the sole basis for making decisions without consulting primary, more accurate, more complete or more current sources of information. Any trust in the material on this site is at your own risk. This site may contain certain historical information. Historical information is not necessarily current and is provided for your reference only. We reserve the right to modify the contents of this site at any time, but we have no obligation to update any information on our site. You agree that it is your responsibility to monitor changes to our site.
In accordance with international laws and treaties on the subject of intellectual property rights, 12min Serviços Digitais e Negócios LTDA is not required to obtain any license to produce, distribute and share, 100% original, opinionated, referenced and book-based content if proper credit is given to the original owner/author of the book. Furthermore, 12min Serviços Digitais e Negócios LTDA, doesn’t distribute any book in its original form nor parts of it and adds all the needed references such as ISBN, original book name and author name.
1.5 MODIFICATIONS TO SERVICE AND PRICES
Prices for our products are subject to change without notice. We reserve the right at any time to modify or discontinue the Service (or any part or content thereof) without notice at any time. We shall not be liable for you or for any reason Third party for any modification, price change, suspension or discontinuance of the Service.
1.6 PRODUCTS OR SERVICES
Certain products or services may be available exclusively online through the website. These products or services may have limited quantities and are subject to return or exchange only in accordance with our Return Policy. We reserve the right, but are not required, to limit the sales of our products or Services to any person, geographic region, or jurisdiction . We can exercise this right on a case-by-case basis. We reserve the right to limit the quantities of any products or services we offer. All product descriptions or product prices are subject to change at any time without notice in our sole discretion. We reserve the right to discontinue any product at any time. Any offer for any product or service made on this site is void where prohibited. We do not guarantee that the quality of any products, services, information or other materials purchased or obtained by you will meet your expectations, or that any errors in the Service will be corrected.
1.7 BILLING INFORMATION AND ACCOUNT ACCURACY
We reserve the right to refuse any request you make to us. We may, at our sole discretion, limit or cancel quantities purchased by persons, by domicile or by request. These restrictions may include orders placed by or under the same customer account, the same credit card, and / or orders that use the same invoice and / or shipping address. In the event that we make a change or cancel a request, we may attempt to notify you by contacting the email and / or billing address / information for all purchases made in our store. You agree to promptly update your account and other information, including yphone number provided at the time the order was placed. We reserve the right to limit or prohibit orders that, in our sole discretion, appear to be made by resellers without prior authorization. You agree to provide current, complete and accurate account and purchase our email address, credit card numbers, and expiration dates, so we can complete your transactions and contact you as needed. For more details, please review our Return Policy.
1.8 OPTIONAL TOOLS
We may provide you with access to third party tools which we neither monitor nor have any control or input. You acknowledge and agree that we provide access to such tools "with them" and "as available" without any warranties, representations or conditions of any kind. Type and without any endorsement. We have no responsibility whatsoever arising out of or relating to your use of optional third party tools. Any use by you of optional tools offered through the site is entirely at your own risk and you must ensure that you are familiar with and Approves the terms under which the tools are provided by the relevant third party supplier (s). We may also in the future offer new services and / or features through the site (including, the launch of new tools and features). Such new features and / or services must also be subject to these Terms of Service.
1.9 THIRD PARTY LINKS
Certain products, content and services available via our Service may include third-party materials. Third-party links on this site may direct you to third-party sites that are not affiliated with us. We are not responsible for examining or evaluating the content or accuracy and we do not warrant and will have no obligation or liability for any materials or third-party sites, or for any other materials, products, or services of third parties. We are not liable for any damages or losses Relating to the purchase or use of goods, services, features, content, or any other transactions made in connection with any third party sites. Please carefully review the policies and practices of third parties and make sure you understand them before engaging in any transaction. Complaints, complaints, concerns or questions regarding third party products should be directed to the third party.
2.0 COMMENTS, FEEDBACK AND OTHER USER SUBMISSIONS
If, at our request, you submit certain specific submissions (eg content to compete in a promotion) or without a request from us, you submit creative ideas, suggestions, proposals, plans, or other materials, whether online, (Collectively, 'comments'), you agree that we may, at any time, without restriction, edit, copy, publish, distribute, translate or otherwise use in any medium comments that you forward to we. We shall have no obligation (1) to keep any comments in confidence; (2) pay compensation for any comments; Or (3) respond to any comments. We may, but are not required to, monitor, edit or remove content that we determine in our sole discretion to be unlawful, offensive, threatening, libelous, defamatory, pornographic, obscene or objectionable or Violate third party intellectual property or these Terms of Service. You agree that your comments will not violate any third party's right, including copyright, trademark, privacy, personality, or other personal or proprietary right. You further agree that your comments will not contain defamatory or otherwise unlawful, abusive or obscene material or that contain any computer viruses or other malware that could in any way affect the operation of the Service or any related site. You may not use a false e-mail address, pretend to be someone other than yourself, or otherwise deceive us or others as to the source of any comments. You are solely responsible for any comments you make and your accuracy. We assume no responsibility and assume no liability for any comments posted by you or any third party.
2.1 PERSONAL INFORMATION
12min only keeps data from your login information and your app interaction when consent permission.
You can delete your personal information from 12min database in an autonomous way by following the steps for deletion in the Settings screen section inside the app.
Your submission of personal information through the app stores is governed by it Privacy Policy. Check your
Android
or
IOS
privacy policy for more information.
2.2 ERRORS, IMPRECISIONS AND OMISSIONS
Occasionally, there may be information on our site or the Service that contains typographical errors, inaccuracies, or omissions that may relate to product descriptions, pricing, promotions, offers, shipping charges, shipping times, and availability. We reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions, and to change or update information or cancel orders if any information on the Service or any related site is inaccurate, at any time and without prior notice (including after sending your request ). We undertake no obligation to update, alter or clarify information on the Service or any related site, including, without limitation, pricing information, except as required by law. No specified updates or update dates applied to the Service or any related site must be taken to indicate that all information on the Service or any related site has been modified or updated.
2.3 PROHIBITED USE
In addition to other prohibitions, as set forth in the Terms of Service, you are prohibited from using the site or its content: (a) for any unlawful purpose; (B) to require others to perform or participate in any unlawful acts; (C) violate any international, provincial, state or federal regulations, local rules, laws or regulations; (D) infringing or violating our intellectual property rights or the intellectual property rights of others; (E) to harass, abuse, insult, defame, slander, demean, intimidate or discriminate on the basis of gender, sexual orientation, religion, ethnicity, race, age, national origin or disability; (F) present false or misleading information; (G) to send or transmit viruses or any other malicious code that will or may be used in any way that affects the functionality or operation of the Service or any related site, other sites, or the Internet; (H) collect or track the personal information of others; (I) to make spam, phishing, pharm, pretext, spider, crawl, or scrape; (J) for any obscene or immoral purpose; Or (k) to interfere with or circumvent the security features of the Service or any related site, other sites, or the Internet. We reserve the right to terminate your use of the Service or any related site for violating any of the prohibited uses.
2.4 DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES; LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
We do not warrant, represent or warrant that your use of our service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free. We do not warrant that the results that may be obtained from the use of the service will be accurate or reliable. You agree that from time to time, We may remove the service for indefinite periods of time or cancel at any time without notice to you. You expressly agree that your use of, or lack of ability to use, the service is at your own risk. The service and all products and services delivered to you through the service are (except as expressly stated by us) supplied 'as is' and 'as available' for your use, without any representation, warranties or conditions of any kind, expressed or Implied warranties, including all implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, durability, title, and non-infringement. In no event shall LAUNCH PAD TECHNOLOGY, our officers, officers, employees, affiliates, agents, contractors , Suppliers, service providers or licensors be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, special or consequential damages, losses or losses of any kind, including, without limitation, loss of profits, loss of revenue, lost savings , loss of data, replacement costs, or any similar damages, whether based on (Including negligence), strict liability or otherwise arising out of your use of any of the services or any products purchased using the service, or for any other claim in any way related to your use of the service or any product, including, but not limited to, any errors or omissions in any content, or any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of the service or any content (or product) published, transmitted or otherwise available through Service, even if advised of their possibility. As some states or jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages in such states or jurisdictions, our liability shall be limited to the maximum extent permitted by law.
2.5 INDEMNIFICATION
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold LAUNCH PAD TECHNOLOGY and our parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, partners, officers, directors, agents, contractors, licensors, service providers, subcontractors, suppliers, trainees and employees harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees made by any third party due to or resulting from your violation of these Terms of Service or the documents you incorporate by reference, or violation of any law or the rights of a third party.
2.6 INDEPENDENCE
In the event that any provision of these Terms of Service is found to be unlawful, void or ineffective, such provision shall, however, be applicable to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, and the unenforceable portion shall be deemed severed from these Terms of Service, the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.
2.7 TERMINATION
The obligations and liabilities of the parties incurred prior to the termination date shall survive termination of this agreement for all purposes. These Terms of Service are effective unless and until terminated by you or us. You may terminate these Terms of Service at any time by notifying us that you no longer wish to use our services, or when you fail to use our site. If at our sole discretion you fail, or we suspect that you failed, with any term or provision of these Terms of Service, we may also terminate this agreement at any time without notice and you shall remain liable for all amounts due up to and including the date of termination; and / or accordingly, we may deny you access to our Services (or any portion thereof).
2.8 COMPREHENSIVE AGREEMENT
Our failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms of Service shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. These Terms of Service and any policies or operating rules posted by us on this site or in respect of the service constitute the entirety of the agreement and understanding between you and us and govern your use of the Service, superseding any prior or contemporaneous agreements, communications and proposals, whether oral or written, between you and us (including, but not limited to, any prior versions of the Terms of Service) . Any ambiguities in the interpretation of these Terms of Service shall not be construed against the party who made them.
2.9 APPLICABLE LEGISLATION
These Terms of Service and any separate agreements in which we provide the Services to you shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Belo Horizonte, MG, 31270-217, Brasil.
3.0 CHANGES TO THE TERMS OF SERVICE
You may review the most current version of the Terms of Service at any time on this page. We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to update, modify or replace any part of these Terms of Service by posting updates and changes to our site. It is your responsibility to check our website periodically. Your continued use or access to our site or to the Service following the posting of any changes to these Terms of Service constitutes acceptance of those changes.
3.1 CONTACT INFORMATION
Questions about the Terms of Service should be sent to us at contato@12min.com.br
4.0 APPLE STORE SUBSCRIPTIONS
A purchase will be applied to your iTunes account on confirmation. Subscriptions will automatically renew unless canceled within 24-hours before the end of the current period. You can cancel anytime with your iTunes account settings. Any unused portion of a free trial will be forfeited if you purchase a subscription.
4.1 ABOUT AUTO-RENEWAL SUBSCRIPTIONS
By tapping Unlock Premium, a payment of
				US$109,90 for 1 Year of 12min Premium will be charged to your iTunes account, and your subscription will automatically renew for the same package length at the same price until your cancel. Your account will be charged for renewal within 24-hours prior to the end of the current period, and identify the cost of the renewal. Subscriptions may be managed by the user and auto-renewal may be turned off by going to the user's Account Settings after purchase. By tapping Unlock Premium, you agree to our Terms.
Privacy Policy
Effective, July 1st, 2016
Privacy Policy and Data
1. The term "personal information" as used herein is defined as any information that identifies or can be used to identify, contact or locate the person to whom such information pertains. The personal information we collect will be subject to this Privacy Policy, which is amended from time to time.
2. When you register with 12min we ask for your email address.
3. The images collected from the user are only used to illustrate their profile and personalize the reading ranking display. The image is added or deleted by the user and 12min does not use these images anywhere else.
4. 12min uses the information that is collected for the following general purposes: provision of products and services, billing, identification and authentication, service improvement, contact and research.
5. As part of the buying and selling process at 12min, we may obtain our customers' email address and/or shipping address. By accepting our User Agreement, you agree that the Personal Information of other users that you obtain through 12min (or through a 12min-related communication or 12min facilitated transaction) is licensed to you only for 12min-related communications that are not messages unsolicited commercials.
6. 12min does not tolerate spam. Therefore, without limiting the foregoing, you are not licensed to add the name of someone who has purchased an item from you, to your mailing list (email or physical mail) without their express consent.
7. 12min only keeps data on your login information and your interaction with the application when permission is granted.
8. You can delete your personal information from the 12min database autonomously by following the deletion steps in the Settings screen section within the application.
9. Your submission of personal information through the app stores is governed by it Privacy Policy. Check your
Android
or
IOS
privacy policy for more information.
WHAT IT MEANS IN PRACTICE
To identify you electronically, a cookie will be stored on your computer. We have a running remarketing tool that allows us to take note of your visits to our site and show relevant ads on our site and across the Internet. You can always choose to opt out.
PCI-DSS
The PCI Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS) is a set of security requirements managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, a joint effort of payment brands including Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Discover . PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the safe handling of credit card information by merchants and service providers.
WHAT IT MEANS IN PRACTICE
We'll use industry safety standards, the same ones used by major credit card companies, to help you keep a secure account at 12 min.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here or through a notice on our homepage, so that you are aware of the information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
WHAT IT MEANS IN PRACTICE
We may change this Privacy Policy. If it's a big change, we'll let you know, here. What we do with your information.
QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS
Any questions about this Privacy Policy should be addressed to contato@12min.com.br.
Last Update on September 13, 2023
Você está a poucos segundos de
revolucionar seu conhecimento!
Baixe nosso app agora,
é grátis!
X
What if you
could read 3
books per day?
Now you can! Start a free trial and gain access to the knowledge of the biggest non-fiction bestsellers.
Sign in with Facebook
cookie bar
close
This website makes use of cookies to enhance the browsing experience and provide additional functionality. None of this data can or will be used to identify or contact you.
This website makes use of third party cookies, see the details in the privacy policy.
This website makes use of tracking cookies, see the details in the privacy policy.
If you prefer, you can select which types of cookies you feel acceptable:
Technical cookies (mandatory)
Third party cookies
Tracking cookies
Save my preferences
To learn more about how this website uses cookies or localStorage, please read our
PRIVACY POLICY
.
By clicking
Allow cookies
you give your permission to this website to store small bits of data on your device.
By clicking
Disallow cookies
,
or by scrolling the page,
you deny your consent to store any cookies and localStorage data for this website, eventually deleting already stored cookies (some parts of the site may stop working properly).
To learn more about cookies and localStorage, visit
Information Commissioner's Office
.
To disable all cookies through the browser, click on the corresponding icon and follow the instructions:
Chrome
Firefox
Internet Explorer
Opera
Safari
This website makes use of cookies to enhance browsing experience and provide additional functionality.
Details
Privacy policy
Disallow cookies
Allow cookies
Customize