This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Opto Games collects, uses, 
						maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the Services offered by Opto Games. 
						This privacy policy applies to all mobile games, other products and services offered by Opto Games.
PERSONEL INFORMATION:
We may use your personel information for connecting a network platform.
We may use Game Center profile information for sharing scores or game ads.
We may use your Google+ profile information for sharing scores or game ads.
We may use your personel information, scores or error debugs; to improve our apps, to improve our servers and web sites and to send periodic e-mails.
Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain activities.
WEB BROWSER COOKIES:
Our Services may use “cookies” to enhance user experience. User’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information 
						about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent.
THIRD PARTY WEB SITES AND FULL SCREEN ADS:
Users may find advertising or other content on our services that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. 
						We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our services. In addition, these sites 
						or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and 
						interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our services, is subject to that website’s own terms and policies.
ADVERTISING:
Ads appearing on our services may be delivered to Users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they 
						send you an online advertisement to compile non personal identification information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other 
						things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This privacy policy does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
GRAPHICS AND GAME ASSETS:
Every texture, graphic, logo, character, animation etc. in our games belongs Opto Games. It is forbidden to use them in any place.
Opto Games company name and logo design has copyright. It is forbidden to use them in any place.
Opto Games reserves all of games rights and changes..
CHANGING THIS PRIVACY POLICY:
Opto Games has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage 
						users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge 
						and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
By using our Services, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Services.
This document was last updated on May 5, 2020.
For all questions,
Contact Us : support@optogames.com
optogames@gmail.com
Home
Games
News
Privacy Policy
Contact Us