Product
Pricing
Blog
Contact
Login
Free Trial
Free Trial
Log in
Privacy Policy (App)
BACKGROUND:
In this Policy, unless specified otherwise, words and phrases shall have the same meanings as specified in our End User Terms and Conditions which can be viewed
here
.
CAM Solutions Ltd.
a company registered in Scotland under registration number SC405805 whose registered office is at 14 South Trinity Road, Edinburgh, Scotland, EH5 3NR, trading as
Coach Logic
, understands that your privacy is important to you and that you care about how your personal data is used and shared online. We respect and value the privacy of Customers and will only collect and use personal data in ways that are described here, and in a manner that is consistent with Our obligations and your rights under the law.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully and ensure that you understand it. You will be required to read and accept this Privacy Policy when signing up for an Account. If you do not accept and agree with this Privacy Policy, you must stop using Our Website immediately.
If you are a Child please read our Privacy Information for Children, at the end of this Policy in
Schedule 1
. This is a child friendly version of this policy information.
1. 	Definitions and Interpretation
In this Policy, the following terms shall have the following meanings:
“Account”
means an account required to access and/or use Services;
“Cookie”
means a small text file placed on your computer or  device by Our Services when you visit certain parts of Our Services and/or when you use certain features of Our Services. Details of the Cookies used by Our Services are set out in section 13, below;
“Cookie Law”
means the relevant parts of the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003;
“Customer”
means a customer of Us, who has entered into a contract for the provision of Our online facilities, tools, services or information that We make available through the Website and Our hardware and software environment in which the services operate either now or in the future;
"Personal data”
is defined by the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) (EU GDPR) (where applicable in relation to the storage retention and processing of EU personal data), the retained EU law version of the General Data Protection Regulation ((EU) 2016/679) (the “UK GDPR”), as it forms part of the law of England and Wales, Scotland, and Northern Ireland by virtue of section 3 of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 and the Data Protection Act 2018 (collectively,
“the Data Protection Legislation”
) as ‘any information relating to an identifiable person who can be directly or indirectly identified in particular by reference to an identifier’;
“We/Us/Our”
means the said CAM Solutions Ltd. trading as CoachLogic (as above).
‍
2.	Information About Us
2.1
Our VAT number is 124846215.
2.2
Our Data Protection Officer is Rūta Mankevičienė, and can be contacted by email at
ruta@coach-logic.com
, or by post at 14 South Trinity Road, Edinburgh, Scotland, EH5 3NR.
2.3
We are regulated by UK’s supervisory authority, the Information Commissioner’s Office.
3.	What Does This Policy Cover?
This Privacy Policy applies only to our use of data gathered by Us in your use of the Services.
4.	Your Rights
4.1
As a data subject, you have the following rights under the data Protection Legislation, which this Policy and Our use of personal data have been designed to uphold:
4.1.1
The right to be informed about Our collection and use of personal data;
4.1.2
The right of access to the personal data We hold about you or your team members. (see section 11);
4.1.3
The right to rectification if any personal data We hold about you or your team members is inaccurate or incomplete (please contact Us using the details in section 14);
4.1.4
The right to be forgotten – i.e. the right to ask Us to delete any personal data We hold about you or your employees [or customers] (We only hold personal data for a limited time, as explained in section 6 but if you would like Us to delete it sooner, please contact Us using the details in section 14). Please note that deletion of certain personal data may prevent the Services from functioning;
4.1.5
The right to restrict (i.e. prevent) the processing of personal data;
4.1.6
The right to data portability (obtaining a copy of personal data to re-use with another service or organisation);
4.1.7
The right to object to Us using personal data for particular purposes; and
4.1.8
Rights with respect to automated decision making and profiling.
4.2
If you have any cause for complaint about Our use of personal data, please contact Us using the details provided in section  14 and We will do Our best to solve the problem for you. If We are unable to help, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with the UK’s supervisory authority, the Information Commissioner’s Office details of which can be found
here
5.	What Data Do We Collect?
Depending on how you use the Services, We may collect some or all of the following personal and non-personal data:
5.1
name;
5.2
date of birth;
5.3
gender;
5.4
business/company name;
5.5
job title;
5.6
profession;
5.7
contact information such as email addresses and telephone numbers;
5.8
demographic information such as post code, preferences, and interests;
5.9
financial information such as credit / debit card numbers;
5.10
IP address;
5.11
web browser type and version;
5.12
operating system;
5.13
a list of URLs starting with a referring site, your activity on Our Website, and the site you exit to;
5.14
profile picture;
5.15
sport or sports played;
5.16
team history;
5.17
weight;
5.18
height;
5.19
equipment brands used;
5.20
clothing brands used;
5.21
personal data pertaining to children
5.22
sporting performance level.
6.	How Do We Use Your Data?
6.1
All personal data is processed and stored securely, for no longer than is necessary in light of the reason(s) for which it was first collected. We will comply with Our obligations and safeguard your rights under the Data Protection Legislation at all times. For more details on security see section 7, below.
6.2
Our use of personal data will always have a lawful basis, either because it is necessary for Our performance of a contract with you, because you have consented to Our use of personal data (e.g. by subscribing to emails or for delivery of the Services), or because it is in Our legitimate interests. Specifically, We may use personal data for the following purposes:
6.2.1
Providing and managing your Account;
6.2.2
Providing and managing your access to the Services;
6.2.3
Personalising and tailoring your experience in the Services;
6.2.4
Supplying Our products and services to you (please note that We require your personal data in order to enter into a contract with you);
6.2.5
Personalising and tailoring Our products and services for you;
6.2.6
Replying to emails from you;
6.2.7
Supplying you with emails that you have opted into (you may unsubscribe or opt-out at any time by clicking unsubscribe link in Our emails, by managing My Account Settings Notification Preferences or contacting us by emailing
info@coach-logic.com
;
6.2.8
Market research;
6.2.9
Analysing your use of Our Services and gathering feedback to enable Us to continually improve Our Services and your user experience.
6.3
With your permission and/or where permitted by law, We may also use your data for marketing purposes which may include contacting you by email and/or telephone and/or text message and/or post with information, news and offers on Our products and/or services. We will not, however, send you any unsolicited marketing or spam and will take all reasonable steps to ensure that We fully protect your rights and comply with Our obligations under the Data Protection Legislation and the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003.
6.4
You have the right to withdraw your consent to Us using your personal data at any time, and to request that We delete it; however, this may adversely affect the delivery, use and function of the Services.
6.5
We do not keep personal data for any longer than is necessary in light of the reason(s) for which it was first collected. Data will therefore be retained for the following periods (or its retention will be determined on the following bases):
6.5.1
We only keep your data for as long as We need to in order to use it as described in section 6.2 and/or for as long as We have your permission to keep it. Your data will be deleted if we no longer need it in accordance with the terms of our Data Retention Policy.
6.5.2
Our account holder data – continuous until such time your subscription is terminated and then will be held in archives for up to two years.
6.5.3
Data of subscribers to our direct marketing will be kept within our email marketing database until you choose to Unsubscribe.
6.5.4
Analytics data set to expire after 14 months.
6.5.5
Data for financial purposes will be retained for the legal period of seven years.
7.	How and Where Do We Store Your Data?
7.1
We only keep personal data for as long as We need to in order to use it as described above in section 6, and/or for as long as We have your permission to keep it.
7.2
We will store some of your personal data within the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). The EEA consists of all EU member states, plus Norway, Iceland, and Liechtenstein. This means that your personal data will be fully protected under the EU GDPR and/or to equivalent standards by law. Transfers of personal data to the EEA from the UK are permitted without additional safeguards.
7.3
We store some of your personal data in countries outside of the EEA. These are known as “third countries”. We will take additional steps in order to ensure that your personal data is treated just as safely and securely as it would be within the UK and the EEA and under the Data Protection Legislation as follows:
7.3.1
We will store or transfer personal data in or to countries that are deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data. For further information about adequacy decisions and adequacy regulations, please refer to the Information Commissioner’s Office; or
7.3.2
We will use specific approved contracts which ensure the same levels of personal data protection that apply under the Data Protection Legislation. For further information, please refer to the Information Commissioner’s Office.
7.4
Please contact Us using the details below in Part  14 for further information about the particular data protection safeguards used by Us when transferring your personal data to a third country.
7.5
Steps We take to secure and protect your data include but not limited to:
7.5.1
All the personal data you provide to Us over https://app.coach-logic.com is transferred and protected over a secure SSL connection;
7.5.2
Password protected;
7.5.3
Role based access and admin roles to prevent unauthorized access to personal data;
7.5.4
Dual factor authentication;
7.5.5
Regular back-ups;
7.5.6
Data minimisation;
7.5.7
Anonymisation;
7.5.8
Pseudonymisation;
7.5.9
Written agreement with third-party data processors;
7.5.10
Dashboards and alerts to enhance system control and monitoring;
7.5.11
Data encryption at rest and in transit;
7.5.12
Systems, devices and software are kept up to date.
7.5.13
Regular data protection and security training.
7.6
Notwithstanding the security measures that We take, it is important to note that the transmission of data via the internet may not be completely secure and that you are advised to take suitable precautions when transmitting to Us data via the Internet.
8.	Do We Share Your Data?
8.1
We may share your data with other companies in Our group for administrative and internal management. This includes Our subsidiaries and/or Our holding company and its subsidiaries.
8.2
We may sometimes contract with third parties to supply products and services to you on Our behalf. These may include payment processing, delivery of goods, search engine facilities, advertising, and marketing. In some cases, the third parties may require access to some or all of your data. Where any of your data is required for such a purpose, We will take all reasonable steps to ensure that your data will be handled safely, securely, and in accordance with your rights, Our obligations, and the obligations of the third party under the law.
8.3
We may compile statistics about the use of products and services including the Services including data on traffic, usage patterns, user numbers, sales, and other information. All such data will be anonymised and will not include any personally identifying data, or any anonymised data that can be combined with other data and used to identify you or your employees or members. We may from time to time share such data with third parties such as prospective investors, affiliates, partners, and advertisers. Data will only be shared and used within the bounds of the law.
8.4
The third-party data processors used by Us and listed below are located outside of the UK and the EEA. Where We transfer any personal data outside the EEA, We will take all reasonable steps to ensure that your data is treated as safely and securely as it would be within the UK and the EEA and under the Data Protection Legislation :
8.4.1
Amazon Web Services (EU servers, unless chosen different servers by you for video storage, video clips, playlists);
8.4.2
Zendesk (US, EU servers)
8.4.3
Microsoft Azure (EU servers)
8.4.4
Google Inc. (EU and US servers);
8.4.5
Active Campaign (US servers);
8.4.6
Xero (New Zealand);
8.4.7
Stripe Inc. (US and EU servers)
8.5
In certain circumstances, We may be legally required to share certain data held by Us, which may include your personal data, for example, where We are involved in legal proceedings, where We are complying with legal requirements, a court order, or a governmental authority.
9.	What Happens If Our Business Changes Hands?
9.1
We may, from time to time, expand or reduce Our business and this may involve the sale and/or the transfer of control of all or part of Our business. Any personal data that you have provided will, where it is relevant to any part of Our business that is being transferred, be transferred along with that part and the new owner or newly controlling party will, under the terms of this Privacy Policy, be permitted to use that data only for the same purposes for which it was originally collected by Us.
9.2
In the event that any of your data is to be transferred in such a manner, you will not be contacted in advance and informed of the changes. When contacted you will not be given the choice to have your data deleted or withheld from the new owner or controller.
10.	How Can You Control Your Data?
10.1
When you submit personal data to us, you may be given options to restrict Our use of your data. In particular, We aim to give you strong controls on Our use of your data for direct marketing purposes (including the ability to opt-out of receiving emails from Us which you may do by unsubscribing using the links provided in Our emails and at the point of providing your details and by managing your Account).
10.2
You may also wish to sign up to one or more of the preference services operating in the UK: The Telephone Preference Service (“the TPS”), the Corporate Telephone Preference Service (“the CTPS”), and the Mailing Preference Service (“the MPS”). These may help to prevent you receiving unsolicited marketing. Please note, however, that these services will not prevent you from receiving marketing communications that you have consented to receiving.
11.	How Can You Access Your Data?
You have the right to ask for a copy of any of your personal data held by Us (where such data is held). Please contact Us for more details at ruta@coach-logic.com or using the contact details below in section 14.
12.	How We Manage Personal Data Pertaining to Children
12.1
Our Services are not specifically targeted for use by children; however, Our Services have been developed with the potential for child users in mind, incorporating appropriate safeguards and considerations.
12.2
We try to collect as little personal data belonging to children as is possible, The data we require to collect in relation to child End Users is:
•	the child’s name;
•	the country where the child lives;
•	an email address for Account set up and recovery;
•	the child’s username;
•	the child’s password
We may agree with a Customer it will collect and store a child End User’s username and password on their systems, if this is the case We will not store this information on our computer and database systems.
12.3
Any additional personal data belonging to the child End User as part of the Services will only be collected if it is volunteered by a Customer, User or the child End User. If a Customer, User or a child End User volunteers any personal data to Us it is deemed that the Customer, User or child End User gives explicit consent (and the Customer, User or child End User has the capacity and authority (where they are a User or a Customer) to give said explicit consent) to the collection, processing, use and retention of such personal data pertaining the child for the purposes of Us providing the Services.
12.4
Children below the applicable age for digital consent are not allowed to individually sign up for an Account and use Our Services. Customer’s using Coach Logic may invite a child to create an Account and use the Services as an End User only with express written consent from a parent or legal guardian. Coach Logic is not responsible for obtaining consent to a child creating an account and their use of the Services on behalf of a Customer.
12.5
We do not engage in marketing to children, nor do We share, sell, profile, or use automated decision-making processes regarding children's data. If We receive any requests related to a child invoking its rights under this Policy, We will comply with our obligations under the Privacy Legislation and where appropriate inform and assist Customer’s (which may be at the customer’s cost) in fulfilling their obligations to honour these rights.
12.6
If you are a Customer granting a child access to create an Account and use the Services as an End User you must ensure they are made aware of the child friendly privacy terms forming Schedule 1 of this Privacy Policy (and any subsequent changes/ updates).
13.	Our Use of Cookies
13.1
Our Website may place and access certain first party Cookies on your computer or device. First party Cookies are those placed directly by Us and are used only by Us. We use Cookies to facilitate and improve your experience of Our Website and to provide and improve Our products and services. We have carefully chosen these Cookies and have taken steps to ensure that your privacy and personal data is protected and respected at all times.
13.2
By using Our Website you may also receive certain third party Cookies on your computer or device. Third party Cookies are those placed by websites, services, and/or parties other than Us. Third party Cookies are used on Our Website for video embed services, analytics. For more details, please refer to section 6, above, and to section  13.6 below. These Cookies are not integral to the functioning of Our Website and your use and experience of Our Website will not be impaired by refusing consent to them.
13.3
All Cookies used by and on Our Website are used in accordance with current Cookie Law.
13.4
Before Cookies are placed on your computer or device, you will be shown a Pop up requesting your consent to set those Cookies. By giving your consent to the placing of Cookies you are enabling Us to provide the best possible experience and service to you. You may, if you wish, deny consent to the placing of Cookies; however certain features of Our Website may not function fully or as intended.
13.5
Certain features of Our Website depend on Cookies to function. Cookie Law deems these Cookies to be “strictly necessary”. These Cookies are shown below in section 13.6. Your consent will not be sought to place these Cookies, but it is still important that you are aware of them. You may still block these Cookies by changing your internet browser’s settings as detailed below in section 13.10, but please be aware that Our Website may not work properly if you do so. We have taken great care to ensure that your privacy is not at risk by allowing them.
13.6
The following first party Cookies may be placed on your computer or device:
Name of Cookie
Purpose
Strictly Necessary
.ASPXAUTH
The ASPXAUTH cookie is used to determine if a user is authenticate to the Coach Logic's Web App.
Yes
ARRAffinity
User to ensure subsequent requests from a user are routed back to the web site instance that the user initially connected to.
Yes
__stripe_mid
Used to identify the user’s session on the server.
Yes
ASP.NET_SessionId
These cookies are set and used by our payment gateway Stripe for handling payment transactions.
Yes
__stripe_sid
These cookies are set and used by our payment gateway Stripe for handling payment transactions.
Yes
and the following third-party Cookies may be placed on your computer or device:
Name of Cookie
Providor
Purpose
nsr
Stripe
These cookies are set and used by our payment gateway Stripe for handling payment transactions.
CONSENT
YouTube
Enable users to view video.
PREF
YouTube
Google "Preferences" Cookie.
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE
YoutTube
YouTube Bandwidth Measurement.
YSC
Vimeo
This cookie is used when watching embedded YouTube videos.
_ceg.s
Vimeo
Web analytics that tracks how visitors interact with pages.
_ceg.u
Vimeo
Web analytics that tracks how visitors interact with pages.
_ga
Vimeo
Used to distinguish users for Google Analytics.
_gid
Vimeo
Used to distinguish users for Google Analytics.
_uetsid
Vimeo
Used to collect analytical information.
continuous_play_v3
Vimeo
Used to keep track of whether continuous play is on or not for a user.
vuid
Vimeo
Vimeo Analytics unique id.
player
Vimeo
Used for Vimeo video player.
__gads
Vimeo
Used by Google DoubleClick for Publishers to advertise on the site.
__qca
Vimeo
Quantcast cookie created to allow reporting and anonymous data collection.
__utma
Vimeo
Google Analytics cookie. It it used to calculate new and returning visitor statistics.
__utmz
Vimeo
This cookie identifies the source of traffic to the site - so Google Analytics can tell site owners where visitors came from when arriving on the site.
13.7
Our Website uses analytics services provided by Google Analytics, Microsoft Azure Application Insights. Website analytics refers to a set of tools used to collect and analyse anonymous usage information, enabling Us to better understand how Our Website is used. This, in turn, enables Us to improve Our Website and the products and services offered through it. You do not have to allow Us to use these Cookies, however whilst Our use of them does not pose any risk to your privacy or your safe use of Our Website, it does enable Us to continually improve Our Website, making it a better and more useful experience for you.
13.8
The analytics service(s) used by Our Website use(s) Cookies to gather the required information.
13.9
The analytics service(s) used by Our Website use(s) the following Cookies:
Name of Cookie
first
Provider
Purpose
_ga
first
Google Analytics
This cookie is used to distinguish unique users by assigning a randomly generated number as a client identifier.
_gid
first
Google Analytics
Used to distinguish users for Google Analytics.
ai_user
first
Microsoft Azure Application Insights
This is a unique user identifier cookie enabling counting of the number of users accessing the application over time for Application Insights.
ai_session
first
Microsoft Azure Application Insights
This is a unique user identifier cookie enabling counting of the number of users accessing the application over time for Application Insights.
13.10
In addition to the controls that We provide, you can choose to enable or disable Cookies in your internet browser. Most internet browsers also enable you to choose whether you wish to disable all cookies or only third-party Cookies. By default, most internet browsers accept Cookies but this can be changed. For further details, please consult the help menu in your internet browser or the documentation that came with your device.
13.11
You can choose to delete Cookies on your computer or device at any time, however you may lose any information that enables you to access Our Website more quickly and efficiently including, but not limited to, login and personalisation settings.
13.12
It is recommended that you keep your internet browser and operating system up-to-date and that you consult the help and guidance provided by the developer of your internet browser and manufacturer of your computer or device if you are unsure about adjusting your privacy settings.
14.	Contacting Us
If you have any questions about Our Website or this Privacy Policy, please contact Us by email at info@coach-logic.com, or by post at 14 South Trinity Road, Edinburgh, Scotland, EH5 3NR. Please ensure that your query is clear, particularly if it is a request for information about the data We hold about you (as under section 11, above).
15.	Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time (for example, if the law changes). Any changes will be immediately posted on Our Website and you will be deemed to have accepted the terms of the Privacy Policy on your first use of Our Website following the alterations. We recommend that you check this page regularly to keep up-to-date.
‍
Schedule 1
Privacy Information for Children
We are CAM Solutions Ltd. also known as Coach Logic. We are owners of a website platform for reviewing and analysing performance of players and sports teams, this is the website that you are currently on (https://www.coach-logic.com/) and any subdomains of this website (e.g. subdomain.coach-logic.com).
If your school, college, sports team, organisation or club has given you permission to sign up to use our services you need to read the important information below before signing up and making an account.
If you are not legally an adult in the country you are accessing this website and you have not received permission from your  school, college, sports team, organisation or club to create an account with us you must not try to create an account and sign up to use our services yourself.
To allow you access to certain parts of the website and provide you with our services we need to collect, use, share and store some of your personal data.
Below we will discuss what personal data is, how we use your personal data and what your rights are.
What is Personal Data?
Personal data is information about you as an individual such as your name, age and where you live.
What Personal Data Do We Collect?
We need to collect some of your personal data so that you can access our services and your account with us.  Listed below is the personal data we need to collect:
•	Your Name
•	The Country where you live
•	Your Email Address
•	Your Username
•	Your Password
We try to collect as little Personal data belonging to you as is possible, sometimes we will agree with your school, college, sports team, organisation or club that they will collect and store your username and password on their systems, if this is the case we will not store this information on our computer and database systems.
We may collect other information that you or your school, college, sports team, organisation or club uploads onto our website when using our services such as:
videos uploaded by your school, college, sports team, organisation or club of you participating/ playing in training sessions or games;  a profile photo;
a secondary email address (for the recovery of your account);
a contact telephone number;
Your date of birth;
And other information you or your school, college, sports team, organisation or club provides/ uploads to the platform on our website, through the use of our services.
How do we store your personal data and keep it safe?
The personal data we collect is stored safely in a databases in the Republic of Ireland.
We use the companies Microsoft (Azure Cloud Server) and Amazon (Web Services) to store your personal data. We make sure that we comply with all relevant laws when storing your data, we make sure that all information we collect automatically uploads to EU (Republic of Ireland) servers, with the possibility to upload to another region.
If we sell our business your personal data will be transferred to the new owner, but they will only be allowed to use your personal data for the purposes you have allowed us to use it.
We at Coach Logic have put in place safeguarding measures to ensure your personal data is kept safe for as long as we store it and that you are kept safe when using our platform on our website and when accessing our services:
Protections to keep your personal data safe:
•	All the personal data you provide to us through your use of our services is transferred securely, we make sure all of our systems are up-to-date and we have regular security checks;
•	We use password protections;
•	We only let specific individuals within our team and at your school, college, sports team or club access your personal data;
•Dual factor authentication (e.g. a password or code is sent to another device when you try to log in to use the services to verify it is you that is logging in);
•We regularly back-up your personal data to a secure location;
•	Where possible we anonymise data (this means we can’t identify who the information belongs to);
•We have written agreements with other companies we use to store your data to make sure they also keep your data safe and secure.
Protections to keep you safe when using our services:
•	The Coach Logic platform on our website is not public; underage users you must be invited by your school, college, sports team or club's administrator before you can create an account with us.
•	Member management is overseen by your school’s, college’s, sports team’s, organisation’s or club's administrator.
•Your school’s, college’s, sports team’s, organisation’s or club's administrator, has the ability to limit what you can do on our website which include:
•	Not being able upload videos or images to the video library on the platform on the website
•	Limiting access to only viewing published content approved by your school’s, college’s, sports team’s, organisation’s or club's administrator.
•	User-to-user communication is disabled for platforms with underage users. This prevents direct messaging between underage users, allowing them to communicate only with school’s, college’s, sports team’s, organisation’s or club's administrative staff.
We only use your personal data to grant you access to your account and to use the services through your school, college, sports team, organisation or club. We will never share, sell, profile, or use your personal data for any other purpose without your/ your parent or guardian’s permission.
How Long Do We Keep Your Personal Data?
We keep your personal data for as long as your school, college, sports team, organisation or club has a contract with us to use the services on our website and for up to 24 months after that contract has ended.  Your school, college, sports team, organisation or club can ask us at any time to delete or return information which we hold for them as part of the services, which may include information about you. If want to know more about how long your data is held you should talk to your school, college, sports team, organisation or club.
Cookies and Analytics
Our website uses cookies.
A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that is downloaded on to your computer/mobile device when you visit a website. Cookies are used by many websites and can do a number of things, including remembering you and how you use the website, recording what you done on the website, and counting the number of people looking at a website. Some of these cookies are created by us and some are created by other companies we use to provide certain services through our website.
Our Website also uses analytics.
Website analytics are a set of tools used to collect and analyse how a person uses the website so that we can understand how our website is used and how we can make the website better. Allowing the use of analytics is safe and we cannot identify who you are if you allow the analytics; however you have the right to stop the use of analytics on your computer / mobile device.
A Pop-up notice box will appear before any cookies or analytics are put on your computer or mobile device, requesting your consent to set those Cookies and analytics. Some of these cookies are necessary for the website and our services to work, these cookies cannot be disabled. All of the cookies and analytics we use are safe and legal, and will not harm your computer or mobile device;  however, if you like, you can reject certain cookies and analytics being placed on your computer or mobile device. If you do not allow these cookies or analytics certain parts of our website may not work properly.
If later on you change your mind about allowing cookies and analytics you can change your choices on your computer or mobile device in your internet browser, if you are not sure how to do this you may need to get a parent or guardian to help you with this. If you choose to delete some cookies or analytics then some of the information and settings on our platform and the website that you have provided may be lost.
How do you contact us?
If you have any questions about:
1)	our website;
2)	what personal data we have that belongs to you;
3)	how we use your personal data;
4)	how we store your personal data;
5)	how we share your personal data;
6)	how you can access your personal data;
please contact us by email at
info@coach-logic.com
, or by post at 14 South Trinity Road, Edinburgh, Scotland, EH5 3NR. We may need to contact your school, college, sports team, organisation or club with your question as they may need to be involved when giving you an answer.
We may update this information from time to time. Any updates will be posted to our website. Your school, college, sports team, organisation or club should make you aware of any updates to this information.
End of policy
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.coach-logic.com/terms:
Product
Pricing
Blog
Contact
Login
Free Trial
Free Trial
Log in
CONTACT SUPPORT
Privacy Policy
You must enable support cookies to use the contact support widget. Alternatively you can email
support@coach-logic.com
.
Support Cookies
Support cookies are "functional" cookies that allow us to provide enhanced assistance. They are used to debug user sessions and to contact someone on the team using our support widget if you need help.
COOKIE SETTINGS
Privacy Policy
We use cookies to provide enhanced support and to continually improve our applications and services. For non essential cookies, no user identifiable information is recorded other than a reference to your Coach Logic ID.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are considered "strictly necessary" and are essential for the use of our application and website. They are used to keep you logged in and manage authorisation during payments.
Support Cookies
Support cookies are "functional" cookies that allow us to provide enhanced assistance. They are used to debug user sessions and to contact someone on the team using our support widget if you need help.
Analytics Cookies
We use information gained from analytics cookies, as well as tracking pixels from Facebook and Twitter, for insight to continually develop and improve services for our users.
ACCEPT ALL COOKIES
ACCEPT CONFIGURED COOKIES
CONFIGURE COOKIES
REJECT ALL COOKIES
Index of terms
Application Privacy Policy
Website Privacy Policy
End User Terms
Application Terms and Conditions
Website Terms and Conditions
Self-Pay Terms and Conditions