TUUNES
PRIVACY POLICY
Privacy Policy according to the EU General Data Protection Regulation (DSGVO)
1. Name and contact details of the controller
This privacy policy applies to data processing by:
Whitepoint GmbH
Große Johannisstraße 13
20457 Hamburg, Germany
Phone +49 (0)40 349 99 74 - 0
Fax +49 (0)40 349 99 74 - 2
Web www.tuunes.co • service (at) tuunes (dot) co
iOS https://itunes.apple.com/app/id1177574580
Android https://tuunes.app
Represented by: Jan Kollmorgen, CEO
2. Collection and storage of personal data as well as the nature and purpose of their use
a) When visiting the website
When you visit our website, the browser used on your device automatically sends information to the server of our website. This information is temporarily stored in a so-called log file. The following information will be collected without your intervention and stored until automated deletion:
IP address of the requesting computer Date and time of access Name and URL of the retrieved file Website from which access takes place (referrer URL) the browser used and, if applicable, the operating system of your computer as well as the name of your access provider.
The data mentioned are processed by us for the following purposes:
Ensure a smooth connection of the website Ensure comfortable use of our website Evaluation of system security and stability as well as for further administrative purposes.
The legal basis for data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. f DSGVO. Our legitimate interest follows from the data collection purposes listed above. In no case we use the collected data for the purpose of drawing conclusions about you.
In addition, we use cookies and analysis services when visiting our website. Further details can be found under no. 4 and 5 of this privacy policy.
b) When registering for our newsletter
If, pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. a DSGVO have expressly consented, we use your e-mail address to regularly send you our newsletter. For the receipt of the newsletter the indication of an e-mail address is sufficient.
The deregistration is possible at any time, for example via a link at the end of each newsletter. Alternatively you can also send your unsubscribe request to service@tuunes.app by e-mail.
c) By using our contact form
For questions of any kind, we offer you the opportunity to contact us via a form provided on the website. It is necessary to provide a valid e-mail address so that we know who the request came from and to answer it. Further information can be provided voluntarily.
The data processing for the purpose of contacting us is in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. a DSGVO based on your voluntarily granted consent.
The personal data collected by us for the use of the contact form will be automatically deleted after completion of the request made by you.
3. Disclosure of data
A transfer of your personal data to third parties for purposes other than those listed below does not take place.
We only share your personal information with third parties if:
You yours according to Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. a DSGVO have given express consent to this disclosure pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f DSGVO is required to assert, exercise or defend legal claims and there is no reason to assume that you have a predominantly legitimate interest in not disclosing your data in the event that disclosure pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. c DSGVO there is a legal obligation this is legally permissible and according to Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. b DSGVO is required for the settlement of contractual relationships with you.
4. Cookies
We use cookies on our site. These are small files that your browser automatically creates and that are stored on your device (laptop, tablet, smartphone, etc.) when you visit our site. Cookies do not harm your device, do not contain viruses, Trojans or other malicious software.
In the cookie information is stored, each resulting in connection with the specific terminal used. However, this does not mean that we are immediately aware of your identity.
On the one hand, the use of cookies serves to make the use of our offer more pleasant for you. For example, we use so-called session cookies to recognize that you have already visited individual pages on our website. These are automatically deleted after leaving our page.
In addition, to improve usability, we also use temporary cookies that are stored on your device for a specified period of time. If you visit our site again to take advantage of our services, it will automatically recognize that you have already been with us and what inputs and settings you have made, so you do not have to re-enter them.
On the other hand, we use cookies in order to statistically record the use of our website and to evaluate it for the purpose of optimizing our offer (see Section 5). These cookies enable us to automatically recognize when you visit our site again that you have already visited us. These cookies are automatically deleted after a defined time.
The data processed by cookies are for the purposes mentioned in order to safeguard our legitimate interests as well as third parties according to Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f DSGVO required.
Most browsers accept cookies automatically. However, you can configure your browser so that no cookies are stored on your computer or always a hint appears before a new cookie is created. However, disabling cookies completely may mean that you can not use all features of our website.
5. Analysis tools
The tracking measures listed below and used by us are based on Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f DSGVO. With the tracking measures to be used, we want to ensure a needs-based design and the continuous optimization of our website. On the other hand, we use the tracking measures to statistically record the use of our website and evaluate it for the purpose of optimizing our offer for you. These interests are to be regarded as justified within the meaning of the aforementioned provision.
The respective data processing purposes and data categories can be found in the corresponding tracking tools.
a) Google Analytics
For the purpose of customizing and continually optimizing our pages, we use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. (https://www.google.com/intl/en/about/) (1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA, hereafter "Google"). In this context, pseudonymised usage profiles are created and cookies (see point 4) are used.
The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website such as
Browser type / version
Used operating system
Referrer URL (the previously visited page)
Host name of the accessing computer (IP address)
Time of the server request
are transmitted to a Google server in the US and stored there.
The information is used to evaluate the use of the website, to compile reports on website activity and to provide further services related to website activity and internet usage for the purposes of market research and for designing these websites as required. This information may also be transferred to third parties if required by law or if third parties process this data in the order. Under no circumstances will your IP address be merged with any other data provided by Google. The IP addresses are anonymized, so that an assignment is not possible (IP masking).
You can prevent the installation of cookies by setting the browser software accordingly; however, we point out that in this case not all features of this website may be fully exploited.
You can also prevent the collection of data generated by the cookie and related to your use of the website (including your IP address) and the processing of this data by Google by downloading and installing a browser add-on (https: // tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en).
As an alternative to the browser add-on, especially for browsers on mobile devices, you can also prevent detection by Google Analytics by clicking on this link (please activate when programming). An opt-out cookie will be set that will prevent the future collection of your data when you visit this website. The opt-out cookie is only valid in this browser and only for our website and is stored on your device. If you delete the cookies in this browser, you must set the opt-out cookie again.
For more information about privacy related to Google Analytics, see the Google Analytics Help Center (https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/ 6004245? Hl = DE).
b) Firebase and the Google Cloud Platform
Our apps use Google Firebase technology (Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA, "Google"). Firebase is part of the Google Cloud Platform and offers many services to developers. A list can be found here: https://firebase.google.com/terms/. Some Firebase services process personal information. In most cases, the personal data is limited to so-called "instance IDs" that are time-stamped. Firebase's Instance IDs are unique, allowing you to link different events or processes. These data are neither personally identifiable information nor do we make efforts to personalize it afterwards. We process this summarized data for the analysis and optimization of the usage behavior, as for example by the evaluation of crash reports.
In addition to the "Instance ID" described above, Google also uses the advertising ID of the device for Firebase Analytics. In the device settings of your mobile device you can limit the use of the advertising ID.
For Android: Settings> Google> Ads> Reset Advertising ID
For iOS: Settings> Privacy> Advertising> No Ad Tracking
Firebase Cloud Messaging is used to deliver push messages or so-called in-app messages (messages that only appear within the app). In this case, the terminal is assigned a pseudonymized push reference, which serves as the destination for the push messages or in-app messages. The push messages can be deactivated in the settings of the terminal at any time and also activated again.
We do not use Firebase services that use personally identifiable information, such as IP addresses, e-mail addresses, telephone numbers or passwords. For more information on Firebase privacy and security, please visit: https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy/ If possible, we will use servers with a location within the EU. However, it can not be ruled out that data will also be transmitted to the USA. Google has joined the EU-US Privacy Shield, a data protection agreement between the EU and the US. For more information about Google Firebase and privacy, visit https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/ and https://firebase.google.com/.
In addition, we have signed several contracts with Google for order data processing. In it, Google commits itself to protect the data of our users, according to their privacy policy on our behalf to process and in particular not to third parties.
You may object to the setting or processing of cookies and the associated profiling through our website, as described above.
c) reCAPTCHA
To protect your requests via the internet form, we use the reCAPTCHA service of Google Inc. (Google). The query is used to distinguish whether the input is made by a human or abusive by automated, mechanical processing. The query includes the sending of the IP address and any other data required by Google for the reCAPTCHA service to Google. For this purpose, your input will be transmitted to Google and used there. However, your IP address will be shortened beforehand by Google within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states of the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be sent to a Google server in the US and shortened there. Google will use this information on behalf of the operator of this website to evaluate your use of this service. The IP address sent by your browser as part of reCaptcha will not be merged with other data provided by Google. This data is subject to the deviating privacy policies of Google. For more information about Google's Privacy Policy, please visit https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/.
6. Social Media Plug-ins and Tools
We rely on our website on the basis of Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f DSGVO social social plug-ins and other tools to make our company better known. The underlying commercial purpose is to be regarded as a legitimate interest within the meaning of the DSGVO. Responsibility for the operation compliant with data protection is to be guaranteed by their respective providers.
The integration of these plug-ins by us is done by means of the so-called two-click method to protect visitors to our website in the best possible way.
a) Facebook
On our website social media plugins from Facebook are used to personalize their use, such as Acount Kit. For this we use the "LIKE" or "SHARE" button. It is an offer from Facebook.
If you visit a page of our website that contains such a plugin, your browser establishes a direct connection to the Facebook servers. The content of the plugin is transmitted by Facebook directly to your browser and incorporated by him into the website.
By integrating the plugins, Facebook receives the information that your browser has accessed the corresponding page of our website, even if you do not have a Facebook account or are currently not logged in to Facebook. This information (including your IP address) is transmitted from your browser directly to a Facebook server in the US and stored there.
If you are logged in to Facebook, Facebook can assign the visit to our website directly to your Facebook account. If you interact with the plugins, for example by pressing the "LIKE" or "SHARE" button, the corresponding information is also transmitted directly to a Facebook server and stored there. The information will also be posted on Facebook and displayed to your Facebook friends.
Facebook may use this information for the purpose of advertising, market research and tailor-made Facebook pages. For this purpose, Facebook uses user, interest and relationship profiles, eg. For example, to evaluate your use of our website in relation to the advertisements displayed on Facebook, to inform other Facebook users about your activities on our website, and to provide other services related to the use of Facebook.
If you do not want Facebook to assign the data collected via our website to your Facebook account, you must log out of Facebook before visiting our website.
The purpose and scope of the data collection and the further processing and use of the data by Facebook, as well as your related rights and settings options for the protection of your privacy, please refer to the privacy policy ( and https://www.accountkit.com/faq/?locale=en_US) of Facebook.
b) Third Party Services
When you use our Services, you might also use third party services. We do not control how they interact with you and you should ensure that you consent to the terms of use and privacy policies offered by the third party services before providing them with your information.
You acknowledge that we are not liable when third party services use information you provide to them.
We encourage you to be careful about the protection of your own personal information when using third party services such as social media platforms.
We also work with certain business partners and advertising partners, and information collected from you may be shared through these partnerships. Below is a list of our business partners that we actively share user information and site usage data with (this list is subject to change):
Chartboost
Located in United States.
Read their Privacy Policy
and GDPR Info
https://answers.chartboost.com/en-us/articles/115001489613
.
Kochava
Located in United States. Read their Privacy Policy and GDPR info:
https://www.kochava.com/support-privacy/
.
7. Duration of data storage
We process and store your personal information as long as it is necessary for the fulfillment of our contractual and legal obligations. It should be noted that our business relationship is a continuing obligation, which is designed for several years.
If the data is no longer required for the fulfillment of contractual or legal obligations, these data are deleted on a regular basis, unless their - temporary - further processing is required for the following purposes:
Fulfillment of commercial and tax retention periods: The Commercial Code, the Tax Code, the Banking Act, the Money Laundering Act and the Securities Trading Act must be mentioned. The deadlines for storage and documentation are two to ten years.
Preservation of evidence under the statute of limitations. According to §§195 ff. Of the Civil Code (BGB), these limitation periods can be up to 30 years, whereby the regular limitation period is three years.
8. Tuunes Account
On our website you can create an account at
https://www.tuunes.co/create-new-account
.
If you want to delete your existing account, please log in with your login data at
https://www.tuunes.co/login
. This applies to accounts with Facebook login, Apple login and mail login. In ACCOUNT SETTINGS you can scroll down to the option DELETE ACCOUNT. This will delete the entire account record including associated personal data.
9. Affected rights
You have the right:
in accordance with Art. 15 DSGVO, to request information about your personal data processed by us. In particular, you may provide information about the purposes of the processing, the category of personal data, the categories of recipients to whom your data has been disclosed, the planned retention period, the right of rectification, cancellation, restriction on processing or opposition Existence of a right of appeal, the origin of their data, if not collected from us, as well as the existence of automated decision-making including profiling and, where appropriate, meaningful information about their details in accordance with Art. 16 DSGVO, to immediately demand the correction of incorrect or completed personal data stored by us in accordance with Art. 17 DSGVO, to demand the deletion of your personal data stored by us, unless the processing for the exercise of the right to freedom of expression and information, for the fulfillment of a legal obligation, for reasons of public interest or for the assertion, exercise or defense of Legal claims is required to demand the restriction of the processing of your personal data according to Art. 18 DSGVO, as far as the accuracy of the data is disputed by you, the processing is unlawful, but you reject its deletion and we no longer need the data, but you assert this, Exercise or defense of legal claims or you have objected to the processing in accordance with Art. 21 DSGVO in accordance with Art. 20 DSGVO, to receive your personal data provided to us in a structured, standard and machine-readable format or to request transmission to another person responsible; according to Art. 7 para. 3 DSGVO, to revoke your once given consent to us at any time. As a result, we are not allowed to continue the data processing based on this consent for the future and to complain to a supervisory authority pursuant to Art. 77 DSGVO. As a rule, you can contact the supervisory authority of your usual place of residence or work or our company headquarters.
10. Right of objection
If your personal data are based on legitimate interests in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f DSGVO are processed, you have the right to file an objection against the processing of your personal data in accordance with Art. 21 DSGVO, provided there are reasons for this arising from your particular situation or if the objection is directed against direct mail. In the latter case, you have a general right of objection, which is implemented by us without specifying any particular situation.
If you would like to exercise your right of revocation or objection, please send an e-mail to service@tuunes.app.
11. Data security
We use the popular SSL (Secure Socket Layer) method within the site visit, in conjunction with the highest level of encryption supported by your browser. In general, this is a 256-bit encryption. If your browser does not support 256-bit encryption, we'll use 128-bit v3 technology instead. Whether a single page of our website is transmitted in encrypted form is indicated by the closed representation of the key or lock symbol in the lower status bar of your browser.
Incidentally, we use appropriate technical and organizational security measures to protect your data against accidental or intentional manipulation, partial or complete loss, destruction or against unauthorized access by third parties. Our security measures are continuously improved in line with technological developments.
12. Updating and changing this privacy policy
This privacy policy is currently valid and is valid as of May 2018.
As a result of the further development of our website and offers thereof or due to changed legal or official requirements, it may be necessary to change this privacy policy. The current privacy policy can be viewed and printed at any time on the website at https://www.tuunes.co/privacy-policy.
Information about your right of objection under Article 21 of the EU General Data Protection Regulation (DSGVO)
1. Case-specific right of objection
You have the right at any time, for reasons arising from your particular situation, to prevent the processing of personal data relating to you pursuant to Article 6 (1) (d) of the DSGVO (Data Processing in the Public Interest) and Article 6 (1) of the DSGVO (Data processing on the basis of a balance of interests) takes place, objecting; this also applies to a profiling based on this provision within the meaning of Article 4 (4) DSGVO.
If you object, we will no longer process your personal information unless we can establish compelling legitimate grounds for processing that outweigh your interests, rights and freedoms, or the processing is for the purposes of asserting, exercising or defending legal claims.
2. Right to object to the processing of data for advertising purposes
In individual cases, we process your personal data in order to operate direct mail.
You have the right to object at any time to the processing of personal data concerning you for the purposes of such advertising; this also applies to profiling insofar as it is associated with such direct mail.
If you object to the processing for direct marketing purposes, we will no longer process your personal data for these purposes.
The objection can be form-free and should be made by phone as far as possible by e-mail at service@tuunes.app.
This document was last updated on Jun 30, 2022
Sub-section Policy: 