("
https://play.google.com/store/
" "iGene's Game") is designed to protect the privacy and rights of users in accordance with the Personal Information Protection Act and to protect users' The following processing policies are in place to ensure that
('iGene's Game') will notify you through website announcements (or individual announcements) if you revise your privacy policy.
○ This policy will be effective from January 1, 2016.
1. Purposes of processing personal information ("
https://play.google.com/store/
" "iGene Games") will process your personal information for the following purposes: The processed personal information will not be used for any purpose other than the following purposes.
end. Homepage membership and management
Confirmation of membership, identification and certification of member by providing membership service, maintenance and management of membership, confirmation of identity by execution of limited identification system, prevention of illegal use of service, confirmation of legal representative agreement when collecting personal information of children under 14 years old, We handle personal information for the purpose of various notices and notices, grievance handling, and record keeping for dispute settlement.
I. Civil affairs office processing
We process personal information for the purpose of confirming the identity of a complainant, confirming a complaint, contacting and notifying for a fact investigation, and notifying the result of processing.
All. Providing goods or services
We handle personal information for the purpose of delivering goods, providing services, sending out invoices, providing content, providing personalized services, self-certification, age verification, bill settlement, collection of debts.
la. Marketing and advertising
Provide new service (product) development and customized service, provide event and advertisement information and participation opportunity, provide service according to demographic characteristics, advertisement, check validity of service, access frequency or statistics on member's service usage We process personal information for the purpose of.
2. Personal Information File Status
1. Personal information file name: Ad ID
- Personal information: Email, Android Advertising ID
- How to collect: Automatic after login
- Possible basis: subscription
- Retention period: semi-permanent
- Records related to the collection / processing and use of credit information: 3 years, record of consumer complaints or dispute settlement: 3 years, records of payment and goods supply: 5 years, contract or withdrawal 5 years, Records about advertising / advertising: 6 months
3. Personal information processing entrustment
① ('iGene's game') consigns the following personal information processing tasks for smooth personal information processing.
② ('
https://play.google.com/store/'
iGene's Game ') is prohibited from processing any personal information except for the purpose of conducting the consignment pursuant to Article 25 of the Personal Information Protection Act. We shall state in the contract documents such as administrative protection measures, re-entrustment restrictions, management and supervision of fiduciaries, compensation for damages and so on, and supervise whether the fiduciary handles personal information securely.
③ If the contents of the consignment service or the consignee change, we will disclose it through this personal information processing policy without delay.
4. Rights, duties, and methods of use of information subjects As a personal information subject, users can exercise the following rights.
① The Subject may exercise the following privacy rights at any time with iGene ("
https://play.google.com/store/
" "iGene Games").
1. Personal information request
2. If there is an error,
3. Delete request
4. Process stop request
② The exercise of the rights pursuant to Paragraph 1 shall be made in writing to iGene ('https://play.google.com/store/' below 'sketch quiz) in writing, e-mail, (Facsimile), and <Agency / Company Name> ('Site URL' or 'Site Name') will take action without delay.
(3) If the information subject has requested correction or deletion of personal information, <organization name / company name> ('site URL' or 'site name') will not be able to edit the personal information until the correction or deletion is completed. We do not use or provide.
(4) The exercise of rights under Paragraph (1) may be made through a legal representative of the information entity or an agent such as a person who has been delegated. In this case, you must submit a power of attorney according to Form 11 of the Enforcement Regulations of the Personal Information Protection Act.
5. Creating an item of personal information to process
① ("
https://play.google.com/store/
" "iGene Games") processes the following personal information items:
1 <Homepage membership and management>
- Required: Email, Anroid Ad ID
- Optional:
6. The destruction of personal information ('iGene's game') will, in principle, destroy the personal information without delay if the purpose of processing the personal information is achieved. The procedures, deadlines and methods of destruction are as follows.
- Destruction procedure Information entered by the user is transferred to a separate DB after the completion of the purpose (separate documents in case of paper) and is destroyed after a certain period of time according to the internal policy and other relevant laws and regulations or immediately destroyed. In this case, the personal information transferred to the DB will not be used for any other purposes unless it is under the law. - Time to destroy Personal information of the user, within 5 days from the end of the holding period, In the event that personal information becomes unnecessary, such as the attainment of the purpose of processing personal information, the abolition of the service, or the termination of the business, we will destroy the personal information within 5 days from the day when it is deemed unnecessary to process personal information.
- Destruction method
Information in the form of electronic files is a technical method that can not reproduce records.
7. Measures to Ensure the Safety of Personal Information ('iGene's Game'), pursuant to Article 29 of the Personal Information Protection Act, are subject to the technical, administrative and physical measures necessary for ensuring safety as follows.
1. Regular self-audit conducted
We conduct our own audits regularly (quarterly) to ensure the stability of handling personal information.
8. Wrote Personal Information Protection Officer
① iGene ('https://play.google.com/store/' iGene's Game ') is responsible for the handling of personal information processing, handling complaints of information subjects related to personal information processing And damage relief, the following personal information protection officer is appointed.
▶ Personal information protection officer
Name: Eugene
Position: Representative
Position: Representative
Contact: 061-746-3200,
aieugene@naver.com
,
※ It leads to personal information protection department.
▶ Personal information protection department
Department :
manager :
Contact: 061-746-3200,
aieugene@naver.com
,
② The information subject shall not be liable for all personal information protection inquiries, complaints, damages relief, etc. that occur while using the service (or business) of iGene ('https://play.google.com/store/' You can contact the person in charge of privacy and the department in charge. iGene ('https://play.google.com/store/' below 'sketch quiz) will respond to and process your inquiries without delay.
9. Change of personal information processing policy
① This personal information processing policy will be applied from the effective date. If there are additions, deletions and corrections of the changes according to laws and policies, we will notify them through announcements 7 days before the implementation of the changes.
('
https://play.google.com/store/'
이하'iGene의 게임')은(는) 개인정보보호법에 따라 이용자의 개인정보 보호 및 권익을 보호하고 개인정보와 관련한 이용자의 고충을 원활하게 처리할 수 있도록 다음과 같은 처리방침을 두고 있습니다.
('iGene의 게임') 은(는) 회사는 개인정보처리방침을 개정하는 경우 웹사이트 공지사항(또는 개별공지)을 통하여 공지할 것입니다.
○ 본 방침은부터 2016년 1월 1일부터 시행됩니다.
1. 개인정보의 처리 목적 ('
https://play.google.com/store/'
이하 'iGene의 게임')은(는) 개인정보를 다음의 목적을 위해 처리합니다. 처리한 개인정보는 다음의 목적이외의 용도로는 사용되지 않으며 이용 목적이 변경될 시에는 사전동의를 구할 예정입니다.
가. 홈페이지 회원가입 및 관리
회원 가입의사 확인, 회원제 서비스 제공에 따른 본인 식별·인증, 회원자격 유지·관리, 제한적 본인확인제 시행에 따른 본인확인, 서비스 부정이용 방지, 만14세 미만 아동 개인정보 수집 시 법정대리인 동의 여부 확인, 각종 고지·통지, 고충처리, 분쟁 조정을 위한 기록 보존 등을 목적으로 개인정보를 처리합니다.
나. 민원사무 처리
민원인의 신원 확인, 민원사항 확인, 사실조사를 위한 연락·통지, 처리결과 통보 등을 목적으로 개인정보를 처리합니다.
다. 재화 또는 서비스 제공
물품배송, 서비스 제공, 청구서 발송, 콘텐츠 제공, 맞춤 서비스 제공, 본인인증, 연령인증, 요금결제·정산, 채권추심 등을 목적으로 개인정보를 처리합니다.
라. 마케팅 및 광고에의 활용
신규 서비스(제품) 개발 및 맞춤 서비스 제공, 이벤트 및 광고성 정보 제공 및 참여기회 제공 , 인구통계학적 특성에 따른 서비스 제공 및 광고 게재 , 서비스의 유효성 확인, 접속빈도 파악 또는 회원의 서비스 이용에 대한 통계 등을 목적으로 개인정보를 처리합니다.
2. 개인정보 파일 현황
1. 개인정보 파일명 : 광고ID
- 개인정보 항목 : 이메일, Android 광고ID
- 수집방법 : 로그인 후 자동
- 보유근거 : 가입
- 보유기간 : 준영구
- 관련법령 : 신용정보의 수집/처리 및 이용 등에 관한 기록 : 3년, 소비자의 불만 또는 분쟁처리에 관한 기록 : 3년, 대금결제 및 재화 등의 공급에 관한 기록 : 5년, 계약 또는 청약철회 등에 관한 기록 : 5년, 표시/광고에 관한 기록 : 6개월
3. 개인정보처리 위탁
① ('iGene의 게임')은(는) 원활한 개인정보 업무처리를 위하여 다음과 같이 개인정보 처리업무를 위탁하고 있습니다.
② ('
https://play.google.com/store/'
이하 'iGene의 게임')은(는) 위탁계약 체결시 개인정보 보호법 제25조에 따라 위탁업무 수행목적 외 개인정보 처리금지, 기술적․관리적 보호조치, 재위탁 제한, 수탁자에 대한 관리․감독, 손해배상 등 책임에 관한 사항을 계약서 등 문서에 명시하고, 수탁자가 개인정보를 안전하게 처리하는지를 감독하고 있습니다.
③ 위탁업무의 내용이나 수탁자가 변경될 경우에는 지체없이 본 개인정보 처리방침을 통하여 공개하도록 하겠습니다.
4. 정보주체의 권리,의무 및 그 행사방법 이용자는 개인정보주체로서 다음과 같은 권리를 행사할 수 있습니다.
① 정보주체는 iGene(‘
https://play.google.com/store/’
이하 'iGene의 게임') 에 대해 언제든지 다음 각 호의 개인정보 보호 관련 권리를 행사할 수 있습니다.
1. 개인정보 열람요구
2. 오류 등이 있을 경우 정정 요구
3. 삭제요구
4. 처리정지 요구
② 제1항에 따른 권리 행사는iGene(‘https://play.google.com/store/’이하 ‘스케치퀴즈) 에 대해 개인정보 보호법 시행규칙 별지 제8호 서식에 따라 서면, 전자우편, 모사전송(FAX) 등을 통하여 하실 수 있으며 <기관/회사명>(‘사이트URL’이하 ‘사이트명) 은(는) 이에 대해 지체 없이 조치하겠습니다.
③ 정보주체가 개인정보의 오류 등에 대한 정정 또는 삭제를 요구한 경우에는 <기관/회사명>(‘사이트URL’이하 ‘사이트명) 은(는) 정정 또는 삭제를 완료할 때까지 당해 개인정보를 이용하거나 제공하지 않습니다.
④ 제1항에 따른 권리 행사는 정보주체의 법정대리인이나 위임을 받은 자 등 대리인을 통하여 하실 수 있습니다. 이 경우 개인정보 보호법 시행규칙 별지 제11호 서식에 따른 위임장을 제출하셔야 합니다.
5. 처리하는 개인정보의 항목 작성
① ('https://play.google.com/store/'이하 'iGene의 게임')은(는) 다음의 개인정보 항목을 처리하고 있습니다.
1<홈페이지 회원가입 및 관리>
- 필수항목 : 이메일,Anroid 광고ID
- 선택항목 :
6. 개인정보의 파기('iGene의 게임')은(는) 원칙적으로 개인정보 처리목적이 달성된 경우에는 지체없이 해당 개인정보를 파기합니다. 파기의 절차, 기한 및 방법은 다음과 같습니다.
-파기절차이용자가 입력한 정보는 목적 달성 후 별도의 DB에 옮겨져(종이의 경우 별도의 서류) 내부 방침 및 기타 관련 법령에 따라 일정기간 저장된 후 혹은 즉시 파기됩니다. 이 때, DB로 옮겨진 개인정보는 법률에 의한 경우가 아니고서는 다른 목적으로 이용되지 않습니다.-파기기한이용자의 개인정보는 개인정보의 보유기간이 경과된 경우에는 보유기간의 종료일로부터 5일 이내에, 개인정보의 처리 목적 달성, 해당 서비스의 폐지, 사업의 종료 등 그 개인정보가 불필요하게 되었을 때에는 개인정보의 처리가 불필요한 것으로 인정되는 날로부터 5일 이내에 그 개인정보를 파기합니다.
-파기방법
전자적 파일 형태의 정보는 기록을 재생할 수 없는 기술적 방법을 사용합니다.
7. 개인정보의 안전성 확보 조치 ('iGene의 게임')은(는) 개인정보보호법 제29조에 따라 다음과 같이 안전성 확보에 필요한 기술적/관리적 및 물리적 조치를 하고 있습니다.
1. 정기적인 자체 감사 실시
개인정보 취급 관련 안정성 확보를 위해 정기적(분기 1회)으로 자체 감사를 실시하고 있습니다.
8. 개인정보 보호책임자 작성
① iGene(‘https://play.google.com/store/’이하 'iGene의 게임') 은(는) 개인정보 처리에 관한 업무를 총괄해서 책임지고, 개인정보 처리와 관련한 정보주체의 불만처리 및 피해구제 등을 위하여 아래와 같이 개인정보 보호책임자를 지정하고 있습니다.
▶ 개인정보 보호책임자
성명 :유진
직책 :대표
직급 :대표
연락처 :061-746-3200, aieugene@naver.com,
※ 개인정보 보호 담당부서로 연결됩니다.
▶ 개인정보 보호 담당부서
부서명 :
담당자 :
연락처 :061-746-3200, aieugene@naver.com,
② 정보주체께서는 iGene(‘https://play.google.com/store/’이하 'iGene의 게임') 의 서비스(또는 사업)을 이용하시면서 발생한 모든 개인정보 보호 관련 문의, 불만처리, 피해구제 등에 관한 사항을 개인정보 보호책임자 및 담당부서로 문의하실 수 있습니다. iGene(‘https://play.google.com/store/’이하 ‘스케치퀴즈) 은(는) 정보주체의 문의에 대해 지체 없이 답변 및 처리해드릴 것입니다.
9. 개인정보 처리방침 변경
①이 개인정보처리방침은 시행일로부터 적용되며, 법령 및 방침에 따른 변경내용의 추가, 삭제 및 정정이 있는 경우에는 변경사항의 시행 7일 전부터 공지사항을 통하여 고지할 것입니다.