Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) provides important information regarding IT-SYSTEM (“IT-SYSTEM”, “we”, or “our”) in respect to user information collected through our mobile applications and the use of the information. You provide consent to this Policy when your access and use IT-SYSTEM applications (“Products”) and other related services (“Services”) .
This Policy applies especially to Products as follows:
com.itss.abc
com.coloring.pages.christmas.its
christmas.puzzles.jigsaw
com.brickout.itss
princess.coloring.book.kids
coloring.book.adults
mandala.coloring.book
com.square.itss
com.finger.pen.full
com.finger.pen
com.coloringbook.halloween
com.kids.jigsaw.puzzles
puzzles.for.kids
com.simple.irregular.verbs
Personal and non-personal information
We understand the importance of our users’ personal information, and more importantly the information pertaining to children under 13 years of age. We do not collect or require users to enter their personal information when using our Products. We do not collect any personal information from children with our Products.
When using our Products, we might read non-personal information (such as internet, Wi-Fi availability, network connection, wake lock, device status, internal and external storage availability and usability) for the use of Product development and Service improvement. The collection of information will be used for the development and functional improvement of our Products to ensure quality user experience. We only collect such information to the extent that allow us to conduct our normal business operation and Products’ research and development.
Any information we received will be used internally for the purpose of product development and to third parties performing services on our behalf, who comply with our Privacy Policy. We will not disclose your information publicly unless we have received your consent or under government order.
COPPA
We comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act. We do not knowingly collect personal information on children under the age of 13. When a user identifies himself or herself as a child under the age of 13 through a support request or through any feedback, we will not collect, store or use, and will delete in a secure manner, any personal information of such user.
Submitting personal information for prizes and customer support.
When you request support, you may send us an email or contact us on our website. We allow users to contact us if they have support questions about the use of our mobile applications. If you submit a support request, we may receive your email address and other information you provide related to your support request.
Cookies
When you visit our website, we may send cookies to your computer that uniquely identify your browser. We use cookies to improve the quality of our service by storing user preferences and tracking usage information. Most browsers allow you to disable cookies or set your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent to your computer.
Third party websites and links
We may provide links to our website or third party websites. Our Privacy Policy will have no effect on any third party websites’ privacy policy or their usage of personal information collected. Our Privacy Policy as expressed herein does not apply to other parties, and we do not dictate the collection or usage of information by them. We do not take part in the operation of third party advertisers or websites. Please find the list of third party companies below:
Google
Amendments
We may amend our privacy policy from time to time by posting the amended Policy on our website, without directly informing our users. Therefore we encourage our users to review this policy frequently. IT-SYSTEM reserves all rights and interpretation to the Policy and its amendments.
Contact us
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, please send us an email at apps-support@it-system.pl