TERMS OF USE AGREEMENT
By accessing and using this game, content, activities and services (the "Services") which are made available via this App or through social networking websites, or any mobile versions thereof (the
"App"), you signify that you have read, understand and agree to be bound by the terms and conditions set forth below (the "Terms"), whether or not you are a registered member in or any of our
games.
License to Use the Services
The App and Services related to it are provided by FROM THE BENCH, (the “Company”) Subject to your compliance with these Terms, you may use the Services solely for your own non-commercial
entertainment purposes by accessing it through any device for which the App is available. You may not use the Services for any other purpose.
This license is subject to certain limitations. Any use of the Services in violation of these limitations will be considered a breach of this Agreement, and may result in disciplinary or legal action
against you or your account. You agree that you will not:
Cheat or use, develop or distribute automation software programs ("bots"), "macro" software programs or other "cheat utility" software program or applications which are designed to modify the App, its
content or Services experience to the detriment of fair play;
Disrupt, attempt to, or otherwise assist in the disruption of (i) any computer used to support the Services or (ii) any other player\'s experience;
Upload files that contain viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, corrupted files or data, or any other similar software or programs that may damage the operation of the Services or other users\'
computers;
Exploit the Services or any of its parts for any commercial purpose;
Promote or encourage any illegal activity including, without limitation, hacking, cracking or distribution of counterfeit software, or cheats or hacks for the Services;
Reproduce, translate, reverse engineer, modify, disassemble, or decompile, in whole or in part, or create derivative works of the Services, except to the extent permitted by applicable law;
Code of Conduct
Your use of the Services is governed by certain rules (the "Code of Conduct"), which are maintained and enforced by the Company, and must be adhered to by all users at all times when using or
accessing the Services. It is your responsibility to know, understand and abide by this Code of Conduct. By accessing and using the Services, you agree that you will not:
Publish, post, upload, transmit, distribute or disseminate Content that is harmful, abusive, vulgar, harassing, sexually explicit, sexually provocative, pornographic, defamatory, libelous, obscene,
infringing, embarrassing, unwanted, invasive of another\'s right of privacy or publicity (including distributing another player\'s personal information if he or she has not made such information public
on the host site (if applicable)), hateful, racist, homophobic, bigoted, or otherwise offensive or objectionable;
Make any threats or threatening remarks, including (but not limited to) threats directed at minors, threats against another individual or their family, and other such remarks which, in our opinion,
are outside the scope or context of the game;
Restrict or inhibit any other user from using and enjoying the Services. For example, disrupting the flow of chat in chat rooms with vulgar language, abusiveness, hitting the return key repeatedly,
inputting excessively large images so the screen goes by too fast to read, use of excessive SHOUTING (all caps) in an attempt to disturb other users, "spamming," or flooding (continuous posting
repetitive text), are all prohibited;
Promote, encourage, or otherwise advocate the use of illegal drugs;
Violate the terms of any other applicable agreement or terms governing the access or use of the Services (including any end user license, code of conduct or other terms of use/service or guidelines
from any web site on which the Services are available);
Use, upload, transmit, distribute or otherwise make available any Content, including images or photographs, which are made available through the Services that infringes any copyright, trademark,
privacy, publicity or other proprietary right of any party;
Except as expressly authorized by us, advertise or offer to sell or buy any goods or services for any purpose, unless the Services on which you are playing specifically allows such messages. Offers to
buy or sell in-game items, if applicable or permitted by the Company for any Services, must be limited to the appropriate forum or channel for such offers;
Collect (in an automated manner or otherwise) personal information about others, or impersonate or create a false identity (such as a celebrity, web site administrator or a Company representative) for
the purpose of misleading others (including attempting to obtain password, account, or other information from a user);
Use the Services (including bulletin boards and other communications services) in any manner other than for personal communication as an individual user (i.e. sending surveys, contests, pyramid
schemes, chain letters, junk email, spam or any duplicative or unsolicited messages); or
Use the Services for fraudulent transactions or for any purpose that violates any applicable local, state, national, or foreign laws, regulations, or treaties.
These rules are not meant to be exhaustive, and we reserve the right to determine what conduct we consider to be in violation of the Code of Conduct or otherwise outside the spirit of the Services and
to take such action as we see fit - up to and including termination of your account and exclusion from further participation in the Services. We reserve the right to modify this Code of Conduct at any
time.
User Account, Age Restrictions, Password, and Security
You may be able to use your user account and/or user ID of the App on which the Services are made available as your user account for that particular Service. If any of the Services require you to open
an account directly with us, you must complete the registration process by providing current, complete and accurate information (including, if required, your email address) as prompted by the applicable
registration form. YOU MUST BE 13 YEARS OF AGE OR OLDER TO USE THE SERVICES.
You may also be asked to choose a password and a username. You may not use a username that is used by someone else, is vulgar or otherwise offensive (as solely determined by us), infringes any
trademark or other proprietary rights of others, or is used in any way that violates these Terms.
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account information (including usernames and passwords and billing information) and are responsible for any and all activities that
occur under your account. You must notify us immediately of any unauthorized use or theft of your account or any other breach of security. We will not be liable for any loss that you may incur as a
result of someone else using your account, either with or without your knowledge. You are responsible for the activities occurring under your account and you will be liable for any losses or damages
incurred by the Company or another party due to someone else using your account. You may not use anyone else\'s account at any time. Your account is personal to you and you may not transfer or make
available your account to others. Any distribution by you of your account or related information may result in cancellation of your account without refund.
Privacy
Any Content which you provide (and certain other information about you) is subject to our Privacy Policy, which is incorporated by reference into these Terms of Service. See our Privacy Policy for
information and notices concerning our collection and use of your personal information. You understand that through your use of the Services you consent to the collection and use (as set forth in the
Privacy Policy) of this information, including the transfer of this information to other countries for storage, processing and use by the Company and its partners. As part of providing you the Services,
we may need to provide you with certain communications, such as service announcements and administrative messages. These communications are considered part of the Services and you will not be able to opt
out of receiving them.
Charges and Billing
In some cases, you can use a stored value (gift card), credit or debit card, Google Wallet, ITunes, mobile payments or other similar accounts (each referred to herein as "Payment Information") to pay
for optional Services and/or upgrades. When you provide Payment Information to us (or our designated licensees or subcontractors), you represent and warrant that you are the authorized user of the
Payment Information that is used to pay such charges. You must promptly notify us of any changes to your Payment Information. You are responsible for all charges incurred, including applicable taxes, and
all purchases made by you or anyone that uses your account, including your family or friends.
Links to Third Party Sites
We may provide links on the Services to third party websites, Apps or vendors who may invite you to participate in a promotional offer in return for receiving optional Services and/or upgrades (such
as in-game currency). Some of these web sites or Apps may charge separate fees, which are not included in any fees that you may pay to the Company. Any separate charges or obligations you incur in your
dealings with these third parties are your responsibility. We make no representation or warranty regarding any content, goods and/or services provided by any third party even if linked from one of our
Services, and will not be liable for any claim relating thereto. The linked sites or Apps are not under the control of the Company and may collect data or solicit personal information from you. We are
not responsible for their content, business practices or privacy policies, or for the collection, use or disclosure of any information those sites may collect. We are providing these links to you only as
a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by the Company of these linked sites.
Content Rights
"Content" means the software, communications, images, sounds, and all the material and information perceived or made available from the Services, whether provided by the Company or by users of the
Services. Content also includes any feedback, comments, or suggestions you may provide regarding the Services, other Content, or the App, including any responses provided through user surveys.
You acknowledge and agree that all Content, including, without limitation, all accounts, characters created, and virtual items or in-game currency acquired and developed as a result of game play, are
the sole and exclusive property of the Company and may be used by the Company (and/or its affiliates, publishing partners, distributors, licensors and licensees) for any purpose, including for commercial
or promotional use. You agree that you may only upload or otherwise transmit on or through the Services Content that does not infringe the intellectual property rights of any third party, and you
represent and warrant that any Content you do transmit will not infringe the intellectual property rights of any third party.
If you are deemed to have retained, under applicable law, any right, title or interest in or to any portion of the Content, you agree to and hereby do assign solely and exclusively to the Company all
of your right, title and interest in and to such Content, without additional consideration, under applicable patent, copyright, trade secret, trademark and other similar laws or rights, in perpetuity. If
such assignment is ineffective under applicable law, you hereby grant to the Company the sole and exclusive, irrevocable, sub licensable, transferable, worldwide, royalty-free license to reproduce,
modify, create derivative works from, publish, distribute, sell, transfer, transmit, publicly display, use, and practice such Content, and to incorporate the same in other works in any form, media, or
technology now known or later developed. To the extent permitted by applicable laws, you hereby waive any moral rights or rights of publicity or privacy you may have in such Content.
You are granted a limited revocable license to post your own character or any other Content that the Company specifically gives you notice may be posted on other websites, on your own personal website
or on a third party website so long as the website where the link resides complies with all applicable laws, does not obtain any rights to such Content other than a non-exclusive license to post it at
your direction, and does not in any way infringe the rights of a third party.
The Company representatives may monitor certain Content on the Services, but cannot monitor or prescreen all of the Content on the Services, and do not attempt to do so. The Company and its designees
have the right, but not the obligation, to edit, refuse to post, or remove any Content posted on any Services that are deemed objectionable or violate these Terms or the spirit of these Terms, in our
sole discretion and determination. If you encounter something you find objectionable and in violation of these Terms, you can bring it to our attention by "flagging" it or reporting it via the in-game
support system. We do not assume any responsibility or liability for Content that is generated by users of the Services. You bear the entire risk of the completeness, accuracy or usefulness of Content
found on the Services.
You acknowledge and agree that the Company may use built-in tracking features to obtain information regarding your use of the Game, and agree that such information is deemed to be Content for all
purposes under these Terms.
Termination
We reserve the right to terminate or suspend your account or your access to any or all of the Services at any time, for any reason and we have the right to terminate your account for what is, in our
sole discretion and determination, deemed to be a violation or breach of these Terms of Service.
In the event your account or access to the Services is terminated, suspended or canceled, whether by you or by the Company, you will not be entitled to any refund nor will any credits or in-game items
(e.g., points in an online game) be credited to you or converted to cash or other form of reimbursement, and you will have no further access to your account or anything associated with it (such as points
or in-game items). If your account is terminated or suspended by us, we also have the right to terminate or suspend any of your other accounts.
The Services are Available "AS-IS"
The Services are provided on an "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" basis and we do not warrant that the Services will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that the Services will
be free of viruses or other harmful components. WE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR
PURPOSE OR USE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. Your access and use of the Services is at your own risk. We cannot assume responsibility for any damages suffered by you, including, but not limited to, loss of data,
game play, items or characters from delays, non-deliveries, errors, system down time, misdeliveries or service interruptions caused by us, or by your or by any other user\'s errors and/or
omissions.
Limitation of Liability
THE COMPANY AND ITS LICENSORS WILL NOT BE LIABLE IN ANY WAY FOR DAMAGE OR LOSS OF ANY KIND RESULTING FROM (A) THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICES INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION LOSS OF GOODWILL,
WORK STOPPAGE, COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION; (B) THE LOSS OR DAMAGE TO CHARACTERS, ACCOUNTS, STATISTICS, INVENTORIES OR USER PROFILE INFORMATION; OR (C) INTERRUPTIONS OF SERVICES INCLUDING WITHOUT
LIMITATION ISP DISRUPTIONS, SOFTWARE OR HARDWARE FAILURES OR ANY OTHER EVENT WHICH MAY RESULT IN A LOSS OF DATA OR DISRUPTION OF SERVICES. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT
WILL THE COMPANY OR ITS LICENSORS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANYONE ELSE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, EVEN IF THEY HAVE BEEN INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
SUCH DAMAGE, AND EVEN IF A REMEDY SET FORTH HEREIN IS FOUND TO HAVE FAILED OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.
Exclusions
Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, so the limitations above may not apply to
you.
Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the Company harmless from and against any claim, liability, loss, injury, damage, cost, or expense (including reasonable attorneys\' fees) incurred by the
Company arising out of or from your access and use of the Services, your violation of these Terms or any Content posted, transmitted or provided by you or on your behalf.
Waiver and Severability
The failure of the Company to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be deemed a waiver of such right or provision. In the event that any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid
or unenforceable, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in full force and effect.
Injunctive Relief
You acknowledge that the rights granted and obligations made hereunder to the Company are of a unique and irreplaceable nature, the loss of which shall irreparably harm the Company and which cannot be
replaced by monetary damages alone so that the Company shall be entitled to injunctive or other equitable relief (without the obligations of posting any bond or surety) in the event of any breach or
anticipatory breach by you.
Controlling Law and Jurisdiction
These Terms and any action related thereto will be governed by the laws of Spain without regard to its conflict of law provisions. All claims, legal proceedings or litigation arising in connection
with the Services will be brought solely in Alicante, Spain, and you consent to the jurisdiction of and venue in such courts.
Other Jurisdictions
The Company operates and controls this application from its offices in Spain. The Company makes no representation that this application is appropriate or available in other locations. The information
provided on this application is not intended for distribution to or use by any person or entity in any jurisdiction or country where such distribution or use would be contrary to law or regulation or
which would subject the Company to any registration requirement within such jurisdiction or country.
Complaints and Notices
If you believe that your copyrighted work has been copied without your authorization and is available in this game in a way that may constitute copyright infringement, you can provide notice of your
claim to the Company´s Designated Agent listed below. For your notice to be effective, it must include the following information:
• A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the intellectual property right that is allegedly infringed;
• A description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed upon;
• A description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located in this game;
• Information reasonably sufficient to permit the Company to contact the complaining party, such as address, telephone number, and, if available, an e-mail address at which the complaining party
can be contacted;
• A statement by you that you have a good-faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
• A statement that the information in the notification is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the exclusive right
that is allegedly infringed.
• The Company´s Designated Agent is: FROM THE BENCH, SL Attn: Legal Department Plaza Mayor - Elda - SPAIN. Modification of Terms We reserve the right to modify the Terms at any time. If we
do this, we will post the changes to these Terms on this page and will indicate at the top of this page the date those terms will be effective. We will attempt to give you advance notice of any
substantive changes, but reserve the right to make such modifications immediately if required. Your use of the Services after any such changes become effective constitutes your acceptance of the new
Terms. If you do not agree to abide by these or any future Terms, do not use or access (or continue to use or access) the Services. It is your responsibility to check to determine if there have been
changes to these Terms and to review such changes. Entire Agreement These Terms are the entire and exclusive agreement between the Company and you regarding the Services, and these Terms supersede and
replace any prior agreements regarding the foregoing. The Services are operated and provided by FROM THE BENCH, SL – Plaza Mayor - Elda - SPAIN. If you have any questions about these Terms, please
contact the Company at https://fromthebench.zendesk.com © FROM THE BENCH, SL 2013-2014. All Rights Reserved.
***
PRIVACY POLICY
PURPOSE
Pursuant to the General Regulation on Data Protection (GRDP 2016/679), and the Information Society Services 
and Electronic Commerce Act 34/2002, of 11th July, FROM THE BENCH, S.L. (hereinafter, FROM THE BENCH), with 
tax ID no. B54318514, and with registered address at Plaza Mayor 9, 03600 - Elda (Alicante) - SPAIN, owner of 
the Web Page or mobile application/website AS SITE by informs their Web Site users about their Privacy Policy 
regarding personal information and data protection.
OWNERSHIP
Accordingly to the data protection legislation, we hereby inform you that the data you have furnished,
shall be included in:
(i) a file owned by FROM THE BENCH, with registered office in Plaza Mayor, Elda, (Spain), and (ii) in
other file owned by the app, becoming both entities Data Controllers of the data each entitie create with the 
collecting
of your personal data.
FROM THE BENCH and THE APP, assume all responsibility regarding its correct processing and guarantee that 
all steps have been taken to ensure data confidentiality and integrity, both in respect of the technical and 
organizational aspects, as set out in the guidelines included in the General Regulation on Data Protection 
(GRDP 2016/679) (hereinafter Spanish Data Protection Regulations).
The users agree in accordance with this Privacy Policy, with the processing and communication of their 
personal data.
DATA PROCESSING BY FROM THE BENCH
USE, PURPOSE, MARKETING AND ACCEPTANCE BY USER
The Site\'s purpose is other than collecting personal data. Access and use of the Web/Application does
not imply the communication of personal data. However, any users who wish to participate in the game must fill out an online electronic form or questionnaire that can be found in the Web
Site.
The completion of questionnaires and communication of data implies voluntary authorization and consent by
the user regarding the processing of personal data freely provided by the Web Site user. Therefore, users expressly accept and consent that all details already provided or those that may be provided in
future may be subject to processing within a personal data file. The provision of all details required for registration as a user is compulsory where expressly specified. FROM THE BENCH reserves the
right to deny registration to users who fail to provide such details.
Compulsory and optional fields, depending on the information held by the user, shall be clearly
highlighted within the electronic forms where personal data is collected.
FROM THE BENCH shall process all details provided by users for the following uses and purposes:
Registration on the Site as a registered user, Management and Processing of services offered by Site, sending Marketing advertising, newsletters, news and other regular information on the Site to users,
Management and supervision of incidents and Reward Management, as well as preparation of statistics.
You agree that in order to provide services to you which you have requested including relevant content
and advertising, and to track and award virtual rewards, we may exchange information that we collect from you with third parties who help us perform these tasks and provide these products and services
including UDID (unique device identifier), MAC address, OpenUDID, information about your device systems, 
application software and peripherals, and the country setting on the device.
DATA PRESERVATION
In accordance to data quality principles FROM THE BENCH, shall only preserve the details provided by
users for the period required to carry out the purposes established under clause 3.1 of this Privacy Policy and all those relevant in compliance with Spanish Data Protection Regulations. All details will
be destroyed after the completion of the above mentioned purposes using a method that shall guarantee the security and confidentiality of all personal details processed.
SHARING AND ACCESS TO DETAILS
FROM THE BENCH would like to inform users that personal data provided by them shall under no
circumstances be transferred or communicated to any third parties, except in order to improve service standards, other circumstances that FROM THE BENCH may deem appropriate and to proceed to deliver the
rewards (if applicable) at the end of the championship. In the last case, personal details of winners will be passed on to the courier company in order to be delivered without delay. Users hereby
expressly and unequivocally authorise FROM THE BENCH to transfer the data subject to processing for these purposes. FROM THE BENCH, on the other hand, undertakes to request users expressly and in written
for any new authorisation in case it was required to transfer their details for other purposes not included in this clause.
To help us improve our service we collect the following information on an anonymous basis: 
Operating System, Date & time, Latitude, Longitude, Accuracy (GPS), SSID (network), BSSID (network), Internal MAC address (network), Bundle ID, Device Model, Device Manufacturer, Carrier Code (Android only), 
Carrier Name, Sim Code, Country, and Locale. In addition to helping us to measure the usage of our app this anonymous information is shared with third parties for their business purposes, 
including the creation of reports, market research and trend analysis. One of these third parties is Huq, data shared does not contain information from which users can be identified and we will not provide 
additional information to such third parties that enables such third parties to identify you. You can find a full description of our data collection and use practices in our Privacy and Security Policy 
here
[http://ftbsports.com/avisoFLIPenALL.php]
. You can find a full description of Huq and what it does with the information collected via our app here
[https://huq.io/privacy-policy/]
.
DATA PROCESSING BY the app
We hereby 
inform you that the app will process your data for the purposes of management, statistical,
quality, control, browsing and security, as well as any other activities required for the registration and deregistration of users. Similarly, provided that you have not stated your objection by marking
the box established for such purpose in the data collection form, your data will be processed by the app to 
send promotional and commercial communications, by both traditional and electronic means,
regarding products and services that are currently or will be commercialized by the app, its sponsors (which 
you will be able to view in the link below), or any other third party with which migh
collaborate the app customer satisfaction surveys; distribution of newsletters and magazines; 
commercialization of tickets; the customise subsequent purchases and browsing; the app news, draws and
competitions. You may object to the sending of the commercial communications by marking the box established for such purpose or by sending an email to the following email address
fromthebenchgames@gmail.com
thirty days from receipt of this Privacy Policy.
Therefore and with identical purposes mentioned above,provided that you have not stated your objection by
marking the box established for such purpose orby sending an email to the following email address
fromthebenchgames@gmail.com
within thirty days from receipt of this Privacy 
Policy, we
hereby inform you that your data may be transferred to sponsoring compnaies or collaborating entities of the 
app that shall, in event, be 
located in Spain or abroad, including countries that do not offer an
equivalent level of data protection as in the European Economic Area (“EEA“) and shall operate in the following business sectors, inter alia: sporting activities; food; sports betting;
automotive; drinks; personal care; footwear; e-commerce; audio-visual content; catalogue distribution and sales; household products and perfumery items; electrical; domestic appliances; consumer
electronics; energy; temporary employment agencies; financial; hotel and catering; IT; internet; toys; logistics; sports equipment; media; leisure; chemical and petrochemical; watches; health; insurance;
telecommunications; mobile telephony; textiles and accessories; transport and travel; videogames.
In addition 
to this, by accepting these Terms, we hereby inform you that the app may outsource services
to third parties located in Spain or abroad, including countries that do not offer an equivalent level of 
data protection as in the EEA that may access personal data for which the app is
responsible. If you object to the aforementioned outsourcing to companies located outside of the EEA, you may, within thirty days from acceptance of these Terms, notify us of such objection by sending an
email to fromthebenchgames@gmail.com. Please take into account that, if you oppose to such processing, the 
performance of some of the services contracted with the app may be hindered.
Furthermore, you hereby undertake to notify the app of any change of your personal data to 
ensure that
it remains up-to-date at all times and contains no errors.
If, by means of this form, you furnish us with the personal data of other individuals, we hereby warn you
that you must do so with their consent, having notified them beforehand of the matters contained in this document.
the app 
shall not gather or process personal data furnished by you if you are under fourteen (14) years
old. the app reserves the right to verify, using the means it deems appropriate, the age of any users who 
have furnished their personal data by means of this form, and may deny users under 14 years of
age the access to the services offered and proceed with their cancellation and elimination.
RIGHTS OF ACCESS, 
CORRECTION, LIMITATION, PORTABILITY AND OPPOSITION
Under Spanish Data Protection Law, the acceptance of users regarding the processing of their personal
details is always revocable. Therefore:
In relation to the file owned by FROM THE BENCH users may exercise at any time their right of access,
correction, cancellation and opposition within the terms set out by Spanish Law, by sending a written and reliable communication by registered post to the following address: Plaza Mayor 9, 03600 -
Elda (Alicante) - SPAIN, or by any other reliable means through which proof of submission can be obtained. The above communication must include the user\'s identification details, such as a
photocopy of the user\'s ID card, postal address, telephone, contact name, email address and a brief note explaining the reasons behind the exercise of their rights, and in relation to
the file owned by THE APP, users may exercise at any time their rights of access, correction, limitation, 
portability and opposition under the terms set out by Spanish Law by contacting THE APP at the following 
email address
fromthebenchgames@gmail.com
.
SECURITY AND CONFIDENTIALITY MEASURES
FROM THE 
BENCH and the app guarantee full compliance with the provisions contained in Spanish Data
Protection Regulations Furthermore, it guarantees due compliance with the provisions set out in Act 34/2002 of 11th July on Information Society Service and Electronic Commerce in regards to user
information and unsolicited marketing communications otherwise known as spam.
FROM THE 
BENCH and the app also guarantee full confidentiality on all communications submitted to users,
as well as the correct and diligent processing of personal details provided by the user.
FROM THE 
BENCH and the app undertake to avoid disclosing any confidential information or inform
regarding any details subject to processing, except where expressly required by law or by the relevant public authorities in conformity with any legal provisions and regulations that may
apply.
USER\'S OBLIGATIONS
Users are responsible at all times as regards to the veracity of the details provided. FROM THE BENCH,
reserves the right to exclude any users from their registered services if found to have provided false, vague or incorrect details, in addition to any other legal actions that may apply. Except where
legally entitled, users may not use another individual\'s identity, and may only provide personal details corresponding to their own identity.
COOKIES
Cookies are data stored in the computer\'s hard disk that enable a faster and optimized performance by
the server and the service.
FROM THE BENCH informs that they currently do not use cookies in their Web Site.
UPDATES AND MODIFICATIONS ON THE PRIVACY POLICY
FROM THE BENCH reserves the right to modify the terms and conditions set out in this Privacy Policy at
any time, provided that they comply with Spanish Data Protection Law currently in force, and undertakes to inform all users in written and in a reliable way, either by publication in the Web Site or by
sending an email or via any other communication means that they may consider appropriate regarding their increase, modification or extension.
CONTROVERSY RESOLUTION
The parties expressly renounce to any jurisdiction that may apply to them and agree to submit themselves
to the Courts of Alicante to resolve any dispute that may arise from any controversy regarding the interpretation or compliance with this Privacy Policy, which shall be governed by the Spanish
legislation.
GRDP and 
LSSI-CE Informative Clause
In accordance with the provisions of the General Regulation on Data Protection (GRDP 2016/679), we inform you 
that your data will be added into the treatment system owned by FROM THE BENCH, S.L., with tax ID no. 
B54318514, and with registered address atÂ Plaza Mayor 9, 03600 - Elda (Alicante) - SPAIN, in order to provide 
the requested service and billing thereof. In compliance with current regulations, we inform you that your 
data will be kept throughout the period necessary to fulfill the abovementioned precepts.
Until you tell us otherwise, we understand that your data has not been modified, that you agree to notify us 
about any modifications and that we have your consent to use them for the purposes mentioned above.
FROM THE BENCH, S.L. informs you that we will proceed to treat your data in a lawful, loyal, transparent, 
adequate, pertinent, limited, exact and updated manner. That is why FROM THE BENCH, S.L. undertakes to adopt 
all reasonable measures so that these are suppressed or rectified without any delay when they are inaccurate.
In accordance with the rights conferred by the General Regulations on Data Protection, you may exercise your 
right of access, correction, limitation, portability and opposition to the terms at any time, as well as the 
consent given for the treatment of such, directing your request to the address indicated above or by e-mail 
at: fromthebenchgames@gmail.com
Likewise, and in accordance with the provisions of Law 34/2002 of July 11th, the Services of Information 
Society and Electronic Commerce, Article 21, we also request your consent to send you advertising about our 
products and promotions that we consider may be of interest to you, by email or by any other means of 
electronic communications.
I have read, and I give my consent to FROM THE BENCH, S.L. to send any advertising 
or promotional information.
I have read, and I DO NOT give my consent to FROM THE BENCH, S.L. to send any 
advertising or promotional information.
We inform you that you may revoke this consent at any time by sending an e-mail to the following e-mail 
address: fromthebenchgames@gmail.com