Info
Terms
Privacy
PRIVACY AND COOKIES POLICY FOR IOS AND ANDROID APP
             AND WEBSITE
This is the privacy and cookies policy
             for the website
www.Offline-Maps.org
and the Offline Maps application. For the
             purposes of this privacy policy, both the website and application
             shall be referred to as the "
App
". The App
             is operated by Offline App developer (
we
,
us
and
our
). For the
             purposes of the Data Protection Act 1998, we are the data
             controller.
By using the App, you consent to the
             collection, use and disclosure of information in accordance with
             this privacy policy.
We reserve the right to
             change this privacy policy from time to time by changing it on the
             App. By using the App, you agree to be bound by the version of the
             privacy policy displayed on the date upon which you use the App.
             This privacy policy was last updated on November 10th, 2015.
Information we may collect from you
We
             may collect and process the following information about you:
• the App is a personalised transport assistant and for
             it to operate effectively it needs to track and store your
             location, movement and transport use (see 'Your location data'
             below);
• your preferences, (such as Saved Places,
             Favourite Stations and Stops, etc, your cycling and walking speeds
             and other travel preferences, but only when you choose to provide
             us with these) which helps us provide you with more tailored
             services;
• personal information (such as your
             name, email address, postal address and telephone number) that you
             provide in the App, including if you register as a user of the App,
             subscribe to any service, upload or submit any material via the App
             or request any information;
• in connection with
             any account sign-in facility we may introduce, your log-in
             details;
• communications you send to us, for
             example to report a problem or to submit queries, concerns or
             comments regarding the App or its content;
•
             information from surveys that we may, from time to time, run on the
             App for research purposes, if you choose to respond to them.
You are under no obligation to provide any such
             information. However, if you should choose to withhold requested
             information, we may not be able to provide you with certain
             services.
We may offer users the ability to
             register their own personal account with us, so that their
             preferences and travel data can be accessed from different devices
             and where an existing device is lost or stolen.  Where you open an
             account, data collected in relation to you and your use of the App
             will be linked on our systems with that account.
We work hard to improve the App and add functionality
             which we think will make it more fun and more useful for our
             users. New functionality may involve similar or incidental uses of
             your data to those set out above.
We also,
             without you having to do anything, will collect the following
             information:
• details of your visits to the App,
             the searches you make, the resources you access and any data you
             download; this may also be tracked and analised by third parties
             providing us with analytics services which help us understand how
             users use the App so we can improve it;
• your IP
             address and unique identifier we assign to your mobile device and
             the instance of your application.
Uses made of
             your information
We will use the information we
             collect to:
• build a profile of your preferences
             so we can personalize the App and provide you the relevant
             information;
• recommend transport options which
             match your stated preferences and previous use of the App;
• administer your account with us;
•
             respond to your emails to discuss your use of the App and answer
             any support queries you may have;
• identify
             issues with the operation of the App, and provide crash reports in
             order to find resolution for performance issues;
•
             improve the design, functionality and/or content of the pages of
             the App and customize them for users;
• carry out
             research on our users' transport choices;
• share
             with social networking sites and third party partner at your
             request (when this functionality is enabled); and
• disclose to lawful authorities when required to do so
             by law or where appropriate in our opinion as a responsible company
             to respond to their request.
Your location
             data
We are a personalized transport App, and to
             provide our service we need to process your location. If enabled,
             this happens each time you open up the App, and if you select the
             “Save/Track” journey feature. The types of location data that we
             collect and store are your latitude, longitude, time of travel and
             compass related data.
We will retain all these
             kinds of location and location-related data unless and until you
             ask us to delete it- which you can do by emailing us at
info@offlinemapguide.com
. If you delete your location
             data, you agree that Offline-Maps.org can keep your location data in
             aggregated and anonymized form and share it with selected third
             parties.
You can also choose not to allow us to
             process your location data at the time you connect to the App, or
             any time after that either by changing the settings on your mobile
             device. Please note that if you choose not to allow us to process
             your location data, we will not be able to provide you with the
             full benefit of the App.
Security
We place great importance on the security of all
             personally identifiable information associated with our users.
             Whilst we cannot ensure or guarantee that loss, misuse or
             alteration of information will never occur, we use all reasonable
             efforts to prevent it. You should bear in mind that submission of
             information over the internet and mobile networks is never entirely
             secure. We cannot guarantee the security of information you submit
             via the App whilst it is in transit over the internet or mobile
             networks and any such submission is at your own risk.
Storage of your information
Information
             that you submit via the App is sent to and stored on secure servers
             located in the United Kingdom, other European Economic Area
             countries and in the United States. Information submitted by you
             may be transferred by us to our other offices and/or to the third
             parties mentioned in the circumstances described above, which may
             be situated outside the European Economic Area (for instance in the
             United States) and may be processed by staff operating outside the
             European Economic Area. By submitting information via the App, you
             agree to this storing, processing and/or transfer.
Your rights
If you are accessing the
             App from the European Economic Area, you have a legal right under
             the Data Protection Act 1998 to a copy of all the personal
             information about you held by us. On request, we will provide you
             with a copy of this information subject to a fee not exceeding £20.
             You also have a right to correct any errors in that information. As
             mentioned above, you have a right to prevent the use of your
             personal information for direct marketing purposes.
If you are accessing the App from the US and wish to
             keep your personal information accurate, current, and complete,
             please contact us as specified below. We will take reasonable steps
             to update or correct personal information in our possession that
             you have previously submitted via the App. If you no longer want to
             receive marketing messages from us, please let us know by writing
             to us at the email address specified below, and you will be
             unsubscribed accordingly. Please note that sometimes it can take a
             short amount of time to refresh our records for these
             purposes.
Additional information
When you visit the App, we may automatically collect
             additional information about you, such as the type of phone or
             operating system you use and, if you came to the website, the type
             of internet browser you use and the website from which you have
             come to the site. Also, depending on whether you access the App on
             your personal computer or via your mobile device, we will collect
             your IP address (the unique address which identifies your home
             computer on the internet) or the installation of the App on your
             smartphone which are automatically recognized by our servers. You
             cannot be identified solely from this information and it is only
             used to assist us in providing an effective service on the App and
             to collect broad demographic information for aggregate use.
The App uses cookies to store certain information.
             Cookies are pieces of information that a website or app transfers
             to your hard drive or mobile device to store and sometimes track
             information about you. Although they do identify a user's device,
             cookies do not personally identify users.
Information sharing
We may disclose
             aggregate statistics about users of the App, and anonymized data on
             your location, movement and transport choices in order to selected
             third parties for research analysis product development and for
             other lawful purposes, but these statistics will include no
             personally identifiable information.
We may
             disclose your personal information to any of our affiliates, or to
             our agents or contractors who assist us in providing the services
             we offer through the App, fulfilling requests for information,
             receiving and sending communications, updating marketing lists,
             analyzing data, providing support services or in other tasks, from
             time to time. Our agents and contractors will only use your
             information to the extent necessary to perform their
             functions.
In the event that we undergo
             re-organization or are sold to a third party, you agree that any
             personal information we hold about you may be transferred to the
             entity or entities running the Offline-Maps.org business (or relevant
             part of it) or third party buyer.
We may disclose
             your personal information if required to do so by law or if we
             believe that such action is necessary to prevent fraud or
             cybercrime or to protect the App or enforce the terms under which
             you transact with us or enforce the rights, property or personal
             safety of any person.
Public forums
The App may, from time to time, make public forums
             available to its users. Any information that is disclosed in these
             areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution
             when using these and never disclose your personal
             information.
External links
The
             App may, from time to time, contain links to external sites. We are
             not responsible for the privacy policies or the content of such
             sites.
Under 13 year olds
We do
             not knowingly collect personal information from children under the
             age of 13. If you are under the age of 13, please do not submit any
             personal information through the App. We encourage parents and
             legal guardians to monitor their children’s internet use and to
             help enforce our privacy policy by instructing their children never
             to provide personal information on our website without their
             permission. If you have reason to believe that a child under the
             age of 13 has provided personal information to us, please contact
             us as specified below, and we will work to delete that information
             from our databases.
Notifications
We may send you information we think you may find useful
             (e.g. tube line and subway disruptions) or which you have requested
             from us by push notification and/or by email (if provided), and we
             or the operating system will always give you the option to opt-out
             of receiving further notifications or emails.
Offline-Maps.org Cookies Policy
When you interact with the
             App, we try to make that experience simple and meaningful. When you
             visit our App our server sends a cookie to your computer or mobile
             device (depending on how you access the site or App). Cookies are
             small pieces of information which are issued to your computer when
             you visit a website and which store and sometimes track information
             about your use of the site. A number of cookies we use last only
             for the duration of your web session and expire when you close your
             App. These are known as "session cookies". Other cookies are used
             to remember you when you return to the App and will last for
             longer. These are known as "persistent cookies".
We use cookies to:
• remember that you
             have visited us before; this means we can identify the number of
             unique visitors we receive. This allows us to make sure we have
             enough capacity for the number of users that we get; customize
             elements of the promotional layout and/or content of the pages of
             the site; and
• collect statistical information
             about how you use the site so that we can improve the site and
             learn which parts of the website are most popular to
             visitors.
Some of the cookies used by our App are
             set by us, and some are set by third parties who are delivering
             services on our behalf. For example, we use Google Analytics to
             track what users do on the App so we can improve the design and
             functionality.
Most browsers automatically accept
             cookies but, if you prefer, you can change your browser to prevent
             that or to notify you each time a cookie is set. You can also learn
             more about cookies by visiting
www.allaboutcookies.org
which includes
             additional useful information on cookies and how to block cookies
             using different types of browser. Please note however, that by
             blocking or deleting cookies used on the site you may not be able
             to take full advantage of the App if you do so.
Contacting us
Please submit any
             questions, concerns or comments you have about this privacy and
             cookies policy or any requests concerning your personal data by
             email to
info@offlinemapguide.com