Privacy Policy
Last updated July 21, 2021
CASIO Computer Co., Ltd. (hereinafter “
CASIO
”) takes the protection of personal information extremely seriously, in compliance with the privacy rules on the protection of personal information, including applicable laws, regulations and relevant guidelines thereto. This
Privacy Policy
describes the types of information that CASIO (hereinafter also “
we
”, “
us
” or “
our
”) collects, how we use and share the information and how the information is protected. This Privacy Policy applies to all CASIO services that directly reference or link to this Privacy Policy, however, does not apply to CASIO services that have separate privacy policies or privacy notices that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
1. Principle on Collection and use of information
｜Compliance
CASIO will comply with applicable laws and other regulations relating to the appropriate handling of your personal information. We will make ongoing efforts to review and improve the management system and measures to protect personal information.
｜Notification
Collection of personal information is conducted with publication of the purpose of use by ways allowed by applicable laws and regulations. However, in case that such information is collected directly from the individual who is owner of the information in writing or by means equivalent to writing, purpose of use should be specified and notified with type of information to be collected.
｜Implementation of Security Measures
CASIO takes appropriate information security measures to ensure the security and accuracy of personal information, such as measures to prevent unauthorized access to your personal information, to protect the information from loss, falsification and leakage, and other appropriate security measures.
｜Respect for the Rights of Individuals
CASIO respects the legal rights of the individual in relation to their personal information. We will respond to your requests, such as request for disclosure, notification of purpose of use, amendment, addition, deletion, cessation of use and cessation of provision to a third-party, with respect to your personal information possessed by us. If you have any such request, please contact us at the contact information indicated in
10. Contact Information
.
｜Non-Mandatory
Provision of personal information concerning you to CASIO is at the discretion of you. CASIO may ask you to provide the personal information in order to fulfill your request or provide CASIO services, where if personal information necessary for your request or CASIO services is not provided to us, you may not receive response or the services in whole or in part.
｜Legal grounds we use personal information
CASIO generally collects only the personal information necessary to fulfill your request. Where additional or optional information is sought, you will be notified at the point of collection.
When we process your personal information, we will rely on one of the following processing conditions:
Performance of a contract: this is when the processing of your personal information is necessary in order to perform our obligations under a contract;
Legal obligation: this is when we are required to process your personal information in order to comply with a legal obligation, including but not limited to, keeping records for tax purposes and providing information to a law enforcement agency or another authority;
Your consent: in some cases, we will ask you for specific permission to process some of your personal information, and we will process your personal information only in the way you agreed. You may withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us
here
; or
Legitimate interests: we will process your personal information where we have a legitimate interest in running a lawful business, so long as it doesn’t outweigh your interest nor override your fundamental rights and fundamental freedoms.
Examples of the “legitimate interests” referred to above are;To offer information and/or services on our websites to individuals who visit our websites, such individuals include but not limited to those who seek for business or employment opportunities;
To prevent fraud or criminal activity and to safeguard our IT system;
To customize individual’s online experience and improve the performance, usability and effectiveness of our websites;
To conduct and to analyze our marketing activities;
To meet our corporate and social responsibility obligations; and
To exercise of fundamental rights in the applicable laws including our freedom to conduct a business and right to property.
2. Categories of information we collect
｜　(1) Information that you provide us
When you choose to provide us with the information about you – for example, to register for or use CASIO services or to contact us by email, we obtain the information. This may include information such as your name, email address, phone number, date of birth, country of residence, language, gender, and time zone.
｜　(2) Automatic collection of personal information
In some instances, our system automatically retrieves certain types of information from your computer system each time you visit us online or use our application software, as long as necessary for accomplishment of the purposes described below or as allowed by law, through emails that we may exchange or using cookies, web beacons and other technologies. The collection of such information will allow us to customize your online experience, improve the performance, usability and effectiveness of our websites, and to measure the effectiveness of our marketing activities. For further information, please read our cookie policy – which you find
here
.
Your personal information is not used for any purposes other than those stated in Section 3 (1), unless we obtain your permission, or unless otherwise required or permitted by applicable law. For example, if you register for CASIO ID or any other CASIO services and provide us with information about your preferences, we will use such information to personalize your user experience. When you login to our websites or services using your CASIO ID, we may also recognize you as the same user across any different devices you use and personalize your user experience across other CASIO websites you visit and CASIO services you use.
｜　(3) Your purchases
Some of CASIO services may offer you to make purchases. If you use any of our services to make a purchase, CASIO may collect information about the purchase. This could include contact information (such as your name, your phone number, your billing and shipping address), purchase date, name of products or services you purchased and its billing amount. Please note that payment information, such as your credit card number and account authentication information that you provide to settlement agency will NOT be shared with us.
｜　(4) Product reviews
You may post a review comment about our product on our websites. Your review comment would be helpful for us as well as prospective customers of our products.
Your review comment posted under your CASIO ID will be displayed on our website as a product review by a “verified account” along with your name or nickname registered with your CASIO ID. However, if you want to do so, you can post your review comments anonymously in accordance with instructions provided on our website. Please note that once you posted your review comment anonymously, then you cannot edit or remove it because of technical reasons.
｜　(5) Contact form
Our websites offer you a contact form which you can use to contact us electronically. If you use such form, the data entered on the input screen, including but not limited to your name, your email address, subject and message, are communicated to us and stored.
Such data will be erased as soon as they are no longer needed to fulfil the purpose for which it was collected, at the time the relevant conversation between you and us is ended when it can be inferred from the circumstances that the issue in question has been conclusively clarified, provided that such erasure is not barred by any statutory archiving obligations.
｜　(6) Social media login information
If you choose to register for or login to our website using a third-party single sign-in service that authenticates your identity and connects your social media login information with CASIO (e.g., Google, facebook or Twitter), we will collect any information or content needed for the registration or login that you have permitted the social media provider to share with us, such as your name and email address. Other information we collect will depend on the privacy settings you have set with the relevant social media provider, so please review the privacy notice of the applicable third-party service.
｜　(7) Social media widgets and applications
Our websites may include functionality to enable sharing via third-party social media applications, such as the Facebook Like button and Twitter widget. These social media applications will collect and use information regarding your use of CASIO websites (see details on our cookie policy). Any personal information that you provide via such social media applications will often be collected and used by other members of that social media applications, and such interactions are governed by the privacy policies of the social media provider. We do not have control over, or responsibility for, those providers or their use of your information.
3. How we use your information
We use and collect the information about you only for the purpose mentioned hereinafter, to the extent it is related with the purpose of the services provided by CASIO.
｜　(1) Customer Information
Shipping and delivery of products and services.
Sending promotional materials and other information about products, services, campaign, events and benefits from us, our affiliate companies and authorized business partners.
Providing our services and executing contracts with you, including application services, software, online services, product support and any other services that you request.
Carrying out market research, surveys, monitoring and analysis for statistical or other purposes for us to review, develop, improve the quality of our products and services.
Suggesting to you personally relevant features, offering you customized content to allow you to participate in interactive features of our services, and providing you with tailored advertising.
Keeping our services, business and users safe and secure, complying with applicable laws and regulations, and protecting or exercising our legal rights or defend against legal claims.
Responding to your inquiries.
｜　(2) Personal information of other companies, organizations, government agency clients and business partners
Managing client and transaction information.
Executing contracts including but not limited to business shipments and deliveries.
Provision of the information regarding our products and services.
Reports, communications and inquiries to the competent authorities as required for our business purposes
Responding to the inquiries, meetings, negotiations and any other business communications.
｜　(3) Other
Recruitment activities of any and all employee, regardless of title or grade, and HR operations after the admission
Providing recruitment information and the like to applicants for employment and communications, etc., required for recruitment
Responding to the inquiries
Fulfilment our legal obligations and execution of required procedures under the laws, regulations or related guidelines.
4. How your information is shared
｜　(1) Service Providers
We may share your personal information with third-party service providers that provide services to us for a variety of business purposes, such as data hosting and processing, payment service, customer services, email development, advertising and marketing (including ad delivery, personalization, audience segmentation and analytics), security and performance monitoring, maintaining or servicing accounts, and processing or fulfilling orders and transactions.
We will appropriately supervise the service providers so that your personal information will be securely managed.
｜　(2) Affiliates and Authorized Business Partners
We may sometimes share your information to our affiliate companies or our authorized business partners (such as distributors) which operate or provide our products and services in your country or region only within the scope of the purpose stated in Section 3 (1), and only when it is required for conducting our business or for the provisions or improvement of global services by CASIO or our affiliates. Personal information to be shared and used will be as follows.
CASIO ID registration information, including your name, date of birth, email address, country or region of your residence and the categories of CASIO services you are using.
Information relating to inquiries or CASIO services to be provided by you.
CASIO is responsible for managing the shared use of collected personal information.
｜　(3) Cross-border transfers
Personal Information may be transferred to, and stored by, a third-party outside the country where you live or you were in when you accessed our websites or used our services. Such outside countries include the countries in which our affiliates, authorized business partners, service providers and subcontractors are located, within the framework of the applicable data protection legislation.
｜　(4) Legal purposes
We may share your personal information to comply with legal process, respond to claims or inquiries, enforce our terms, or protect and defend the rights, property or personal safety of our operations, our customers, or the public.
｜　(5) Business Transfers
We may share your personal information as part of a substantial corporate transaction, such as sale or transfer of company assets, merger, consolidation, or as otherwise legally permitted.
｜　(6) When you access third-party services
If you access third-party services, such as third-party online services linked to or form on our websites, and any contents provided by email, application software and social media services, such third-party services may be able to collect information about you, including information about your activity on our services, and they may notify your connections on the third-party services about your use of our services, in accordance with their own privacy policies.
｜　(7) With your consent
We may share your personal information for any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect the information or pursuant to your consent.
5. Your controls, choices and rights
We may offer you certain controls and choices regarding the information we collect, how the information is used, and how it is shared. These controls and choices may include the ability to update, correct or delete information that you have provided to us or information that we have collected through your use of our services. They may also include the ability to opt-out of receiving notifications, promotions, offers or other advertising from us.
Depending on your place of residence, you may have a number of legal rights in relation to the personal information that we hold about you, in accordance with applicable law. For information on how to submit a request with respect to such rights, click
here
The following is a summary of each of the rights you may have;
i.   the rights to obtain information regarding the processing of your personal information and access to the personal information that we hold about you;
ii.  the rights to request that we rectify your personal information if it is inaccurate, incomplete or outdated;
iii. the right to request that we anonymize, block or erase your personal information when; (a) data is processed under your consent and you withdraw it; or (b) the personal information collected is unnecessary, excessive or it is not being processed in accordance with applicable law;
iv.  the right to request for portability of your personal information to another service of service provider, with due regard for trade and industrial secrets;
v.   the right to request us about public and private entities with which we shared your personal information;
vi.  the right to receive information about the possibility to refuse providing consent and the respective consequences;
vii. the right to withdraw your consent to our processing of your personal information at any time. Please note, however, that we may still be entitled to process your personal information if we can rely on another legal ground for doing so;
viii.the right to file a request for reconsideration of the decisions made solely in reliance on automated processing of personal information affecting your interests, including the decisions intended to define your personal, consumer, credit profile or other traits of your personality;
xi.  the right to oppose to the data processing based on one of the legal bases beside consent, in case of failure to comply with the provisions of the applicable law; and
x.   the right to appeal to supervisory authority, in the country of your residence, if you are of the opinion that the processing of your personal information infringes the provisions of the applicable law.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights and choices, although some of the functionality and features available on our services may change or no longer be available to you.
6. Information retention and information security
｜　(1) Storage period and erasure of data
The personal information collected, processed and stored by CASIO will essentially only be stored for such time as demanded by the concrete purpose of storage. If the purpose of storage/processing ceases to apply, i.e., when we no longer need to use your personal information to comply with contractual or statutory obligations, your information will be erased or anonymized.
However, the situation may furthermore arise where applicable laws or other regulations (e.g. regulatory obligations) require that the data processed by us to be retained for a longer period of time, e.g. statutory retention periods, or if we need it to preserve evidence within the statutes of limitation. When these retention periods expire, we delete or anonymize your data.
｜　(2) Implementation of Security Measures
CASIO has implemented appropriate physical, technical and administrative security standards to protect personal information against loss, misuse, modification or destruction. We will also promptly correct any security measures if it is recognized that an improvement is required. Furthermore, we will establish personal information protection rules and management system based on this Privacy Policy and make ongoing efforts to review and improve such rules and system.
i.   Organization: A person responsible for the management of personal information will be appointed to every treatment of personal information within us to ensure that such information is managed appropriately. Training sessions will be provided to all employees on the protection and appropriate management of personal information in daily business.
ii.  Anonymously Processed Information: When producing anonymous processed information, we will comply with the standards stipulated by laws and regulations and implement appropriate safety control measures.
iii. Outsourcing control: Our third-party service providers are contractually obligated to preserve the confidentiality of personal information. In addition, they may not use the information for purposes that have not been approved by us.
7. Information about children
CASIO understands the importance of protecting children’s privacy, especially in an online environment. We are aware that individuals under the age of 14 may not be eligible to provide valid consent for processing of personal information. Therefore, our websites are not intentionally designed for or directed at children under the age of 14.
We do not knowingly collect, use or share personal information from minor without verifiable parental consent or as permitted by law. Where a parent or legal guardian has provided consent, the minor may be able to use our services with CASIO ID or any other accounts registration. Parents or guardians may review, modify, or delete the miner’s personal information, or withdraw consent, by contacting us using the contact information provided at
10. Contact Information
.
8. Changes
We may update this Privacy Policy at any time to ensure it is consistent with industry trends and/or any changes in legal or regulatory requirements. Subject to any rights you may have at law, you agree to be bound by the prevailing terms of this Privacy Policy which may be modified and/or updated by CASIO from time to time.
9. Privacy Mark Certification
CASIO is accredited by JIPDEC.
10. Contact information
If you have any questions, concerns or comments regarding this Privacy Policy, or any of our privacy practices, please contact:
｜Name and address of the controller (CASIO)
CASIO Computer Co., Ltd.
6-2, Hon-machi 1-chome
Shibuya-ku, Tokyo 151-8543
Japan
Query form: Click
here
｜Contact information of the Data Protection Officer
You can also contact our data protection officer directly. The data protection officer can be contacted at:
CASIO Computer Co., Ltd.
Data Protection Officer
6-2, Hon-machi 1-chome
Shibuya-ku, Tokyo 151-8543
Japan
Email:
This Query form and Email address are only for subjects related to our Privacy policy or Privacy practices.
Please refrain from sending messages which are not related to them through this Query form or Email address.
Those messages not related may not be replied.
11. Inquiry and/or request concerning your personal data
If you have an inquiry and/or request about your personal data which you registered with us, please click
here
Corporate TOP
Privacy Policy