MuStar - Privacy and Cookie Policy
Last Updated: May 2018
Table of Contents
Personal Data We Process Within Our Services
How We Use Your Personal Data
How We Share Your Personal Data
Where We Store Your Personal Data
The Security of Your Personal Data
Data Retention
Information Relating to Children
Your Rights
Complaints
Changes
Contact
Welcome to MuStar (the "
App
"). The App is provided or controlled by MuStar, Inc., a
    company duly incorporated and validly existing under the Laws of California ("
we
" or
    "
us
").
    We are controller of your personal data in the sense of Art. 4 (7) of the General Data Protection Regulation
    ("
GDPR
") and other data protection or data privacy laws in the Member State of the European
    Union and other Guidelines with a data protection nature regarding the Platform and as such, we are committed to
    protecting and respecting your privacy.
Our contact details are: MuStar Inc., 10351 Santa Monica Blvd #310, Los Angeles, CA 90025 USA.
MuStar Inc.'s representative in the EU pursuant to Art. 27 GDPR is News Republic SAS, Rue Robert Caumont,
    33049 Bordeaux Cedex, France.
The Data protection officer of MuStar Inc. may be contacted under AV@QStudio.org.
To provide our services to you, we offer you a website and a free app ("
App
") that you can
    download onto your mobile phone. This policy sets out the basis on which any Personal Data from you will be
    processed, collected, used, and disclosed by us when you access or use our website, applications, products and
    content (collectively, the "
Services
").
Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your Personal Data and how we
    will treat it. Capitalized terms that are not defined in this policy have the meaning given to them in the
Terms of Service
.
The Personal Data We Process Within Our Service
We collect and process Personal Data either directly from you (e.g. when you provide certain information to us)
    or indirectly (e.g. through our Platform's technology).
"
Personal Data
" means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person
    ("
data subject
"); an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or
    indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data,
    an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental,
    economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person.
Information you give us
as a user
. You must be at least 13 years old to use our
    Services (or such greater age required in your country for you to be authorized to use our Services without parental
    approval). In addition to being of the minimum required age to use our Services under applicable law, if you are not
    old enough to have authority to agree to our Terms in your country, your parent or guardian must agree to our Terms
    on your behalf. We may ask you to provide approval of your parents or legal guardians that you are allowed to use
    our services via e-mail in accordance with our
Terms of Service
.
If you register an account with us to use the App, you must provide us with certain Personal Data, including your
    name, unique account name and, if provided, your e-mail address, telephone number and your photograph as well as
    your language selection. You may also be able to register using your user credentials to certain social media
    sites, such as Twitter, Facebook, Instagram or Google. This information also allows us or other users to find
    you on the App.
Information we collect about you when you use the Services.
When you use our Services we
    automatically collect your IP address (not using GPS data), device information, or other unique device
    identifiers, Cookies (as defined below), browsing records, mobile carrier, time zone and locale setting, mobile
    or device model, operating system and platform as well as information regarding your use of the Services, e.g.
    the comments you make on our App or any other user-generated content and video content that you broadcast on our
    App.
Furthermore, we collect behavioural information, for example, collecting engagement scores (likes, comments,
    repeated views) and relate users based on your behaviour, alongside marketing information such as opt-ins and
    communication preferences. We also collect information about linking your contact or subscriber information with
    your activity across our Services or by linking your activity on our App across all your devices using your
    email or social media log-in details.
When you use our App we may collect your account name, e-mail address, telephone number, photographs and any
    Personal Data in connection with videos of that you upload as well as the mobile phone model and the mobile
    phone operating system version. We further process information about your location based on IP address once to
    select the videos that we display according to your place of residence.
Information you choose to share from your social networks.
If you choose to link the App to your
    social network or public forum account (such as Facebook), you may provide us or allow your social network to
    provide us with information from your social network or public forum accounts. This data may include your use of
    the App on such public forums and/or social networks (e.g. your public profile information, e-mail address and
    friends list). For further information as to how and for what purpose the social network provider processes your
    Personal Data, please see their privacy policies.
Find other users and invite your friends.
You may find other users of the App either through (i)
    your phone contacts or (ii) Facebook contacts. If you chose to find other users through (i) your phone contacts,
    we will access your phone contacts, including the names, phone numbers, addresses and any other information that
    you have stored on your phone about your contacts in order to determine if they are using the App by matching
    them with existing users of the App. If you want to find other users through (ii) your Facebook contacts, we may
    process your public Facebook information as well as names and profiles of your Facebook contacts in accordance
    with the privacy provisions of Facebook. You may also invite selected recipients to join our App by sending them
    an e-mail with your profile, including you profile information.
Messages.
We collect and process information you provide, including any Personal Data, in the
    context of composing, sending, or receiving messages (that means the content as well as the information when the
    message has been sent, received and/or read and the participants of the communication) through our Service's
    messaging functionality. Please be aware that messages sent to other Users of our Service will be accessible by
    those other Users and that we are not responsible for the manner in which those Users use or disclose messages.
Metadata.
When you upload a video to the App (User Content) you automatically upload certain
    metadata that is connected to the User Content. In essence, metadata describes other data and provides
    information about your User Content that may not always be evident to the viewer. In connection with your video
    the metadata can describe how, when and by whom the piece of User Content was collected and how that content is
    formatted. It further includes Personal Data such as your account name that enables other user to trace back the
    video to your user account. Metadata may further consist of additional Personal Information that you chose to
    provide with the video, e.g. any hashtag to mark keywords to the video or comments.
Buy coins.
You may obtain coin packs via in-app purchases. You can use these coins to buy
    virtual gifts and send them to support other users during live.ly broadcasts or in their channels. When you
    chose to buy coins you will be transferred to your app store on your mobile device to complete the purchase. In
    connection with this purchase, we may collect Personal Data from you. Furthermore, if you purchase any gift
    points in accordance with the Gift Point Policy using your Apple iTunes or Google Play account, we process the
    confirmation of the payment and credit your account.
Information from third parties.
We may receive information if you use any of the other websites
    we operate or other Services we provide. We may also receive information from third party SDKs, and from other
    sources, including business directories and other commercially or publicly available sources. Please find a list
    of the information that we receive from third parties, including the respective
third parties
.
Cookies.
We use cookies and other similar technologies (e.g. web beacons, Flash cookies, etc.)
    ("
Cookies
") to enhance your experience using the Services. Cookies are used to indirectly
    collect information, including Personal Data, from you. Cookies are small files which, when placed on your
    device, enable us to provide certain features and functionality.
Although most Web browsers automatically accept Cookies, the decision of whether to accept or not is yours. You
    have the choice to accept or decline Cookies by way of consent (we may drop Strictly necessary Cookies even
    without your consent). If you do not accept Cookies, we will not be able to tailor the ads shown to you and you
    will receive only ads without customized content. Cookies placed by us will expire when you terminate the
    website session or after 90 days.
There are different Types of Cookies:
Strictly necessary Cookies.
These are Cookies that are required for the operation of
        the Services. They include, for example, Cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of the Services.
Functionality Cookies.
These are used to recognise you when you return to the
        Services. This enables us to personalise our content for you, greet you by name and remember your
        preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
Targeting Cookies
. These Cookies record your visit to the Services, the pages you have
        visited and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make the Services and the
        advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests. We may also share this information with third
        parties for this purpose.
Analytics Cookies
. Analytics are statistical audience measuring systems that we use for our
        Services.
Analytics information.
On our website, we use third-party analytics tools to help us measure
    traffic and usage trends for the Services. Traffic refers to the different data flows surrounding activities of
    the users on the Services. These tools, for example, collect information sent by your device or our Services,
    including the web pages you visit, add-ons, and other information that assists us in improving the Service. The
    information will be used to report and evaluate your activities and patterns as a user of the Platform to
    provide services in accordance with these activities.
Our third party analytics tool is Google Analytics provided by Google, Inc (1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain
    View, CA 94043, USA). Google Analytics uses Cookies, small text files containing a string of alphanumeric
    characters and being stored on your computer. Google will use this information including your truncated IP
    address to assemble statistics on the use of our Service on to provide other related services as described
    above. For further information on how Google Analytics collects and processes information about you and
    information on how to opt out from Google's collection of information from you, please click
here
. You may also find further information in the
Google Analytics Terms of Service & Privacy.
We further use "Facebook Pixel" of Facebook Inc., 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA ("Facebook"). This tool
    is solely used for retargeting purposes in order to reveal if you have seen our advertisement on Facebook. If
    you do not want Facebook to collect the described information about you, you can opt-out of Facebook's use of
    cookies and Facebook Pixel
here
.
Please note that our websites do not respond to "do-not-track" signals in your web browser. "Do-not-track"
    signals are preferences that users can set on their web browser to limit how their activity is tracked across
    third-party websites or online services.
How We Use Your Personal Data
We will use your Personal Data for the following purposes:
Personal Data that we collect from your visit on our website is processed for system administration (e.g. to
    improve our Website and services to you), for statistical or security proposes (e.g. to guarantee the website's
    stability and security) of our website as well as to solicit your feedback. The processing of this Personal Data
    is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests pursuant to Art. 6 (1) lit. f GDPR.
We are required by law to verify your age and ensure that you are old enough to use our Services and therefore
    ask you for your birthdate prior to your registration on the Services pursuant to Art. 6 (1) lit. c GDPR.
The e-mail address and content of the e-mail, including the names and addresses, if provided, concerning the
    approval from your parents or legal guardians for your use of the Services will be processed by us to verify
    that we are allowed to provide you with the Services, Art. 6 (1) lit. c GDPR.
When you register as user of our Services, we obtain Personal Data to create your user account, which is
    necessary to provide you with you the Services according to Art. 6 (1) lit. b of the GDPR. We may further use
    your Personal Data from your registration in accordance with Art. 6 (1) lit. b GDPR to:
notify you about changes to our Services;
provide you with user support;
enforce our terms, conditions and policies; or
communicate with you.
We may use your Personal Data from your registration that identifies you as a user of the Service also to allow
    other users to identify you via the "Find other friends" function as a user of the Service as well as your phone
    contacts to find other users and to connect you on the Platform and support the socializing function of the
    Services in accordance with our legitimate interest to provide users the ability to connect on the Services for
    a more lively community, Art. 6 (1) lit. f GDPR. Furthermore, in the "Find other friends" function you may
    send an e-mail to anyone via your e-mail provider and invite him/her to use the App. In order to fulfil our
    legitimate interest according to Art. 6 (1) lit f GDPR to expand our Services and increase your user
    friends, we provide you with your profile information to send to anyone you choose.
We collect and process the Personal Data of your User Content in order to provide you the Services and to enable
    you to participate on the Platform and interact with other users, Art. 6 (1) lit. b GDPR. Without the submission
    of your Personal Data such as your name, user account name or the Personal Data within your User Content we may
    not be able to provide you with our service. We further use your Personal Data to make the Personal Data
    available to other Users in accordance with the privacy settings you chose for the respective Personal Data. If
    you upload a video to the App for the first time, you will be notified that you are using our Services on a
    public account, meaning that you Post a video that may be viewed by every user of MuStar regardless your
    connection to the user. You may limit the audience having access to the Personal Data included in the
    information that you Post to the Service in your privacy settings as specified in the information window.
    Changes to the privacy settings in the App will immediately apply and also affect Information that you have
    posted in the past. We will delete your Personal Data from your use of the Service once you decided to delete
    the respective UGV or Broadcast Content or other information you provided in your profile.
We may also process your Personal Data of your use of the Service to show you content that is similar to content
    you liked or interacted with (by comments and/or watching), content from your region as well as by users you
    follow. This processing of Personal Data of you helps us to improve the content of the Service in accordance
    with Art. 6 (1) lit. f GDPR.
In particular, we will process your Personal Data to be responsive to you and to ensure the proper functioning of
    our products and organisation, Art. 6 (1) lit. f GDPR. As it is in our legitimate interests, we may use your
    Personal Data to:
improve the Services and to ensure content from the Services is presented in the most effective manner for
        you and your device;
administer the Services and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing,
        research, statistical and survey purposes;
allow you to participate in interactive features of the Services, when you choose to do so;
personalise the content you receive and provide you with tailored content that may be of interest to you;
keep the Services safe and secure;
develop our Services and conduct product development;
measure and understand the effectiveness of the advertising we serve to you and others;
to provide you with services based on the country settings you have chosen, such as advertising and other
        content that is related to the country settings.
make suggestions and recommendations to you and other users of the Services about goods or services that may
        interest you or them; or
provide you – or permit selected third parties to provide you – with information about goods or
        services we feel may interest you. Where we permit selected third parties to use your data, we (or they)
        will contact you by electronic means only if you have consented to this (Art. 6 (1) lit a GDPR).
If you provide your consent, we may promote the Services and use information that you give to us, such as
    user-generated content and video content that you may choose to broadcast on our App, as part of our advertising
    and marketing campaigns to promote the Services in accordance with Art. 6 (1) lit. a GDPR.
The processing of your Personal Data in relation to the usage of the messenger function is solely for the purpose
    to provide this functionality of the Service to you pursuant to Art. 6 (1) lit. b GDPR, in order for you to
    contact other users of the Service. It will only be processed if you choose to use this function. You may choose
    to delete any Personal Data in this regard on your discretion via the clear cache function within the App's
    settings.
How We Share Your Personal Data
We may share your personal data with selected third parties in or outside your country, including:
our business partners so that we can make you special offers via the Services;
with respect to on-screen advertisements, advertisers and advertising networks that require the data to
        select and serve advertisements to you and others. We will not share your contact details with our business
        parties so they will not contact you directly, but we will share other information so that they can make you
        offers tailored to your requirements in ;
our suppliers and subcontractors who help us run the Services; or
analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of the Services.
We may also share your information with any member or affiliate of our group, which includes our subsidiaries,
    our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, and companies that we control, are controlled or under common
    control, and our service providers and strategic business partners, and their respective subsidiaries, in each
    case in or outside your country, for the purposes set out above ("
How We Use Your Personal Data
").
    For the purpose of moderation (e.g. prevention of illegal uses), increasing of user numbers, development and
    engineering and analysing of information for purposes regarding the operation of the Services, we share your
    Personal Data with our subsidiary Beijing Jiyun Interaction Technology Co., Ltd. in China. Please refer below to
    "
The Security of Your Personal Data
" for the security of your Personal Data in connection with
    the storage.
We may further share your information with law enforcement agencies, public or tax authorities or other
    organisations if legally required to do so, or if we have a good faith belief that such use is reasonably
    necessary to:
comply with a legal obligation, process or request (including tax and related reporting requirements);
enforce our Terms of Service and other agreements, policies, and standards, including investigation of any
        potential violation thereof;
detect, prevent or otherwise address security, fraud or technical issues; or
protect the rights, property or safety of us, our users, a third party or the public as required or
        permitted by law (including exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes
        of fraud protection and credit risk reduction).
We may also disclose your information to third parties:
in the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your data to the
        prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets; or
if we sell, buy, merge, are acquired by, or partner with other companies or businesses, or sell some or all
        of our assets. In such transactions, user information may be among the transferred assets.
Where We Store Your Personal Data
The Personal Data that we collect from you will also be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside of
    your country and the European Economic Area ("
EEA
"), specifically, to third party servers in
    the United States of America, Japan and China. We transfer your Personal Data to the servers of our host
    providers Amazon Web Services in Japan and the United States of America and Alibaba Cloud in the United States
    of America. We also transfer any video content of the users to the servers of our host providers Amazon Web
    Services, Alibaba Cloud, StackPack, LLC (Highwinds) and Akamai Technologies, Inc. in the United States of
    America .
It may also be processed by staff operating outside your country or the EEA who work for us, for one of our
    suppliers or one of our business partners. Please refer below to "
The Security of Your Personal
    Data
„ for the security of your Personal Data in connection with the storage.
The Security of Your Personal Data
We take steps to ensure that your information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
    Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do
    our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your information transmitted through
    the Platform; any transmission is at your own risk. We do have appropriate technical and organizational measures
    to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risk of varying likelihood and severity for the rights and
    freedoms of you and other Users. We maintain these technical and organizational measures and may amend them from
    time to time to improve the overall security of our systems. We also ensure that our third party vendors will
    provide the same level of protection as provided in the terms of this Privacy Policy.
For a copy of these Standard Contractual Clauses, please contact us under support@mustar.me.
We may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and
    affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own
    privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check
    these policies before you submit any information to these websites.
Data Retention
We will retain your information for so long as we are required to retain such information under applicable
    laws.
We delete your Personal Data concerning the in-app message function if your account is terminated, for any
    reason, after 30 days.
We delete your browser behaviour information after 90 days. We installed a periodic review for the deletion of
    your browsing information and designated someone who is responsible for the review and deletion.
After you have terminated your use of our services, we may store your information in an aggregated and anonymised
    format. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we may also retain any personal information as reasonably necessary to
    comply with our legal obligations, allow us to resolve and litigate disputes, and to enforce our agreements.
Information Relating to Children
The Services are not directed at children under the age of 13. Users under the relevant age of majority are not
    allowed to use the Services or register an account on the App without the consent of their parent of guardian.
    If we become aware that Personal Data has been collected from a person under such age in the relevant
    jurisdiction and parental or guardian consent has not been provided, we will delete this information and
    terminate the person's account. If you believe that we may have Personal Data about or collected from a child
    under the specified age in the relevant jurisdiction without the consent of their parent or guardian, please
    contact us at support@mustar.me.
Your Rights
You have the right to access your Personal Data that we hold about you and to correct, update, amend, suppress,
    delete or otherwise modify any Personal Data where it is inaccurate, or has been processed in violation of the
    applicable data protection regulations, unless we have to keep the Personal Data for legitimate business or
    legal purposes. Prior to the fulfilment of your request concerning your Personal Data, we may ask you to verify
    your identity before we can act upon your request.
You may object to the use or processing of your Personal Data or withdraw consent to use your Personal Data at
    any time.
You have the following rights:
The right to require free of charge (i) information whether your Personal Data is retained and (ii) access
        to and/or (iii) duplicates of the Personal Data retained. However, if the request affects the rights and
        freedoms of others or is manifestly unfounded or excessive, we reserve the right to charge a reasonable fee
        (taking into account the administrative costs of providing the information or communication or taking the
        action requested) or refuse to act on the request;
The right to request proper rectification, removal or restriction of your Personal Data;
Where processing of your Personal Data is either based on your consent or necessary for the performance of a
        contract with you and processing is carried out by automated means, the right to receive the Personal Data
        concerning you in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format or to have your Personal Data
        transmitted directly to another company, where technically feasible (data portability);
Where the processing of your Personal Data is based on your consent, the right to withdraw your consent at
        any time without impact to data processing activities that have taken place before such withdrawal or to any
        other existing legal justification of the processing activity in question;
The right not to be subject to any automatic individual decisions which produces legal effects on you or
        similarly significantly affects you; and
The right to take legal actions in relation to any breach of your rights regarding the processing of the
        Personal Data, as well as to lodge complaints before the competent data protection regulators.
As far as we process your Personal Information on the basis of our legitimate interests (Art. 6 (1) lit. f)
        GDPR), you may object to processing (Art. 21 (1) GDPR) at any time. You may find a detailed description of
        our processing activities and the legal basis in the section before. If you object to such processing, we
        ask you to state the grounds of you objection in order for us to examine the processing of your personal
        data and decide whether to adjust the processing accordingly.
Please note that the processing of your personal data may involve direct marketing activities as described
        above. If you do not want to have your activity on MuStar's Services processed for direct marketing
        activities, you can object to any data processing free of charge at any time via e-mail (Art. 21 (2) GDPR)
        (support@mustar.me/for the other Contact Details see above).
Please send an e-mail to us if you would like to exercise any of your rights (support@mustar.me).
Complaints
In the event that you wish to make a complaint about how we process your Personal Data, please contact us in the
    first instance at support@mustar.me and we will endeavour to deal with your request as soon as possible. This
    is without prejudice to your right to launch a claim with your data protection authority or follow the dispute
    resolution process provided in the
Terms of Service
.
Changes
We will use commercially reasonable efforts to generally notify all users of any material changes to this Policy,
    such as through a notice on our Services, however, you should look at this Policy regularly to check for such
    changes. We will also update the "Last Updated" date at the top of this Policy, which reflects the effective
    date of such Policy. Your continued access to or use of the Services after the date of the updated Policy
    constitutes your acceptance of the updated Policy. If you do not agree to the updated Policy, you must stop
    accessing or using the Services.
Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this Policy are welcomed and should be addressed to
    support@mustar.me.
List of third parties that MuStar collects Personal Data of its users
Third party
Personal Data
Facebook
email, friends list, public profile info (based on user setting e.g., age, name, gender)
Google
email, friends list, public profile info (based on user setting e.g., age, name, gender)
Instagram
email, friends list, public profile info (based on user setting e.g., age, name, gender)
Twitter
email, friends list, public profile info (based on user setting e.g., age, name, gender)
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html:
marketingplatform.google.com uses cookies from Google to deliver and enhance the quality of its services and to analyze traffic.
Learn more
.
OK, got it
Google Analytics Terms of Service
These Google Analytics Terms of Service (this
"Agreement"
) are entered into by
                Google LLC (
"Google"
) and the
                entity executing this Agreement
                (
"You"
). This Agreement governs
                Your use of the standard Google Analytics (the
"Service"
). BY CLICKING THE "I
                ACCEPT" BUTTON, COMPLETING THE REGISTRATION
                PROCESS, OR USING THE SERVICE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT
                YOU HAVE REVIEWED AND ACCEPT THIS AGREEMENT AND ARE
                AUTHORIZED TO ACT ON BEHALF OF, AND BIND TO THIS
                AGREEMENT, THE OWNER OF THIS ACCOUNT.
Our Service is a business tool. You must
                only use our Service exclusively for purposes
                relating to your trade, business, craft or
                profession.
In consideration of the parties’ respective rights
                and obligations that are described in this
                Agreement, the parties agree as follows:
1. Definitions.
"Account"
refers to the account
                for the Service and UA Properties and GA4
                Properties. For UA Properties, all Views (as
                applicable) associated with a single UA Property
                will have their Hits aggregated before determining
                the charge for the Service for that UA Property.
"Confidential Information"
includes any proprietary data and any other
                information disclosed by one party to the other in
                writing and marked "confidential" or disclosed
                orally and, within five business days, reduced to
                writing and marked "confidential". However,
                Confidential Information will not include any
                information that is or becomes known to the general
                public, which is already in the receiving party's
                possession prior to disclosure by a party or which
                is independently developed by the receiving party
                without the use of Confidential Information.
"Customer Data"
or "Google
                Analytics Data" means the data that you collect,
                process or store using the Service concerning the
                characteristics and activities of Users.
"Documentation"
means any
                accompanying documentation made available to You by
                Google for use with the Processing Software,
                including any documentation available online.
"Event"
means a base unit of
                measurement that is processed in the Service
                through a GA4 Property, which may include but is
                not limited to a page view, transaction, screen
                view or other interactions. An Event can be a call
                to the Service from various libraries or otherwise
                delivered to the Service by OSCIs.
“GA Property”
means a UA Property
                or GA4 Property, as applicable.
“GA4 Property”
(formerly known as
                an ‘App + Web’ property) means the compilation of
                Google Analytics settings and information
                associated with the same ‘Property ID’ to which
                Events are sent.
"GAMC"
means the Google Analytics
                Measurement Code, which is installed on a Property
                for the purpose of collecting Customer Data,
                together with any fixes, updates and upgrades
                provided to You.
“Google Affiliates”
means Google
                and its wholly owned subsidiaries.
"Hit"
means a base unit of
                measurement that is sent to the Service for
                processing through a UA Property. Examples of Hits
                may include page view hits and ecommerce hits. A
                Hit can be a call to the Service by various
                libraries or otherwise delivered to the Service by
                OSCIs.
“OSCI”
means an
                “
Officially Supported Client
                Interface
”, which is a mechanism or
                protocol made available by or supported by Google
                that can be used to send Hits or Events, as
                applicable, to the Service.
"Platform Home"
means the user
                interface through which You can access certain
                Google Marketing Platform-level functionality.
"Processing Software"
means the
                Google Analytics server-side software and any
                upgrades, which analyzes the Customer Data and
                generates the Reports.
"Property"
means any web page,
                application, other property or resource under Your
                control that sends data to Google Analytics.
"Privacy Policy"
means the privacy
                policy on a Property.
"Report"
means the resulting
                analysis shown at
analytics.google.com
, some of which
                may include analysis for a View or Events.
“SDKs”
mean certain software
                development kits, which may be used or incorporated
                into a Property app for the purpose of collecting
                Customer Data, together with any fixes, updates,
                and upgrades provided to You.
"Servers"
means the servers
                controlled by a Google Affiliate on which the
                Processing Software and Customer Data are stored.
"Software"
means the Processing
                Software, GAMC and/or SDKs.
"Third Party"
means any third
                party (i) to which You provide access to Your
                Account or (ii) for which You use the Service to
                collect information on the third party's behalf.
“UA Property”
means a
                “
Universal Analytics Property
”,
                which is the compilation of Google Analytics
                settings and information associated with the same
                ‘Property ID’ to which Hits are sent.
"Users"
means users and/or
                visitors to Your Properties.
"View"
means the collection of
                settings that together determine the information to
                be included in, or excluded from, Reports for UA
                Properties. For example, a View could be
                established to view a small portion of a web site
                as a unique Report.
The words
"include"
and
"including"
mean "including but
                not limited to”.
2. Fees and Service.
Subject to Section 15, the Service is provided
                without charge to You for (a) GA4 Properties and
                (b) UA Properties for up to 10 million Hits per UA
                Property per month. Google may change its fees and
                payment policies for the Service from time to time
                including the addition of costs for geographic
                data, the importing of cost data from search
                engines, or other fees charged to Google or another
                Google Affiliate by third party vendors for the
                inclusion of data in the Service reports. The
                changes to the fees or payment policies are
                effective upon Your acceptance of those changes
                which will be posted at
www.google.com/analytics/
. Unless
                otherwise stated, all fees are quoted in U.S.
                Dollars. Any outstanding balance becomes
                immediately due and payable upon termination of
                this Agreement and any collection expenses
                (including legal fees) incurred by Google will be
                included in the amount owed, and may be charged to
                the credit card or other billing mechanism
                associated with Your Google Ads account.
3. Member Account, Password, and Security.
To register for the Service, You must complete the
                registration process by providing Google with
                current, complete and accurate information as
                prompted by the registration form, including Your
                e-mail address (username) and password. You will
                protect Your passwords and take full responsibility
                for Your own, and third party, use of Your
                accounts. You are solely responsible for any and
                all activities that occur under Your Account (save
                for activities carried out by, or on behalf of,
                Google Affiliates). You will notify Google
                immediately upon learning of any unauthorized use
                of Your Account or any other breach of security.
                Google Affiliates’ support staff may, from time to
                time, log in to the Service under Your customer
                password in order to maintain the service,
                including to provide You assistance with technical
                or billing issues.
4. Nonexclusive License.
Subject to the terms and conditions of this
                Agreement, (a) Google grants You a limited,
                revocable, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable license
                to install, copy and use the GAMC and/or SDKs
                solely as necessary for You to use the Service on
                Your Properties or Third Party Properties; and (b)
                You may remotely access, view and download Your
                Reports stored at www.google.com/analytics/. You
                will not (and You will not allow any third party
                to) (i) copy, modify, adapt, translate or otherwise
                create derivative works of the Software or the
                Documentation; (ii) reverse engineer, decompile,
                disassemble or otherwise attempt to discover the
                source code of the Software, except as expressly
                permitted by the law in effect in the jurisdiction
                in which You are located; (iii) rent, lease, sell,
                assign or otherwise transfer rights in or to the
                Software, the Documentation or the Service; (iv)
                remove any proprietary notices or labels on the
                Software or placed by the Service; (v) use, post,
                transmit or introduce any device, software or
                routine which interferes or attempts to interfere
                with the operation of the Service or the Software;
                or (vi) use data labeled as belonging to a third
                party in the Service for purposes other than
                generating, viewing, and downloading Reports. You
                will comply with all applicable laws and
                regulations in Your use of and access to the
                Documentation, Software, Service and Reports.
5. Confidentiality and Beta Features.
Neither party will use or disclose the other
                party's Confidential Information without the
                other's prior written consent except for the
                purpose of performing its obligations under this
                Agreement or if required by law, regulation or
                court order; in which case, the party being
                compelled to disclose Confidential Information will
                give the other party as much notice as is
                reasonably practicable prior to disclosing the
                Confidential Information. Certain Service features
                are identified as "Alpha," "Beta," "Experiment,"
                (either within the Service or elsewhere by Google)
                or as otherwise unsupported or confidential
                (collectively, "Beta Features"). You may not
                disclose any information from Beta Features or the
                terms or existence of any non-public Beta Features.
                Google and the Google Affiliates will have no
                liability (including any indemnification
                obligations) arising out of or related to any Beta
                Features. Any use of Beta Features will be solely
                at Your own risk and may be subject to additional
                requirements as specified by Google. Google is not
                obligated to provide support for Beta Features and
                Google may, at its sole discretion, cease providing
                Beta Features as part of any Services.
6. Information Rights and Publicity.
Google will not share Your Customer Data or any
                Third Party's Customer Data with any third parties
                unless Google (i) has Your consent for any Customer
                Data or any Third Party's consent for the Third
                Party's Customer Data; (ii) concludes that it is
                required by law or has a good faith belief that
                access, preservation or disclosure of Customer Data
                is reasonably necessary to protect the rights,
                property or safety of Google, its users or the
                public; or (iii) provides Customer Data in certain
                limited circumstances to third parties to carry out
                tasks on Google's behalf (e.g., billing or data
                storage) with strict restrictions that prevent the
                data from being used or shared except as directed
                by Google. When this is done, it is subject to
                agreements that oblige those parties to process
                Customer Data only on Google's instructions and in
                compliance with this Agreement and appropriate
                confidentiality and security measures.
7. Privacy.
You will not and will not assist or permit any
                third party to pass information, hashed or
                otherwise, to Google that Google could use or
                recognize as personally identifiable information,
                except where permitted by, and subject to, the
                policies or terms of Google Analytics features made
                available to You, and only if, any information
                passed to Google for such Google Analytics feature
                is hashed using industry standards. You will have
                and abide by an appropriate Privacy Policy and will
                comply with all applicable laws, policies, and
                regulations relating to the collection of
                information from Users. You must post a Privacy
                Policy and that Privacy Policy must provide notice
                of Your use of cookies, identifiers for mobile
                devices (e.g., Android Advertising Identifier or
                Advertising Identifier for iOS) or similar
                technology used to collect data. You must disclose
                the use of Google Analytics, and how it collects
                and processes data. This can be done by displaying
                a prominent link to the site "How Google uses
                information from sites or apps that use our
                services", (located at
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
,
                or any other URL that Google may provide from time
                to time). You will use commercially reasonable
                efforts to ensure that a User is provided with
                clear and comprehensive information about, and
                consents to, the storing and accessing of cookies
                or other information on the User’s device where
                such activity occurs in connection with the Service
                and where providing such information and obtaining
                such consent is required by law.
You must not circumvent any privacy features (e.g.,
                an opt-out) that are part of the Service. You will
                comply with all applicable Google Analytics
                policies located at
www.google.com/analytics/policies/
(or
                such other URL as Google may provide) as modified
                from time to time (the
"Google Analytics
                Policies"
).
You may participate in an integrated version of
                Google Analytics and certain Google advertising
                services ("Google Analytics Advertising Features").
                If You use Google Analytics Advertising Features,
                You will adhere to the Google Analytics Advertising
                Features policy (available at
support.google.com/analytics/bin/answer.py?hl=en&topic=2611283&answer=2700409
).
                Your access to and use of any Google advertising
                service is subject to the applicable terms between
                You and Google regarding that service.
If You use the Platform Home, Your use of the
                Platform Home is subject to the Platform Home
                Additional Terms (or as subsequently re-named)
                available at
https://support.google.com/marketingplatform/answer/9047313
(or such other URL as Google may provide) as
                modified from time to time (the "Platform Home
                Terms").
To the extent that Your use of the Service is
                within scope, You and Google agree to the Google
                Ads Data Processing Terms at
https://business.safety.google/adsprocessorterms/
(the “Processing Terms”). Google will not modify
                the Processing Terms, except as expressly permitted
                under the Processing Terms.
8. Indemnification.
To the extent permitted by applicable law, You will
                indemnify, hold harmless and defend Google
                Affiliates, at Your expense, against (a) any and
                all third-party claims, actions, proceedings, and
                suits brought against any Google Affiliate or any
                of their officers, directors, employees, agents or
                affiliates, and (b) all related liabilities,
                damages, settlements, penalties, fines, costs or
                expenses (including, reasonable attorneys' fees and
                other litigation expenses) incurred by any Google
                Affiliate or any of their officers, directors,
                employees, agents or affiliates, arising out of or
                relating to such third-party claims, actions,
                proceedings, and suits; in each case as a result of
                (i) Your breach of any term or condition of this
                Agreement, (ii) Your use of the Service, (iii) Your
                violations of applicable laws, rules or regulations
                in connection with the Service, (iv) any
                representations and warranties made by You
                concerning any aspect of the Service, the Software
                or Reports to any Third Party; (v) any claims made
                by or on behalf of any Third Party pertaining
                directly or indirectly to Your use of the Service,
                the Software or Reports; (vi) violations of Your
                obligations of privacy to any Third Party; and/or
                (vii) any claims with respect to acts or omissions
                of any Third Party in connection with the Service,
                the Software or Reports. Google will provide You
                with written notice of any claim, suit or action
                from which You must indemnify Google Affiliates.
                You will cooperate as fully as reasonably required
                in the defense of any claim. Google reserves the
                right, at its own expense, to enforce this Section
                8 on behalf of all Google Affiliates and assume the
                exclusive defense and control of any matter subject
                to indemnification by You.
9. Third Parties.
If You use the Service on behalf of the Third Party
                or a Third Party otherwise uses the Service through
                Your Account, whether or not You are authorized by
                Google to do so, then You represent and warrant
                that (a) You are authorized to act on behalf of,
                and bind to this Agreement, the Third Party to all
                obligations that You have under this Agreement, (b)
                Google may share with the Third Party any Customer
                Data that is specific to the Third Party
                Properties, and (c) You will not disclose Third
                Party's Customer Data to any other party without
                the Third Party's consent.
10. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW,
                EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED FOR IN THIS AGREEMENT,
                GOOGLE MAKES NO OTHER WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, WHETHER
                EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING
                WITHOUT LIMITATION WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
                FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR USE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
11. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.
TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, GOOGLE
                WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR YOUR LOST REVENUES OR
                INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL,
                EXEMPLARY, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, EVEN IF GOOGLE OR
                ITS SUBSIDIARIES AND AFFILIATES HAVE BEEN ADVISED
                OF, KNEW OR SHOULD HAVE KNOWN THAT SUCH DAMAGES
                WERE POSSIBLE AND EVEN IF DIRECT DAMAGES DO NOT
                SATISFY A REMEDY. GOOGLE'S (AND ITS WHOLLY OWNED
                SUBSIDIARIES’) TOTAL CUMULATIVE LIABILITY TO YOU OR
                ANY OTHER PARTY FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGES RESULTING
                FROM CLAIMS, DEMANDS, OR ACTIONS ARISING OUT OF OR
                RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT EXCEED $500
                (USD).
12. Proprietary Rights Notice.
The Service, which includes the Software and all
                Intellectual Property Rights therein is, and will
                remain, the property of Google (and the other
                Google Affiliates). All rights in and to the
                Software not expressly granted to You in this
                Agreement are reserved and retained by Google and
                its licensors without restriction, including,
                Google's (and the other Google Affiliates’) right
                to sole ownership of the Software and
                Documentation. Without limiting the generality of
                the foregoing, You agree not to (and not to allow
                any third party to): (a) sublicense, distribute, or
                use the Service or Software outside of the scope of
                the license granted in this Agreement; (b) copy,
                modify, adapt, translate, prepare derivative works
                from, reverse engineer, disassemble, or decompile
                the Software or otherwise attempt to discover any
                source code or trade secrets related to the Service
                or Documentation; (c) rent, lease, sell, assign or
                otherwise transfer rights in or to the Software,
                Documentation or the Service; (d) use, post,
                transmit or introduce any device, software or
                routine which interferes or attempts to interfere
                with the operation of the Service, Documentation or
                the Software; (e) use the trademarks, trade names,
                service marks, logos, domain names and other
                distinctive brand features or any copyright or
                other proprietary rights associated with the
                Service for any purpose without the express written
                consent of Google; (f) register, attempt to
                register, or assist anyone else to register any
                trademark, trade name, serve marks, logos, domain
                names and other distinctive brand features,
                copyright or other proprietary rights associated
                with Google (or any other Google Affiliate) other
                than in the name of Google (or another Google
                Affiliate, as the case may be); (g) remove,
                obscure, or alter any notice of copyright,
                trademark, or other proprietary right appearing in
                or on any item included with the Service or
                Software; or (h) seek, in a proceeding filed during
                the term of this Agreement or for one year after
                such term, an injunction of any portion of the
                Service based on patent infringement.
13. U.S. Government Rights.
If the use of the Service is being acquired by or
                on behalf of the U.S. Government or by a U.S.
                Government prime contractor or subcontractor (at
                any tier), in accordance with 48 C.F.R. 227.7202-4
                (for Department of Defense (DOD) acquisitions) and
                48 C.F.R. 2.101 and 12.212 (for non-DOD
                acquisitions), the Government's rights in the
                Software, including its rights to use, modify,
                reproduce, release, perform, display or disclose
                the Software or Documentation, will be subject in
                all respects to the commercial license rights and
                restrictions provided in this Agreement.
14. Term and Termination.
Either party may terminate this Agreement at any
                time with notice. Upon any termination of this
                Agreement, Google will stop providing, and You will
                stop accessing the Service. Additionally, if Your
                Account and/or GA Properties are terminated, You
                will (i) delete all copies of the GAMC from all
                Properties and/or (ii) suspend any and all use of
                the SDKs within 3 business days of such
                termination. In the event of any termination (a)
                You will not be entitled to any refunds of any
                usage fees or any other fees, and (b) any
                outstanding balance for Service rendered through
                the date of termination will be immediately due and
                payable in full and (c) all of Your historical
                Report data will no longer be available to You.
15. Modifications to Terms of Service and Other
                Policies.
Google may modify these terms or any additional
                terms that apply to the Service to, for example,
                reflect changes to the law or changes to the
                Service. You should look at the terms regularly.
                Google will post notice of modifications to these
                terms at
https://www.google.com/analytics/terms/
,
                the Google Analytics Policies at
www.google.com/analytics/policies/
, or
                other policies referenced in these terms at the
                applicable URL for such policies. Changes will not
                apply retroactively and will become effective no
                sooner than 14 days after they are posted. If You
                do not agree to the modified terms for the Service,
                You should discontinue Your use of Google
                Analytics. No amendment to or modification of this
                Agreement will be binding unless (i) in writing and
                signed by a duly authorized representative of
                Google, (ii) You accept updated terms online, or
                (iii) You continue to use the Service after Google
                has posted updates to the Agreement or to any
                policy governing the Service.
16. Miscellaneous, Applicable Law and Venue.
(a) Google will be excused from performance in this
                Agreement to the extent that performance is
                prevented, delayed or obstructed by causes beyond
                its reasonable control. (b) This Agreement
                (including any amendment agreed upon by the parties
                in writing) represents the complete agreement
                between You and Google concerning its subject
                matter, and supersedes all prior agreements and
                representations between the parties. (c) If any
                provision of this Agreement is held to be
                unenforceable for any reason, such provision will
                be reformed to the extent necessary to make it
                enforceable to the maximum extent permissible so as
                to effect the intent of the parties, and the
                remainder of this Agreement will continue in full
                force and effect. (d) This Agreement will be
                governed by and construed under the laws of the
                state of California without reference to its
                conflict of law principles. In the event of any
                conflicts between foreign law, rules, and
                regulations, and California law, rules, and
                regulations, California law, rules and regulations
                will prevail and govern. Each party agrees to
                submit to the exclusive and personal jurisdiction
                of the courts located in Santa Clara County,
                California. The United Nations Convention on
                Contracts for the International Sale of Goods and
                the Uniform Computer Information Transactions Act
                do not apply to this Agreement. You will comply
                with all applicable export control and sanctions
                laws and regulations, including (i) the Export
                Administration Regulations ("EAR") maintained by
                the U.S. Department of Commerce, (ii) trade and
                economic sanctions maintained by the U.S. Treasury
                Department's Office of Foreign Assets Control, and
                (iii) the International Traffic in Arms Regulations
                ("ITAR") maintained by the U.S. Department of
                State. (f) Any notices to Google must be sent to:
                Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain
                View, CA 94043, USA, with a copy to Legal
                Department, via first class or air mail or
                overnight courier, and are deemed given upon
                receipt. (g) A waiver of any default is not a
                waiver of any subsequent default. (h) You may not
                assign or otherwise transfer any of Your rights in
                this Agreement without Google's prior written
                consent, and any such attempt is void. (i) The
                relationship between Google and You is not one of a
                legal partnership relationship, but is one of
                independent contractors. (j) This Agreement will be
                binding upon and inure to the benefit of the
                respective successors and assigns of the parties
                hereto. (k) The following sections of this
                Agreement will survive any termination thereof: 1,
                4, 5, 6 (except the last two sentences), 7, 8, 9,
                10, 11, 12, 14, 16, and 17.
17. Google Analytics and Firebase.
If You link a GA Property to Firebase
                (“
Firebase Linkage
”) as part of
                using the Service, the following terms, in addition
                to Sections 1-16 above, will also apply to You, and
                will also govern Your use of the Service, including
                with respect to Your use of Firebase Linkage. Other
                than as modified below, all other terms will stay
                the same and continue to apply. In the event of a
                conflict between this Section 17 and Sections 1-16
                above, the terms in Section 17 will govern and
                control solely with respect to Your use of the
                Firebase Linkage.
The following sentence is added to the end of
                Section 7 as follows:
If You link a GA Property to a Firebase project
                (“
Firebase Linkage
”) (i) certain
                data from Your GA Property, including Customer
                Data, may be made accessible within or to any other
                entity or personnel specified in the applicable
                Firebase settings and (ii) that GA Property may
                have certain Service settings modified by
                authorized personnel specified in the applicable
                Firebase settings (notwithstanding the settings You
                may have designated for that GA Property within the
                Service).
Last Updated May 15, 2023
Previous Versions
March 31,
                  2021
June 17,
                  2019