Last updated 22nd May 2017
At Crafty Entertainment Ltd we are committed to protecting and preserving the privacy of our visitors. This policy explains:
Who we are and how to contact us;
What information we collect from you whilst you visit our website (www.craftyquiz.com);
What information we collect from you whilst you use our products or services;
How we use and protect this information;
How we use any personal information that you provide to us;
How we use cookies;
Please read this privacy policy carefully and in full and note that we update this policy from time to time, so please review it regularly.
About Us
Crafty Entertainment Ltd is a company registered in England and Wales whose registered office is:
West Hill House Allerton Hill, Chapel Allerton, Leeds LS7 3QB
Company No. 09561613
VAT No. GB 211 3122 81
Email: info@craftyquiz.com
Phone: 07444 530 902
What We Collect
Through the process of running and maintaining this website and providing our products and services we may collect and process the following:
information about your use of our website including details of your visits such as pages viewed and the resources that you accessed. Such information includes traffic, location and other communication data;
information provided voluntarily by yourself, for example, when registering, downloading the Crafty Quiz software or making a purchase. This information may include your name, email address, phone number, postcode, town or city and country;
information you provide voluntarily when you communicate with us by any means;
information collected during your use of our products such as your IP address, your licence key, email address and your computer identification.
You can restrict the collection or use of your personal information by not downloading or using the Crafty Quiz software, not registering with Crafty Quiz or opting out of the Crafty Quiz contact list when you register with us.
How We Use This Information
We use the information we collect and you supply to help us improve our website, products and services and to gain an understanding of your needs as a customer. In addition to this, we use the information for internal record keeping, to improve or change our website, products and services and to keep you informed of these changes and about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting. We may contact you from time to time with information we think may be of interest to you using the email you provided during registration or download.
How We Look After Your Personal Information
We are committed to ensuring that the information we collect on-line is secure so, we will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we are required to do so by law.
To prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have the appropriate physical, electronic and administrative procedures to safeguard the information we collect on-line. The sending of information via the internet however, is not absolutely secure and on occasion, such information may be intercepted. We cannot guarantee the security of information you choose to send us electronically therefore, any information sent is entirely at your own risk. In operating our website, it may become necessary to transfer information that we collect from you, to locations outside of the European Union, for processing and storing. By providing your personal information to us, you agree to this transfer, storing and processing.
Cookies
A cookie is a small computer file which asks permission to be placed on your hard drive and all cookies used by this website are used in accordance with applicable UK and EU laws. If you agree, the file enables us to analyse web traffic to and from our website.  A cookie does not give us access to your computer or your personal information. You can choose to decline cookies, however some parts of our website will not work if you do so.
Links to Other Websites
Our website includes links to third party websites, however, a link does not mean that we endorse or approve of that website in any way. Furthermore, once you have used these links to leave our website, you should be aware that we have no control over the other website. We cannot be held responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such websites which are not governed by this Policy. We would advise you to review their privacy policy before sending them any personal information.
Access to Your Personal Information
In accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 you have the right to access any information that we hold relating to you. If you would like a copy of this information, please email us at info@craftyquiz.com or write to us at : Crafty Entertainment Ltd, West Hill House Allerton Hill, Chapel Allerton, Leeds LS7 3QB
Please note that we reserve the right to charge a fee of £10 to cover costs incurred in providing you with the information
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please email or write to us, using the above contact details, as soon as possible and we will make the necessary amendments to the information we hold. If you have any concerns or questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
General Terms
In the event that Crafty Entertainment Ltd is sold or ownership is transferred, either in part or in full, any information held by the business will also be transferred to the new owner who, under the terms of this Privacy Policy, will be permitted to use the information for the purposes for which it was originally supplied or collected.
If any of the terms of this Privacy Policy are determined by any competent authority to be invalid, unlawful or unenforceable to any extent, such term, condition or provision will to that extent be severed from the remaining Terms and Conditions which will continue to be valid to the fullest extent permitted by law.
This privacy policy is governed by and interpreted according to English law. All disputes arising under this privacy policy are subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
Useful Links
Terms and Conditions
Software Download Terms
Refunds & Returns Policy
Privacy Policy
Contact Us