본문 바로가기
GNB 메뉴 바로가기
좌측 메뉴 바로가기
하단 메뉴 바로가기
pre
Customer Center
Citibank Korea Inc. PRIVACY NOTICE
인쇄
글씨크기
확대
축소
고객상담
하위메뉴 펼치기
자주묻는질문(FAQ)
이메일상담
원격지원안내
상담내역조회
고객의소리
하위메뉴 펼치기
고객제안(제도개선)/칭찬
상품제안
금융사고/부조리
전자민원창구
하위메뉴 펼치기
서비스안내
전자민원신청
펀드판매관련불편신고센터
하위메뉴 펼치기
서비스안내
펀드판매관련 불편민원신청
민원사무편람(Sales)
하위메뉴 펼치기
민원이란?
민원신청절차및서식
민원접수및처리
신용카드 불법모집 신고방법 안내
연금정보오류신고
사고신고
하위메뉴 펼치기
사고신고안내
하위메뉴 펼치기
분실신고
정보유출시 대응법
계좌/통장/인감
하위메뉴 펼치기
사고신고등록
사고신고내역조회
신용카드
자기앞수표
가계수표
보안카드
OTP
씨티모바일 앱 서비스
하위메뉴 펼치기
지문로그인 조회/해제
개인정보보호안내
하위메뉴 펼치기
개인정보처리방침
신용정보활용체제
신용정보제공/활용중단신청
개인(신용)정보 수집이용 및 제공 관련 고객 권리 안내문
고정형 영상정보처리기기 운영방침
해외 개인정보처리방침
수수료안내
하위메뉴 펼치기
신용카드
예금관련
송금(자동화기기/전자금융)
대출관련
외환
수출입
서식/약관자료실
하위메뉴 펼치기
상품공시실
하위메뉴 펼치기
은행상품공시이용매뉴얼
예금상품
대출상품
복합금융상품
신용카드
신탁/채권
고난도 금융투자상품
외환
전자금융/기타
서비스이용수수료
기업금융 서식/약관/금리 공시실
은행서식
금융소비자정보
하위메뉴 펼치기
금융소비자보호헌장
금융소비자보호체계
소비자보호우수사례
민원공시
분쟁사례
금융판례
소비자정보
상품별 민원 상담 사례
대출고객안내사항
하위메뉴 펼치기
채무조정요청권(연체차주 지원 등)
취약/연체차주 지원
불법채권추심안내
채권추심업무처리절차
소멸시효 완성채권 추심 관련 금융소비자 유의사항
한국씨티은행 개인신용관리팀 소속 상담원
「개인금융채권의 관리 및 개인금융채무자의 보호에 관한 법률」에 의한 고객 고지 안내
씨티모바일이용안내
방문판매직원조회
Citibank Korea Inc. PRIVACY NOTICE
Citibank Korea Inc., (hereinafter as “Citibank”) processes and safely manage personal information in accordance with the Personal Information Protection Act and related laws and regulations to protect the freedom and rights of data subjects. As such, pursuant to Article 30 of the Personal Information Protection Act, Citibank Bank establishes and discloses the following Privacy Policy to inform data subjects of the procedures and standards for processing personal information and to promptly and smoothly handle grievances in this regard.
ARTICLE 1. PURPOSE OF HANDLING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
Citibank uses personal information for any of the purposes described below. Any personal information processed shall not be used for purposes other than stated below; provide, that your prior consent will be sought in case there are changes to originally prescribed purposes unless such changes are permitted by relevant laws and regulations.
1. For the purpose of processing (financial) transactions
Citibank uses personal information for the purpose of making inquiries on personal credit information through credit information companies or credit information centralization agencies pertaining to (financial) transactions, making a decision on building a (financial) transaction relationship, establishing·keeping·executing·managing a (financial) transaction relationship, investigating financial incidents, resolving disputes, addressing customer complaints or fulfilling statutory obligations.
(financial) transaction refers to bank business (loan, deposit, domestic and foreign exchange, etc.), universal banking (trust, fund, bancassurance, credit card, etc.), other business (guarantee, factoring, and safe-deposit box, safe deposit of securities certificates, etc.)
2. For the purpose of promoting and selling products and services
Citibank uses personal information for the purpose of surveying customer satisfaction to develop new services and offer customized ones, delivering services and posting advertisements in a way that meets demographic characteristics of target customers, verifying effectiveness of services, bringing benefits to them and opportunities for engagement by giving out free gifts or running customer promotions, identifying frequency of customer visits to our website or getting statistics concerning service utilization by our web members.
3. For the purpose of acquiring and maintain membership
Citibank uses personal information for the purpose of accepting membership applications, giving access to member-only services, verifying identity of users on limited information as legally required, identifying individual users, preventing illegitimate or unauthorized uses, confirming customer’s intention for membership sign-up, checking consent of a legal guardian to collect personal information of children under 14 and thereafter verifying identity of the legal guardian, investigating incidents, resolving disputes, addressing customer complaints or provide disclosures to customers.
4. For the purpose of dealing with online transactions
Citibank uses personal information for the purpose of tracing and searching details of electronic financial transactions or referring to statistics to develop security measures, as obliged in Articles 21 and 22 of Electronic Financial Transactions Act.
5. For the purpose of statistics, scientific research, and archiving in the public interest
For statistical purposes, scientific research purposes, and archiving purposes in the public interest, etc. the personal information can be pseudonymized according to Article 28(2) of the Personal Information Protection Act
ARTICLE 2. PERIOD OF PROCESSING AND RETENTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
Citibank shall use retain personal information for the period according to the retention and utilization period set forth by the law or the period of retaining and using personal information agreed upon when collecting personal information from the data subjects.
Each information retention and utilization period is as follows.
① Personal (credit) information with respect to (financial) transactions shall be retained·used for the period from the date of consent to information collection·utilization until 5 years after the date of termination of (financial) transactions for above-stated purposes; provided that such information shall be kept·used only for investigating financial incidents, resolving disputes, addressing customer complaints, fulfilling legal obligations or performing risk management operations of Citibank after the date of termination of such (financial) transactions.
② Personal (credit)information gleaned for the purpose of personal (credit)information inquiry shall be kept·used for the period from the date you agree to the collection·utilization of personal (credit)information to the end date of such consent; provided that such information shall be kept·used only for investigating financial incidents, resolving disputes, addressing customer complaints or fulfilling statutory obligations on or after the end date of your consent to providing personal information and authorizing inquires to be made thereon.
③ Personal (credit) information pertaining to promotion or sale of products and services shall be kept·used for the period from the date of consent to the collection·use of such information to the date of termination of (financial) transactions or the date of withdrawal of the consent; provide, that such information shall be retained·used only for investigating incidents, resolving disputes, addressing customer complaints or fulfilling statutory obligations with respect to purposes stipulated in ARTICLE 1 after the date of termination of (financial) transactions or the date of withdrawal of the consent.
④ Personal (credit)information gleaned for administering website signups and membership shall be kept·used for the period from the date of membership subscription to the date of unsubscription; provided that such information shall be kept·used only for investigating incidents, resolving disputes, addressing customer complaints or fulfilling statutory obligations with respect to purposes articulated in ARTICLE 1 on or after the date of exit.
⑤ Personal (credit)information pertaining to online transactions shall be kept·used for the period determined by ARTICLE 12 of Enforcement Decree of Electronic Financial Transactions Act.
⑥ ‘Pseudonymized personal information’ for the purpose of statistics, scientific research, and archiving in the public interest is retained and used only until the point (time) when the intended goals of the pseudonymization plan are accomplished.
ARTICLE 3. ITEMS OF PERSONAL INFORMATION REQUIRED
Citibank collects minimum necessary and optional information as follows which is required for establishing·keeping·executing·managing (financial)transactions and offering products and services.
1. Necessary information
 Personal identifiable information: name, personally identifiable information (resident registration numbers, driver’s license numbers, passport numbers, alien registration numbers), domestic residence numbers, CI, nationality, occupation, address (home, work), email address, contact information (home, work, phone number, etc.), etc.
Information on (financial)transaction: product type, transaction terms (interest rate, maturity, security, etc), date of transaction, transaction amount, etc.
Information required for credit assessment (only for loan transactions)
Information on credit ability: total asset·liability·income, records of taxes paid, other similar information, etc. that can determine credit ability
Determinant of credit rating: : information that can determine credit rating, such as default, delinquency, insolvency, subrogated performance, substitute payment incurred in connection with commercial transactions such as financial transactions and information that can determine credit worthiness, such as the amount, occurrence, and resolution timing related to destabilization of sound practices in credit transaction by other fraudulent means.
Information on credit transaction: information that can identify the details of credit transaction, such as loans, debt guarantees, credit cards, checking (household checking) accounts, financial transaction information, financial transaction details, transaction dates, etc
other information to access creditworthiness: other information required to assess one’s credit, such as health insurance premium payment, national pension premium payment, credit score, rating information, etc.
Any other information generated from consulting for establishing·keeping·executing·managing financial transactions and collection.
2. Optional information
Information stated on transaction application forms other than personal identifiers, or any other information given by you (such as on housing, family status, length of residence, household members, marital status, etc)
Personal information that is not essential to a contract but affects terms of transaction (such as interest rates, limit, etc.) or is required to provide additional benefits.
3. Information collected pursuant to Electronic Financial Transaction Act
Your user ID, date and time of log-in, IP address, phone number, or information on electronic devices and access medium (such as HDD serial, MAC address, personal firewall installation, type of operating system, browser version, etc.), electronic financial transactions, etc.
Citibank does not collect sensitive information that may infringe your privacy; provided that we collect such information, as needed, with your separate consent and make limited use of it only for purposes you consent to.
4. Collection Methods
Directly from customers who visit our branches
Website, written forms, fax, phone, Q&A message board, email, entry for promotional event, request for delivery
Collection tool for information populated
Inquiries received at Contact Center
ARTICLE 4. MATTERS CONCERNING THE PROCESSING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION OF CHILDREAN UNDER THE AGE OF 14
① In order to process the personal information of children under the age of 14, Citibank shall inform the legal representative of the child at a branch office, etc. about the processing of personal information, including the collection and utilization of the minimum amount of personal information required to perform the service, and obtain the consent of the legal representative.
②The information on the name and contact of the legal representative of a child may be collected directly from the child to obtain the consent of the representative, pursuant to paragraph 2 of Article 22-2
Collected items: name, relationship, and contact information of the legal representative
③ The legal representative of a child under the age of 14 may exercise rights such as requesting access to, correction of, or deletion of the child’s personal information.
ARTICLE 5. DISCLOSURE OF SOURCES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION, etc.
① In case of processing personal information gathered from sources other than the subject of the information, Citibank shall notify the subject of their rights to demand that Citibank disclose sources or withdraw the content and processing purpose of the information or suspend information processing within three (3) days from the demand, unless Citibank has valid reasons to do otherwise.
② In accordance with each subparagraph of Paragraph 4 of Article 20 of Personal Information Protection Act, in case Citibank rejects demand of a data subject made in accordance with Paragraph ①, Citibank, without justifiable causes to the contrary, shall inform the subject of the ground and reason of the rejection within three (3) days from the demand.
ARTICLE 6. PROVISION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION TO A THIRD PARTY
① Citibank uses your personal information within the scope of purposes determined in Article 1 herein and, without your prior consent, shall not exceed the prescribed scope or provide such information to a third party; except for the following cases where personal information may be used for purposes beyond the original scope or furnished to a third party unless such act may unreasonably prejudice interests of you or the third party :
1. you have given prior consent to provision or disclosure of personal information to a third party ;
2. there are special regulations of other laws permitting such act ;
3. it is clearly deemed necessary for urgent protection of life, body or property of you or a third party in cases where you or your legal representative is not in a state to express yourselves or you are not reachable for prior consent for reasons including but not limited to unknown address
② Citibank furnishes personal information as follows :
1. Recipients
Credit information centralization agencies and credit information companies
Credit information centralization agencies : Korea Credit Information Services, etc
Credit information companies : Korea Credit Bureau, NICE Information Service Co.,Ltd., Korea Rating & Data, etc.
Other public institutions etc. requiring submission under the same law or other laws.
Alliance partners
In detail
Citibank Korea Inc. and its affiliates including Citigroup HQ & Overseas supervisory institutions
Citigroup affiliates: Citigroup Inc., Citibank N.A. etc.
Overseas supervisory institutions: OCC, Fed(US)
2. Purpose of receiving personal information
To provide to credit information centralization agencies or credit information companies
Concentrated collection/retention/provision of credit information about financial institutions
To use as a basis to determine creditworthiness of individuals or for policy making at public institutions
For other uses prescribed by the provisions of the same law and/or other laws.
To provide to alliance partners
To use for promotion and sale of products and services in alliance
Click on above “1. Recipients – Alliance partners in detail” to see the purpose of providing personal information to each partner.
Provision to Citibank Korea Inc. and its affiliates including Citigroup HQ & Overseas supervisory institutions
Used as and provided for internal reporting, audit and inspection of respective financial institution
3. Personal information provided
Provided to credit information centralization agencies and credit information companies
Personal identifiers, information on credit transactions, credit ability, and credit rating, and other information required to access creditworthiness.
Provided to alliance partners
Any information other than personal identifiers, details of (financial)transactions or personal identifiers stated on transaction application forms, or any other information given by you (such as on housing, family status, length of residence, household members, marital status, etc)
Click on above “1. Recipients – Alliance partners in detail” to see the list of provided personal information to each partner.
Provision to Citibank Korea Inc. and its affiliates including Citigroup HQ & Overseas supervisory institutions
Information whose collection/usage are consented which is specifically required for inspection and audit purpose
Personal (credit) information gleaned prior to the consent herein shall be included.
4. Period of retention of personal information
Personal (credit)information shall be retained·used for the period from the date of provision until the date of withdrawal of consent or until when the purpose of such provision is fulfilled. On or after the day when such consent is withdrawn or the purpose of provision of personal information is met, such information shall be retained·used only within the scope required for investigating financial incidents, resolving disputes, addressing customer complaints or performing statutory obligations with respect to the above-stated purposes.
ARTICLE 7. OUTSOURCING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION PROCESSING
① Citibank outsources personal information processing as follows:
1. Outsourced vendors
In detail
Service providers for establishing·keeping·executing·managing (financial) transactions
Marketing companies for promotion and sale of products and services
Customer appreciation and promotional event companies
Research firms to survey customer satisfaction
Vendors for asset sales, etc
Click on above “1. Outsourced vendors In detail” for more details
2. Purpose of outsourced work
Vendors shall undertake outsourced services that are required for establishing·keeping·executing·managing (financial) transactions
Vendors shall undertake outsourced services that are required for promoting and selling products and services, giving out giveaways, customer appreciation and promotional events or customer satisfaction survey.
Consultative works for asset sales, etc
Click on above “1. Outsourced vendors In detail” for more details
3. Personal information provided
Personal identifier : unique identifiers such as name and resident registration number, nationality, job, contact information such as address, email or phone number, etc
Information on (financial)transaction: product type, terms of transaction(interest rate, maturity, security, etc), date of transaction, transaction amount, etc.
Information stated on transaction application form or given by you other than personal identifiers: residence, family status, length of residence, household members, marital status, etc.
Click on above “1. Outsourced vendors In detail” for more details
Personal (credit)information gleaned prior to the consent herein shall be included.
4. Period of retention of personal information
Click on above “1. Outsourced vendors In detail” for more details
② In contracting outside vendors, Citibank clarifies their contractual obligations to abide by laws and regulations governing personal information protection, prohibition of personal information provision to a third party and their liability in the contracts that are documented and kept both in writing and electronically by Citibank. Citibank will disclose any changes in the content of outsourcing by modifying Citibank Privacy Notice.
ARTICLE 8. OVERSEAS TRANSFER OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
Personal information is transferred overseas when it is necessary to entrust processing and storage for the conclusion and fulfillment of a contract with the data subject.
Overseas transfer
In detail
ARTICLE 9. PROCEDURES AND METHODS OF PERSONAL INFORMATION DESTRUCTION
① In case the retention period of personal information expires, Citibank shall destroy without any delay personal information on or after the day when such information becomes of no use for reasons such as expiration of retention period, fulfillment of purpose of personal information handling, discontinuation of relevant services or closure of business, etc. unless :
1. credit information centralization agencies or credit information companies retain personal credit information (only for the allowed retention period) for the purpose of centralized management·utilization of credit information or assessment of personal creditworthiness;
2. credit information companies, etc. retain personal credit information for the period of effectiveness of civil·criminal obligations or for the period under a statute of limitations or hold personal credit information as evidence to resolve disputes;
3. Citibank is obliged to preserve personal information in accordance with Article 33 of Commercial Act; or
Foundation for preservation / Personal information item preserved
Foundation for preservation
Personal information item preserved
Article 33 of Commercial Act
- Important documents related to business, such as contracts, transaction applications, etc.
Article 20-2 of Use and Protection of Credit Information Act
- Financial transaction information, such as account opening and transaction history
Article 201-10 of Enforcement Decree of the Income Tax Act
- Information for issuance of pension certificate, such as amount of annual payment, withdrawal, payment conversion, excluded taxable, etc.
Article 5-4 of Act on reporting and using specific Financial Transaction Information
- Materials such as financial transactions that can confirm the actual name of the other party
- Financial transactions, etc. subject to reporting
- Information, etc. about the remitter and the recipient
이전
다음
4. there are any other reasonable causes similar.
② Personal information in printed format shall be destroyed by shred into particle or incineration and personal information in electronic format shall be permanently destroyed by the way that cannot be restored.
ARTICLE 10. DATA SUBJECT & LEGAL REPRESENTATIVE’S RIGHTS & OBLIGATIONS AND WAYS TO ENFORCE THEM
① You are entitled to demand access to personal information handled by Citibank pertaining to you or children aged under 14 (only if you are their duly authorized legal guardian).
② You may demand that Citibank correct or delete personal information you have read in case the information differs from the truth or is not verifiable unless such information shall be collected, as regulated in other laws or regulations.
③ You may demand that Citibank suspend processing your personal information; provided that Citibank may reject such demand for suspension of information processing by giving you the reason of rejection if :
1. either there are special regulations in laws or Citibank cannot but process your information to fulfill our obligations that are required by laws and regulations ;
2. suspension of information processing may harm life·body of another person or unreasonably prejudice property or other interests of another person ; or
3. our failure to process personal information interferes with our performance of contract with you including but not limited to failure to provide contracted services to you in cases where you have not explicitly expressed your intention to terminate the contract.
④ The data subject can exercise rights such as access, correction, and deletion requests through Citibank’s branch (written submission), call centers (phone call submission), or Citibank website (online submission). The legal representative of a child under the age of 14 may exercise the right to request for viewing, correction, or deletion of the child’s personal information to Citibank and an data subject who is a minor over the age of 14 may exercise his or her rights himself or herself or through a legal representative. In case of a representative, the rights can be exercise through a branch office.
ARTICLE 11. SECURITY MEASURES TO PROTECT PERSONAL INFORMATION
Citibank takes technical / managerial and physical measures necessary for obtaining security as follows, as prescribed by Article 29 of Personal Information Protection Act.
① Encryption of personal information
Your pin number is accessible only by you because it is stored and managed through encryption. Files and transmission data containing important data are protected via separate security measures including encryption or file locking.
② Technical measures against hacking
To prevent any leakage or destruction of personal information triggered by hacking or computer viruses, Citibank has security programs installed and updated·monitored on a periodic basis while placing a system in an access restricted area and conducting technical/physical monitoring and access block from outside.
③ Restricted access to personal information system
Citibank takes measures required for restricting access to personal information by authorizing, modifying or terminating access to database system which processes personal information.
④ Minimize and train personal information handlers
Handlers of personal information shall be designated and be exclusively provided with minimum personal information.
ARTICLE 12. INSTALLATION, OPERATION, AND REJECTION OF THE AUTOMATIC COLLECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
Citibank uses cookies that save and retrieve user information to track users’ website visit history and does not use that information for any purpose other than its intended purpose or provide it to third parties. Cookies are small amounts of information that the server (http), used for running a website, sends to users’ computer browsers that can be stored on the hard disk of users’ PC.
Purpose of Use of Cookies
It is used to provide optimized information to users by having access to visit history, such as visit frequency and visit time.
Installation, operation, and rejection of cookies
Customer can change its option from your internet browser to accept all cookies, or confirm whenever it is saved or deny all cookies. However, if a user chooses the option to reject saving of cookies, it may cause inconvenience when using the service.
Web Brower (example)
Chrome : Settings -> Privacy and security -> third-party cookies -> selecting options (allowing or blocking cookies)
Microsoft Edge : Settings -> Cookies and site permissions -> Manage and delete cookies and site data -> selecting options (block cookies or allow sites to save and read cookie data)
ARTICLE 13. ADDITIONAL USAGE AND PROVISION CRITERIA
Pursuant to Article 15.3 and 17.4 of 「Personal Information Protection Act」 and considering Article 14.2 of 「Enforcement Degree of the Personal Information Protection Act」, Citibank can additionally use∙furnish personal information without the consent of the data subject.
Citibank considered the following to additionally use and provide personal information without the consent of data subject. In the event of additional use or continuous use of personal information, Citibank will disclose the judgement criteria for the consideration of each of the following items in advance in the privacy notice.
a. Whether the purpose of additionally using and providing personal information is related to the original purpose of collection
b. Whether there is predictability for additional usage and provision of personal information in light of the circumstances in which personal information is collected or the processing practices.
c. Whether the additional usage and provision of personal information unfairly violates the interests of the data subject.
d. Whether necessary measures to secure safety, such as pseudonymization or encryption, have been taken.
Article 14. PROCESSING PSEUDONYMOUS DATA
① Purpose of processing pseudonymous data
Pursuant to Article 28.2 of 「Personal Information Protection Act」, personal information may be pseudonymized without the consent of data subjects for statistical purposes (including commercial purpose), scientific research purposes (including industrial purpose), and archiving purposes in the public interest, etc. Click on below ‘⑥ Pseudonymization of Data in Detail’ to see Citibank’s purpose of processing pseudonymous data.
② Items of pseudonymized personal information
Click on below ‘⑥ Pseudonymization of Data in Detail’ to see type, item, and purpose of pseudonymized data processed by Citibank.
③ Processing and retention period of pseudonymous data
Pseudonymous data will be kept ∙ used only for the period (time) during which the purpose set forth by the initial plan for processing pseudonymous data is fulfilled. Click on below ‘⑥ Pseudonymization of Data in Detail’ to see Citibank’s processing and retention period for pseudonymous data.
④ Provision of pseudonymous data to a third party
Click on below ‘⑥ Pseudonymization of Data in Detail’ to see provision of pseudonymous data to a third party
⑤ Measures to ensure the safety of pseudonymous data
Managerial measure: Establishment and implementation of internal management plans and training employees regularly, etc.
Technical measure: Authority and access control to pseudonymous data, prevention of re-identification, and installment of security programs.
Physical measure: access control to computer rooms and data storage rooms
⑥ Pseudonymization of Data In
detail
ARTICLE 15. PEROSNAL INFORMATION PROTECTION OFFICER AND CONTACT INFORMATION OF GRIEVANCE HANDLIND DIVISION, etc.
① Personal information protection officer of Citibank, as prescribed in Paragraph 1 of Article 31 of Personal Information Protection Act is as follows:
Personal Information Protection Officer
Compliance Div.
: Han-Suk Kim
Email
:
counseling
TEL
: 02-2004-1566
② Request for access to personal information pursuant to Article 35 of the Personal Information Protection Act can be made through branches and internet banking.
Branches : Visit a branch to request to access (business hours : 09:00 ~ 16:00)
Internet banking website (www.citibank.co.kr) : After logging in, click setting (upper right corner) -> My Profile > Edit Profile > Manage Customer Information
③ Also, Please contact us at the number below for any inconvenience with your personal information including requests for access to your personal information. We will do our best to take care of it at the earliest possible time.
Citibank Customer Center
For banking services
: 1588-7000
For Internet Banking
: 02-3704-7700
For Citicard
: 1566-1000
Personal Information counsel
: 02-2004-1566
ARTICLE 16. REMEDIAL MEASURES FOR VIOLATION OF RIGHTS AND INTERSTS
If you want to report or consult infringement of privacy, please contact the following agencies :
① Personal Information Dispute Mediation Committee(
www.kopico.go.kr
/ 1833-6972)
② Cyber privacy center of Korea Internet Security Agency (
privacy.kisa.or.kr
/ 118(no area code))
③ Supreme Prosecutor’s Office (
www.spo.go.kr
/ 1301(no area code))
④ Korea National Police Agency (
ecrm.cyber.go.kr
/ 182(no area code))
ARTICLE 17. CHANGE OF Citibank Privacy Notice
In case of any changes to Citibank’s Privacy Notice, the timing of amendment and effectuation as well as details of changes shall be constantly disclosed. Comparison of before and after changes shall be disclosed to help you better grasp details of the changes.
This Privacy Notice is effective as of September 14, 2023.
The previous Privacy Notice can be found below
Select
Select
Citibank Korea Inc. PRIVACY NOTICE v17 (Sep. 14th, 2023)
Citibank Korea Inc. PRIVACY NOTICE v16 (Jan. 16th, 2023)
Citibank Korea Inc. PRIVACY NOTICE v15.1 (May. 1st, 2022)
Citibank Korea Inc. PRIVACY NOTICE v15.0 (Dec. 1st, 2021)
CITIBANK PRIVACY (HANDLING) POLICY v14.0 (Aug. 4th, 2020)
CITIBANK PRIVACY (HANDLING) POLICY v13.0 (Jun. 1st, 2019)
View Details
Revision Comparison Table
관련 서비스 가기
Customer Center
HOME
1차메뉴로 돌아가기
예금/신탁
예금/신탁상품
전체상품
입출금자유상품
목돈만들기상품
목돈굴리기상품
외화예금상품
신탁상품
예금가이드
주택청약안내
예금제도정보
비과세종합저축제도
예금자보호제도
신탁가이드
신탁상품안내
채권시가평가상품안내
자산건전성/운용현황
보호금융상품등록부
씨티카드
금융서비스
금융서비스 소개
단기카드대출
장기카드대출
일부결제금액이월약정
로그인없이 신청하기
원클릭 청구금액 분할납부
로그인없이 신청하기
원클릭 일시불 분할 납부
일시불분할납부
신용카드 이용한도
로그인 없이 조회/변경하기
카드상품
신용카드
체크카드
기업카드
카드 신청결과 및 배송 조회
카드혜택
프리미엄서비스
카드 포인트/마일리지
씨티포인트 안내
서비스안내
사용가맹점
세금납부
프리미어마일
씨티캐시백
제휴카드별 프로그램
카드이용 가이드
씨티카드 이용안내
해외이용안내
해외현금인출안내
금융서비스이용안내
일부결제금액이월약정(리볼빙)방식이란?
일부결제금액이월약정(리볼빙)수수료계산법
단기카드대출(현금서비스)이용안내
장기카드대출(카드론)이용안내
카드대출 지정인 알림 서비스
일시불분할납부서비스
원클릭 청구금액 분할납부서비스
제휴카드별 정보제공처
카드약관안내
신용카드 업무처리 안내
이용한도 부여기준 및 조정절차
부가서비스 변경 근거 및 절차
연체시 처리 절차
카드관리/온라인결제
카드사용등록
비밀번호 신규등록
카드분실/도난/재발급
카드분실/도난 신고
타사카드 분실신고 결과조회
보이스피싱/금융사고
보이스피싱/금융사고 신고
타사카드 보이스피싱/금융사고 신고 결과조회
신용카드 해지신청
온라인결제서비스
스마트간편결제
간편결제
일반결제
보안프로그램
씨티모바일카드
결제내역 알림 서비스
카카오톡 알림톡 수신 신청
카드이벤트/카드공지
이벤트
진행중인 이벤트
참여한 이벤트
이벤트 결과보기
지난 이벤트
공지사항
대출
대출상품
담보대출
대출상담/신청
예적금담보대출 신청
신용대출 연장 신청
대출관리
대출계좌조회
금리인하요구권
개인신용대출 대환 제휴 프로그램
대출이동시스템
금리인하 프로그램
보험
보험상품
전체상품
저축상품
변액상품
연금상품
양로상품
보장성상품
기타상품
보험가이드
방카슈랑스란
상품선택가이드
보험가입자보호제도
보험금청구안내
보험민원안내
부가정보
보험사소개/콜센터안내
모집수수료율공시
보험관리
보험증권조회
보호금융상품등록부
Wealth Management
펀드
국내펀드상품
전체상품
주식형
혼합형
채권형
MMF
파생상품형
재간접형
해외펀드상품
전체상품
주식형
혼합형
채권형
은퇴/재무설계
재무설계
은퇴설계
펀드가이드
펀드기초상식
해외펀드가이드
부가서비스
일일시장동향 및 글로벌시장전망
투자설명서공시안내
수시공시/공지사항
씨티골드
WM PASS(페이퍼리스 서비스) 지시상세내용/지시동의
원격거래서비스(페이퍼리스 서비스) 지시 상세내용/지시동의
원격거래서비스 지시 상세내용/지시동의
외환/글로벌
국제현금카드(씨티 글로벌 월렛)
씨티 글로벌 월렛 체크카드
서비스 소개
이용방법
수수료/제휴 ATM
FAQ
환율
환율서비스소개
환율조회
월드링크 해외송금 환율조회
글로벌 계좌이체 환율조회
SMS 맞춤 환율통지 서비스
외화예금상품
외화예금상품 서비스소개
인터넷외화정기예금(신규판매중단)
외화회전예금(신규판매중단)
멀티외화예금(신규판매중단)
자유전환예금(신규판매중단)
외환서비스안내
외환서비스안내 소개
환전서비스안내
인터넷 환전가이드
계좌간 환전가이드
FX오토바이셀 가이드
거주자별 환전조건
해외송금가이드
해외송금 서비스안내
해외송금 이용방법
체재유형별 송금안내
송금사유별 해외송금방법
송금절차 및 방법
송금유의사항안내
월드링크 해외송금안내
참편리한자동해외송금안내
해외송금 자동이체 안내
글로벌계좌이체 안내
외화수표추심조회 안내
국내 외화이체 가이드
국내당행외화이체
국내타행외화이체
글로벌뱅킹서비스안내
글로벌서비스안내소개
현금카드 해외인출서비스
환전혜택
항공 마일리지 안내
무방문 신청
은행이용자보호계획
은행이용자보호계획 안내
예금 / 적금
수시입출금 예금
정기예금 / 적금
예금 / 적금 Q&A
대출상품
신용대출
개인신용대출 대환 제휴 프로그램
담보대출
씨티 비즈니스 대출
대출상품 Q&A
외환 / 체크 / 현금카드
외환 / 송금서비스
체크카드 / 현금카드
외환 / 체크 / 현금카드 Q&A
신용카드
신규 및 해지
재발급
포인트 / 마일리지 / 부가서비스
할부 / 카드대출 / 리볼빙
신용카드 Q&A
투자상품 / 보험 / 신탁
투자상품
보험상품
신탁상품
투자상품 / 보험 / 신탁 Q&A
자주묻는질문
공통 질문 Q&A
예금 / 적금 Q&A
대출상품 Q&A
외환 / 체크 / 현금카드 Q&A
신용카드 Q&A
투자상품 / 보험 / 신탁 Q&A
음성 및 영상 안내
씨티골드
씨티비즈니스
기업뱅킹
인터넷뱅킹
신용카드
지점/ATM
한국어
ENGLISH
Sub-section Policy: 