Privacy Policy
Our Website Address:
www.rewiresecurity.co.uk
Company Information:
REM Trading LTD. – GB219306813
Rewire Security
is committed to protecting the privacy of its customers. We will only use the information that we collect about you lawfully (in accordance with The EU’s
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
. We collect information about you to process your order and to provide you with the best possible service.
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection. Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here:
https://automattic.com/privacy/
. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
We only send promotional email or mail to you with your prior consent and do not pass any of your information to third parties without first gaining your explicit consent.
We need to collect the following information from you in order to process your order and notify you of the status of your order; Your Name Company Name Address Email address Credit or Debit card or Paypal details.
We will never collect sensitive information about you without your explicit consent, however additional information you may provide us with may be used to personalize your visits to our website.
We do not store credit card details nor do we share customer details with any 3rd parties.
We may use technology to track the patterns of behaviour of visitors to our website. This can include using a “cookie” which would be stored on your browser. You can usually modify your browser to prevent this from happening. The information collected in this way can be used to identify you unless you modify your browser settings. Please visit
Cookie Policy
to get more information on how we utilize cookies on this website.
The EU’s
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
requires us to be open about our holding and use of personal data. It also entitles individuals to find out from us what personal data is held about them on a computer, to have that information corrected or erased if it is inaccurate, and to claim compensation if they can prove they have suffered damage from inaccuracy or breach of security.
In addition to your rights under the GDPR, set out in section 4, when you submit personal data via Our Sites, you may be given options to restrict Our use of your data. In particular, We aim to give you strong controls on Our use of your data for direct marketing purposes.
Geo-location Data
In serving you, we may use GPS technology provided by your smartphont to determine your precise geographic location, in order to give this information to the users you have authorised for that and provide relevant services to them. We may use and store information about your real-time location to provide features of our Platform and to improve and customize it. Also, we may use it for statistics analysis and share that non-personal aggregated data with other parties. We will not use or share this data for any other purpose.
Many mobile phones will show you an icon when location services are operating. We only share this location information with others as approved by you.
If you do not want us to use your location for the purposes set forth above, you should switch off the GPS or turn off the location services for the mobile application located in your account settings or in your mobile phone settings and/or within the mobile application.
E-mail marketing practices
You may opt-out from any email marketing by using the unsubscribe links at the bottom of the marketing emails.
Payment Card details
We process your payment card details in order to complete the purchases that you made through the Website and mobile applications and may in certain instances disclose your personal data to third party credit reference agencies to perform credit checks against you. We do not save or store your credit card information on our website at any time.
Transferring data internationally
By using and/or shopping on the Rewire Security Websites you consent to the transfer of your personal data to our servers located in the European Economic Area (EEA), We do not transfer your personal data to third party data processors located in countries outside of the European Economic Area (‘EEA’).
We may disclose personal data we collect to third parties in the following manner: To provide you with behavioural advertising through the use of cookies on the Website. This means that we have your agreement to store information about the products you have viewed or purchased so that we are able to make the advertisements you see more relevant to you. In the event that you do not want to receive tailored advertising, or do not wish for any of your information to be processed through the use of cookies, please refer to the section on Cookies.  From time to time, to inform you by post, email, SMS or other available means, of products, services, promotions and special offers from our retail channel and REM Trading LTD. Group of Companies.
We may use your personal data in the following manner:
To provide an e-Receipt for purchase from the website.
User-submitted images may be transmitted to image compression servers in the UK & EU and stored there for up to 30 days.
For research, analysis, risk management, legal, accounting, administrative, testing, monitoring and for our business operations.
To assist with any of your customer queries.
In the detection and prevention of fraud or other crimes.
To enable us to comply with any legal or regulatory requirements.
In certain circumstances in order to process your order and to verify your identity, we may call your provided telephone number you have provided to perform security checks and to request that you verify certain information.
In the event that you purchase goods on the Rewire Security website, you may be sent an email requesting whether you would like to review your product.
To contact you if there is a query regarding your order.
To monitor and improve our services and the Website
Depending on your preferences on the use of our website and services, we, or third party data processors who act on our behalf, may use the personal data you provide us in the following manner:
Your customer queries.
Browsing and shopping activities.
Usernames.
Email addresses.
Phone and fax numbers.
Billing and delivery postal addresses.
Your name, age, date of birth and gender.
Rewire Security is committed to upholding EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). We may update our policies from time-time by posting a new version on our website, please check regularly to be aware of any updates.
Our Data Protection Officer / GDPR data protection representatives can be contacted directly here:
(
info@rewiresecurity.co.uk
)
(
0117 942 3650
)