Privacy Policy
Effective date: October 23, 2018
Epic Quiz (the Service) is a mobile Game available for download on Apple App Store.
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.
Information Collection And Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information ("Personal Data") that can be used to contact you if you need technical support or additional information about the Service.
We will not automatically collect and use any kind of Personal Data; the only Personal Data we may collect will be manually provided by you while using the Service.
Personal Data includes:
First and last name
A home or other physical address including street name and name of a city or town
Online contact information
A screen or user name that functions as online contact information
A telephone number
A social security number
A photograph, video, or audio file, where such file contains a child’s image or voice
Geolocation information sufficient to identify street name and name of a city or town
Usage Data
We may also collect information that your mobile Game sends whenever you use it ("Usage Data").
This Usage Data may include information such as such as the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Tracking Data
We use tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information. Tracking technologies are scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.
Privacy Policy for Children
The Game is not designed to be used by children under the age of 16. We do not knowingly collect personal information as defined by the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”) from children under the age of 16.  If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us through the support Web page and we will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time.
Use of Data
Epic Quiz uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain the Service
To notify you about changes to our Service
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
To provide customer care and support
To provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve the Service
To monitor the usage of the Service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
Transfer Of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Epic Quiz will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Disclosure Of Data
Legal Requirements
The Developers may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of Epic Quiz
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
To protect against legal liability
Security Of Data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.