Privacy Policy
Amy Whelan
2024-04-03T15:42:06+00:00
WHAT IS A PRIVACY POLICY?
We respect your right to privacy and any personal information you submit to the App will be treated in accordance with the Data Protection Acts, 1988 and 2003.
The purpose of this Privacy Statement is to let you know how we may collect, process and protect any personal data collected about you through our App and we urge you to read the following Privacy Statement carefully. Your access to and use of the App is subject to your acceptance of and consent to the terms of this Privacy Statement, as may be amended by us from time to time. If you do not or cannot agree to be bound by the terms of the Privacy Statement, you should not access or use the App or purchase a Product from it.
If you wish to discuss any matters relating to the processing of personal data on the App, please contact us.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU AND WHAT IS IT USED FOR?
You should be aware that each time you visit and browse through the App, we may retain statistical and other analytical information collected on an aggregate and non-individual specific basis. The statistical and analytical information we collect provides us with general and not individually specific information about the number of people who visit the App, the number of people who return to the App, the pages that they visit, where they were before they came to the App and the page in the App at which they exited. This information helps us monitor traffic on our App so that we can manage the App’s capacity and efficiency. It also helps us to understand which parts of the App are most popular, and generally to assess user behaviour and characteristics in order to measure interest in and use of the various areas of the App.
Furthermore, throughout the App you may have an opportunity to knowingly provide us with information relating to you such as your name, email address, company name, telephone number, etc via a registration application form and/or customer support or sales enquiry form.
We never willfully disclose your personal data to any third parties without your prior consent. However, where we work with third parties to provide certain services on our App, including but not limited to customer support, assistance with the registration process, web hosting, managing and processing credit or debit card transactions, we will need to disclose your personal data to such third parties. Where we disclose personal data about you to a third party, such third parties are required to uphold the same privacy principles as those set out in this Privacy Statement. Such third parties are not permitted to use your personal data for any other purposes. We retain the right at all times to contact you in relation to the App, the Products and any other services provided via the App.
We may also collect potentially personally-identifying information through Google Analytics. The analytics feature implemented is based on Display Advertising (e.g., Remarketing, Google Display Network Impression Reporting, the Doubleclick Campaign Manager integration, or Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting). Visitors can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customer Display Network ads using
Ads Settings
.
We will not facilitate the merging of personally-identifiable information with non-personally identifiable information previously collected from Google Display Advertising features that is based on the DoubleClick cookie unless we have robust notice of, and the user’s prior affirmative (i.e., opt-in) consent to, that merger. At any time, visitors may choose to opt-out of Google Analytics tracking with the Google Analytics
opt-out browser add-on
.
We may use the Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting feature from time to time to help identify trends in the usage of our App.
YOUR DETAILS
Access Earth will never disclose any personally identifiable details to any third party. In addition we will endeavour to protect your data from unauthorised access.
We understand that we do not own this data and that you may request a full electronic copy of it at any time and have it wholly removed from Access Earth’s system. Access Earth, and its employees, may from time to time need to access such data but only in the maintenance and support of the service.
HOW DO WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology to our database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
TRANSFER OF PERSONAL DATA
We do not forward information about you to any third party, unless required to do so by law or to comply with any legal process as well as to defend and protect the rights of Access Earth, and/or our other customers or unless you have requested us to do so.