Terms and Conditions
For your use of Hedia Diabetes Assistant
1. Terms of use
Your use of the Hedia Diabetes Assistant (the “Application”) is governed by this agreement entered into between you and Hedia ApS CVR 37664618, Emdrupvej 115A, 3. floor, 2400 København NV, Denmark (the “Application Provider”).
1.1 Depending on your country of residence a free-to-use user license may be:
issued to you by your healthcare provider who will provide you with an access code
downloaded by you via the App Store or Google Play
issued to you through your healthcare insurance provider
1.2 Please read the following information carefully. By clicking “Agree” in the Application, you agree to the following terms and conditions:
2. License
2.1 Subject to the terms and conditions of this agreement, the Application Provider grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable license to use the Application for the purpose of receiving suggestions for insulin intake and related use.
2.2 Any use of the Application outside the license specifically granted by the Application Provider constitutes an infringement of the Application Provider’s intellectual property rights and is a material breach of this agreement.
3. Restrictions on License
3.1 Except as otherwise specifically permitted in this agreement, you may not:
(i) download the Application from anywhere other than Google Play or App Store;
(ii) modify or create any derivative works of the Application;
(iii) copy the Application except as provided in this agreement or elsewhere by the Application Provider;
(iv) separate the Application, which is licensed as a single service, into its component parts;
(v) reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble or otherwise attempt to derive the source code for any software product of the Application (except to the extent applicable laws specifically prohibit such restriction);
(vi) redistribute, encumber, sell, rent, lease, sublicense or otherwise transfer rights to the Application. You may NOT transfer the Application under any circumstances;
or(vii) remove or alter any trademark, logo, copyright or other proprietary notices, legends, symbols or labels in the Application.
4. Safety Information
4.1 Before commencing use of the Application, you should always discuss the use of the Application with your diabetes educator or clinician. You should only use the personal settings if you agree with them.
4.2 The suggested rapid-acting insulin dose calculated by the Application is intended only as a guide. If you are in any doubt about the recommended rapid-acting insulin dose, you must follow the advice of your diabetes educator or clinician.
4.3 The suggested rapid-acting insulin dose will be invalid if you enter incorrect data or have not recorded any insulin dose which occurred in the preceding 4 hours. The suggested rapid-acting insulin dose is only valid for the person for whom the Application has been personalised.
4.4 If you experience any signs or symptoms of hypoglycemia you must take the actions recommended to you by your diabetes educator or clinician.
5. Disclaimer
5.1 Whilst every reasonable attempt has been made by the Application Provider to ensure that the calculated insulin dose is accurate, the Application cannot take account of all the many variables that impact the life of a person with diabetes and on resulting blood glucose levels. The Application Provider does not guarantee the accuracy of the results provided by the Application.
5.2 As the Application is provided free of charge to end-users, the Application is licensed “as is”. The Application Provider expressly does not warrant that the service will meet your requirements or that operation of the service will be uninterrupted or error-free, hereunder that you will have continued access to the Application or any data within the Application at any time.
6. Limitation of Liability
6.1 To the fullest extent permitted by law the Application Provider:
(i) excludes all liability in respect of loss of data, adverse health consequences, or any consequential or incidental loss that you may suffer as a result of using the Application; and
(ii) excludes all representations, warranties or terms (whether express or implied) other than those expressly set out in these terms and conditions.
6.2 The Application Provider’s total aggregate liability for all claims relating to these terms and conditions is limited to the replacement cost of the Application.
6.3 These Terms and Conditions are to be read subject to any legislation which prohibits or restricts the exclusion, restriction or modification of any implied warranties, conditions or obligations. If such legislation applies, to the extent possible, the Application Provider limits its liability in respect of any claim to, at the Application Provider’s option to:
(i) the replacement of the Application; or
(ii) the payment of the replacement cost of the Application.
7. Your Responsibilities
As a user of the
Application
you are responsible for managing access to your account and information. This means as a user, you:
Are responsible for keeping your account, and any login details secure;
Should choose a strong password;
Should not share your login details;
Should ensure that any data you choose to export or transfer from the Hedia ApS App is done so in a secure way;
Should not share your device(s) used to access your account unless you have logged out of your account as your account information may be visible to anyone who has access to your device(s).
8. Changes and updates to our Terms & Conditions
As technology and processes, as well as data protection legislation, can change over time, we have to undertake changes to this agreement from time to time.
We will inform you of changes whilst granting an appropriate advance notice period and if necessary, obtaining new consents. Either via our website (
www.hedia.com
) or other means which we find appropriate.
Any change to this agreement will be effective 30 calendar days after we have notified you of such changes.
9. Contact information
If you have any questions or comments about these Terms and Conditions, please contact us at:
Address
Hedia ApS
Emdrupvej 115A, 3. floor,
2400 Copenhagen, Denmark
Email:
support@hedia.com