Privacy Policy
Enacted on May 1, 2012
Revised on December 14, 2016
Revised on June 1, 2018
Revised on August 11, 2020
TableCheck Inc. ("
TableCheck
", "
we
", "
our
", "
us
") is dedicated to the protection of all personal information that we handle, and shall comply with all laws, regulations, and individual rights concerning personal information. We dedicate a company-wide effort to establish systems and policies to manage personal information, in accordance with the latest trends in IT technology and developments in the social and business environments.
We acquire and use personal information to the extent necessary for the development, sale, and operation of systems and services for reservation, customer management, business management, promotion, online sales, employee management, etc., intended for use in restaurants and other outlets. We shall take measures to prevent the usage of personal information beyond the scope necessary to achieve the specified legitimate purpose.
We shall comply with all applicable laws and ordinances related to the protection of personal information, as well as guidelines and other norms established by the countries in which personal information is stored and used.
We shall continuously improve our personal information security system by allocating resources consistent with the circumstances of the business in order to establish reasonable safety measures and prevent risks including leakage, loss, or damage of personal information.
We will respond promptly and faithfully to complaints and consultations concerning handling of personal information.
In response to changes in our industry, we will continuously review and improve the personal information protection management system in a timely and appropriate manner.
This policy shall be communicated to all our employees and published on our homepage, in print, etc., in a public and freely accessible manner.
Personal Information Handling Agreement
1. Collection of Personal Information
The information we collect and its purpose of use is listed as follows:
Customer and Membership* Information (*defined in “TableCheck Diner Terms of Service” 2.1)
For provisioning applicable services of the TableCheck system and related systems, and for conducting general business matters.
For providing a login account which stores your information for future reuse.
Your data, including your name, telephone number, email address, and additional profile information, will be provided to each merchant at which you make a reservation so that they may service your reservation. Moreover, your data will be copied into a separate customer profile specific to each such merchant by which they will be able to see your booking history.
Merchants may manually enter your personal information into a system we provide, e.g. when you have made a reservation via phone. In such cases, we store and use your personal information in the normal course of providing our system to the same Merchant who entered the information.
For user support, transaction auditing, customer service, and inquiry support.
To analyze user trends, including via analysis tools we provide to merchants. Such analysis includes (but is not limited to) viewing and forecasting reservation patterns, guest demographics, food ordering, revenue, cancellation rates, spending trends, etc.
Merchant Personal and Company Information
For business negotiations, correspondence, receiving orders, and contract fulfillment.
For correspondence to the inquiry of the contact person.
For conducting general business matters.
Employee Personal Information
For human resource labor management, business management, health care, and security management related to the employees of our company.
Job Applicant Personal Information
For recruiting, corresponding with, and screening job applicants.
Personal Information Obtained by Systematic Means (cookies, etc.)
IP address, browser type, device type, and language. In addition, we use user-tracking mechanisms (such as Google Analytics) to collect usage metrics related to the user's page journey.
2. Data Retention Period
In order to achieve the purposes presented in Article 1, we retain most types of information indefinitely, except where otherwise limited by applicable laws, merchant-specific policies, or when deletion has been requested.
3. Consignment of Personal Information
The Company may, within the scope of this policy and subject to applicable laws and regulations, consign all or part of your personal information to a third-party service, provided that such service has enacted adequate data protection measures.
4. Security and International Data Transfer
We are committed to handing your personal information in accordance with high-security standards and in compliance with applicable law. We undertake extensive measures prevent unauthorized access or unauthorized disclosure of your information, to maintain the accuracy of such information and, when necessary, to ensure its proper destruction. When collecting or transferring your personal information, we employ data encryption technology and restrict access only to those persons who require it to fulfil their job responsibilities. We conduct periodic reviews of our practices to ensure that our safeguards are properly implemented and remain state-of-the-art.
Due to the global nature of our business, the information that we collect from you may be transferred to countries whose data protection laws may vary in content and scope from the laws of the country where you reside. When we transfer personal information across borders, we apply the aforementioned protective measures uniformly across all countries and regions in which we operate.
5. Optionality of Providing Personal Information
You are solely responsible for your decision to provide personal information to the Company. If you elect not to provide your personal information, we may be unable to provide our service to you, in whole or in part, and shall bear no responsibility for deficiencies or usability limitations which may arise.
6. Requests for Personal Information Disclosure
You may view and edit your stored personal information by logging into the system. In response to requests made by you or your representative regarding personal information held by our Company which is subject to disclosure, including notification of purpose, disclosure, correction, addition or deletion, suspension of use, erasure, and suspension of provision to third parties, ("
Requests for Disclosure
"), we shall respond in the following manner within 30 days:
Notice Regarding Personal Information Disclosure
For the purposes of this agreement, "China" shall refer to the People's Republic of China excluding Hong Kong, Macau, and Taiwan.
Name of Business
(when using the system outside China)
TableCheck Inc.
(when using the system in China)
The Company in China designated by TableCheck Inc.
Personal Information Administrator
Title: Data Protection Officer
Contact:
dpo@tablecheck.com
Purpose and Usage of Disclosed Personal Information
Listed in Article 1
Contact Address
(when using the system outside China)
TableCheck Inc. c/o Data Protection Officer
KR GinzaⅡ5F, 2-15-2 Ginza, Chuo-ku, Tokyo, Japan 104-0061
dpo@tablecheck.com
(when using the system in China)
The Company in China designated by TableCheck Inc.
Authorized Personal Information Protection Organization
Name of Organization: JIPDEC (Nihon Jouhou Keizai Shakai Suishin Kyoukai)
Direct complaints to: Protection of Personal Information Complaints Office
Address: Roppongi First Building, 1-9-9 Roppongi, Minato-ku, Tokyo, 106-0032
Phone: +81 (0)3-5860-7565, +81 (0)120-700-779
Procedure for Requests for Disclosure
Contact destination: Please contact the Personal Information Administrator listed above.
Procedure concerning request for disclosure, etc.
After receiving your request, we will mail you the appropriate request form: · For purpose of use: "Request for Notification of Personal Information Usage" · For disclosure: "Request for Personal Information Disclosure" · For correction, addition or deletion, suspension of use, erasure, and suspension of provision to third parties: "Request for Personal Information Amendment or Suspension of Use, etc."
Please mail to the contract address listed above the completed request form, together with the required identity verication documents of the principal and of the representative (in the cases where the request was made by a representative), and postal money order (for purpose of use and disclosure requests)
After receipt of the above request, in order to verify the identity of the principal, a Company representative will contact the principal and confirm at least two points (e.g. telephone number and date of birth, etc.)
In principle, the response will be made in writing (sealed letter mail) to the principal.
If the person who submitted the request is not the individual whose personal information is requested (i.e., a representative, etc.), please also submit the following information:
Documents required for identity verification of representative: (In cases where the principal has delegated request for disclosure) · Power of Attorney (original) (If the representative is the legal representative of a minor) · Family Registration Certificate (one copy) · Certificate of Residence (one copy with the relationship inscribed) · Other documents that can conform the legal representation right. (If the representative is the statutory agent of an adult ward) · Certificate Guardianship Registration (one copy) · Other public documents that can confirm the right of legal representation (one copy)
Documents required for identity verification of principal: · Driver's License · Passport · Health Insurance Card · Certificate of Residence · Residence Identification Card
Handling fee for purpose of use and disclosure requests: 1000 Japanese yen per request (via postal money order)
7. Amendment of the Privacy Policy
From time to time, in order to comply with changes in applicable laws or for legitimate business purposes, we may make changes to this Policy. Any changes we make will be displayed on this page.
We use cookies to personalize content, to analyze our traffic, and improve your experience on our website.
Read the Privacy Policy
I accept
No, thanks
Contact us
Do you want to learn more about our platform? Contact us and we can set up a demo.
For diners with reservation, booking, amendment, or cancellation inquiries,
please reach out to the respective restaurant directly
or visit this
page
.
First Name
*
Last Name
*
Company
Country
Your Email
*
Your Phone
*
What best describes you?
*
---
I am planning to open a restaurant
I own a restaurant
I work at a restaurant
I am a diner
Other
How did you hear about us?
*
---
Social Media
Search Engines
Referral
Blog/Article
Events
Other
Website
Additional comments
I agree to the
privacy policy
.
*
Get in touch with us
Thank you for contacting us.
Our team members will reach out to you shortly.
Sorry, there was an error.
Please try again later.