Home
Return Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Welcome to the Photobook Worldwide’s website (herein referred to as “Site”) provided by Photobook Worldwide (herein referred to as "Photobook Worldwide", “PBWW”, “we”, “us”, “our”, and their affiliates).
This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, store, process and share any personal information you provide to us when you use our service on the website. We are strongly committed to protecting your privacy, which includes the privacy of your digital photographs.
By browsing and using our service, you fully understood and agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
1. What type of personal information we collect from you?
The personal information you provide to us is reasonably necessary for our business functions and activities.
The types of personal information we collect include:
Name
Email address(es)
Billing and delivery address(es)
Date of birth
Gender
Phone number(s)
Purchase information
Account password and login details
Your interest(s)
BCard Membership Number
Details of your interactions with our Customer Support team
IP Address
Website / browsing history, including geographical location, length of visit and number of viewed pages
Cookie information (please see our Cookie Policy)
2. When do we collect personal information from you?
When we collect your personal data, we make a record of it. However, we will only collect the information if you willingly provide it when you:
download our free Photobook Designer.
purchase products or vouchers through our website and mobile app.
register for an account on our website and mobile app.
subscribe to our newsletters.
enter our surveys, sweepstakes and/or contests.
engage with us on social media.
3. How do we use your personal information?
Depending on the type of information given, we may use your personal data in a number of ways such as:
verifying your identity when you login your account;
making our products and services available to you from ordering to delivery;
enhancing the content on our website based on your personal preferences;
improving our products and services to tailor your shopping experience;
ensuring our website is presented in the most effective manner for you and your device(s);
providing you with marketing materials via email and push notifications;
showing you advertisements on social media platforms and across websites;
allowing easy interactions between you and our team;
protecting our rights or property (or those of others);
enabling us to comply with any legal or regulatory requirements and in the detection and prevention of theft, fraud or other crimes.
Photobook Worldwide reserves the right to disclose any relevant personal data under its sole discretion, with or without a warrant or court order from any and all global law enforcement agencies, if we believe that the disclosure is necessary to protect ourselves, or our business in certain situations such as, but not limited to, (a) are in violation of the Terms of Service governing this site; (b) have engaged, or are alleged to have engaged in any activity purporting to infringe upon the intellectual property rights of another; or (c) have engaged, or are alleged to have engaged in any other illegal conduct or activity. Photobook Worldwide also reserves the right to report any suspected illegal activity to such entities for investigation and prosecution.
4. Who do we share your personal information with?
Besides collecting your personal data from your direct dealings with us, we may also collect or share the information with our trusted third-party service providers to:
fulfil orders of products such as payment and delivery;
prevent fraud, by ensuring your financial information is safe and not being used wrongfully;
give you a better customer experience, by displaying relevant content and advertisements for you across websites.
We will not share, sell, rent, swap or authorize any third party to use your e-mail address for commercial purposes without your consent.
5. Security of your personal information
Photobook Worldwide have engaged into a variety of industry-standard security technologies, procedures and processes and is committed to protecting the security of your Personal Information.
When sensitive information (login data, credit card number, expiration date) is provided, encryption is performed using secure socket layer (SSL) technology. We do not store any credit card information. Though Photobook Worldwide undertakes the necessary steps to safeguard your Personal Information, do note that Photobook Worldwide cannot fully eliminate all security risks, and is not liable for any losses that may results from unauthorized use of your credit card by any other third party.
6. Software license & updates
Photobook Designer is a royalty-free and non-exclusive Software provided by Photobook Worldwide that allows customers to personally create and design professional photo products.
Any updates, design and templates will also be considered as part of the Software. This Software is a non-transferable internal use license under the copyright to use, display, execute and perform for the sole purpose of creating photo products for production by Photobook Worldwide.
7. Photo product content
Upon uploading your project, you hereby acknowledge that the Content of the photo product conforms to the rules and regulations as stated in our
Terms of Service
. Photobook Worldwide and all its subsidiaries reserve the right to refuse printing of any project that contains Content that breaches any of the agreements and privacy policies of the company.
We will not print or publish any photo product or its contents unless authorization is given by the project design owner or author. It is your responsibility to alert Photobook Worldwide and all its subsidiaries if your project contains any explicit or sensitive content such as nudity and or profanity in order for special arrangements to be made when handling and producing your photo product.
Once permission has been granted to Photobook Worldwide for usage of the photo product and its contents, Photobook Worldwide and all its subsidiaries reserve the right to use your photo book design, or any part thereof for marketing and promotional purposes, of which only books submitted successfully uploaded and ready to print using the Photobook Designer software will be accepted.
We are not responsible for consumer-generated mistakes, such as but not limited to, spelling and spacing errors, alignment, lines and border issues, missing or incomplete files, or missing or incomplete images, once the file has been successfully uploaded into the system. We suggest customers to thoroughly check their proofs before uploading their books as we do not accept any amendments or changes once the file is uploaded.
8. Order submission
Note that content cannot be modified, changed or revised once your product design order has been uploaded onto the website. Photobook Worldwide has no obligation to review the Content that you have submitted and hence you hereby agree that your project has gone through the necessary proofs and checks until fully satisfied, and that it is ready to be published.
You agree and understand that your project file is free from any computer viruses, worms or any software intended to harm, damage or alter a computer system or data before uploading it to our website.
You further acknowledge that Photobook Worldwide is not required to keep electronic files of your photo product or maintain an archival copy of the printed product. Photobook Worldwide has no ownership in any of your content.
9. Changing your preferences
If you feel you have received an e-mail from us in error, please write to us at
support-ww@photobookworldwide.com
. At any time, if you no longer wish to receive a specific form of email, follow the "Unsubscribe" instructions located near the bottom of each email.
Photobook Worldwide does its best to ensure accuracy on its marketing materials sent out. Should there be any discrepancies or inaccuracies, changes will be made at our sole discretion and Photobook Worldwide is not liable to honor any of the discrepancies in prices or discount promotions.
10. Copyright
If you find that your photo product design has been copied or used in any manner that constitutes copyright infringement, please contact us immediately.
Please view our Copyright for additional details and instructions. We will investigate and undertake the necessary measures upon obtaining all the required information for verification and authentication.
In order to ensure the security of your information, Photobook Worldwide will periodically review this Privacy Policy and reserve the right at our sole discretion to update, revise or make modifications to the said policy from time to time. The date of this modification will be reflect at the top right of this page.
11. Changes to this Policy
We may change this Privacy Policy now and then to keep you updated on how we are processing your personal information. We encourage you to regularly check this policy to ensure you are aware of the most updated version.
12. Contact details and location
If you have a question regarding our Privacy Policy, or have questions that are not answered, please write to us. Click
here
for address details.
Disclaimer
Copyright
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy