Timeless | Meditation
A meditation app made by meditators, for meditators.
Install Now
Get started with Timeless
to learn to meditate, deepen your practice, and make daily meditation a normal part of life.
Learn real techniques.
Learn to meditate with expert instructors.
Meditate everyday.
Track personal progress and build a habit of being present.
Real meditators.
Timeless's instruction is authentic, coming from actual meditation practitioners.
Install Now
Timelessness
is that state of being in which the past and future merge in the present moment. It is the space of the infinite, realized right here, right now, with the practice of meditation. In the Yoga tradition, one of the most effective techniques revolves around drawing one's prâna, or chi, into Sushumnâ Nâdî – the pillar of life-energy that runs from the base of the spine to the crown of the head. Sushumnâ Nâdî, sacred to many spiritual traditions, is often referred to as, 'The Destroyer of Time,' for when one's meditation deepens, the past and the future dissolve, leaving only the present moment, which has no bounds or limitations.
Contact us
for help with Timeless. If you have suggestions for how to improve Timeless, get in touch.
Contact
View terms + privacy
here
.
Privacy
We do not collect any personal information with the following exceptions:
1) Client communication records may be retained to ensure quality.
2) Third-party entities we have entered agreement with may collect the following data:
Social media profile information; account login information; user statistics such as app or web engagement; payment information; personal identification; relevant information for social platform sharing; friends lists; other personal information including birthdate, location, or IP address; advertising profiles; spending trends; and other information. The exception is health-related data, which we never share with third parties (read more under 'About HealthKit').
The information collected by third parties does not get stored by us - we immediately discard any and all information with the sole exception of non-identifiable usage statistics.
We have limited control over how third-party entities handle user data. However they are subject to the same laws and regulations, and make clear their own behavior within their privacy policies. Please refer to these third-party entities’ privacy policies.
Potential handling of user data by third parties may include: enabling functionality, processing payments and completing transactions, verifying identities, more accurately serving advertisements, tracking usage statistics, improving services, and more.
Some of the user data collected by third parties through our apps and/or services can be excluded by not using the respective login/permissions options. Other information (such as usage statistics and trends) will be gathered simply by using these apps and/or services.
At time of writing, third parties collecting user data through our apps or other services include: Facebook, Weebly, the iTunes Affiliate Network, and Apple.
About HealthKit:
Apple iOS users may opt-in to allow Mindful Minutes tracking. This information is used to provide health services and to display health data in Apple’s Health app. This information is never shared with third parties or used for marketing purposes.
We may occasionally update this privacy policy. When we do, we will post these changes on this web page, so check back in to stay informed.
We can be reached at the following:
Timeless
Tetonia, ID
––
Terms
All guided meditation sessions and courses delivered via our mobile app or website are owned by Timeless. Reproducing or redistributing any of this material without the permission of Timeless is against the law and will be subject to criminal prosecution and/or fines and litigation. If you have a use-case that you would like us to consider, don't hesitate to get in touch. We will happily review your proposal.
Payments made via iOS mobile app will be charged to iTunes account upon confirmation of purchase. Subscriptions automatically renew within 24 hours prior to the end of the current period at the same cost of the original subscription period unless otherwise noted. Subscriptions may be managed by the user and auto-renewal may be inactivated by going to the user's account settings. Any unused portions of free-trials may be invalidated in event of purchase.
Use of the Timeless services takes place at the sole discretion of the individual user or supervising guardian. Timeless assumes zero responsibility in any health-related problems arising from proper or improper use of the Timeless services. While certain Timeless services may be effective as healing modalities, always consult with medical experts or licensed clinical professionals when working with serious disorders or health concerns.
We can be reached at the following:
Timeless
Tetonia, ID
March 2, 2017