Privacy Policy
This privacy policy governs your use of the software application ("TopMetSat App") for mobile devices that was published by TopMeteo Aviation Weather GmbH. The Application offers access to TopMeteo satellite, radar and lightning images.
Publisher
TopMeteo Aviation Weather GmbH
Hauptstrasse 4
14806 Planetal OT Locktow
Germany
Privacy Policy - in short words!
We do not share your personal information with others.
What information does the Application obtain and how is it used?
User Provided Information
The Application obtains the information you provide when you download and use the Application. When you purchase a subscription, we collect transaction-related information. When you contact us for help, we collect the infomation you share with us.
Automatically Collected Information
In addition, the Application may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile devices unique device ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browsers you use, and information about the way you use the Application.
Does the Application collect precise real time location information of the device?
When you use the application, we may use GPS technology to determine your current location in order to display your current position on the maps. We will not share your current location with other users or partners. If you disable your GPS, we do not collect your position data.
Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application?
No.
What are my opt-out rights?
You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling the Application.
Data Retention Policy, Managing Your Information
We will retain User Provided data for as long as you use the Application and for a reasonable time thereafter.
Security
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Application. Please be aware that, although we endeavor provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
Contact
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at info@topmeteo.eu .