Home
How It Works
Blog
Parents
Everyday Worries
Tips for Parents
Evidence
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Terms & conditions of use
This app has been designed to help you understand and manage things that can make you anxious. By downloading the app you agree to the terms and conditions set out in this document which will bind you.
The app should only be installed on a device that uses an operating system which is approved by your phone’s manufacturer. You should also ensure that if you are not the owner of the device you intend to use this app on, you have obtained permission from the owner of the phone. If you use the app, we shall assume you have the appropriate permission.
What information does Chill Panda collect and use?
All of the information that you enter yourself is visible in the app. We cannot see this information, and we do not collect it.
As you use the app, we do collect some analytical data on certain things about your usage. This information is completely anonymous. This anonymised data includes information on your device type and model; OS version; and information on how you use Chill Panda including session length and frequency of use across the app. No personal data, text, or audio is recorded. We have no plans to sell any of the noted data.
This information is used by Onteca – the makers of Chill Panda – for internal testing and research purposes to improve Chill Panda.
What happens to my information?
Any information you put into the app is only stored on your device.
What Chill Panda doesn’t do:
– Recommend or advise you to do or change anything relating to your health.
– Spot health problems or make calculations based on the information you enter.
– Provide a communications channel with anyone in the case of a crisis.
– Send anyone an alerts or alarms. So, do not rely on it to inform anyone if you’re not feeling well.
What if I decide I don’t want to use the app anymore?
You are free to stop using Chill Panda at anytime.
What if I don’t want my data to be stored on my phone?
The data you enter into Chill Panda is owned by you. You are able to delete your data from your phone at any time, but this will mean you will no longer be able to use that data. If you choose to delete your data – and have not shared or exported any data – you will lose access to any entries you have created.
We cannot be held accountable for any loss of data if you choose to delete the app.
What happens to my information after I stop using the app?
Your information (including any personal details) will be stored on your device until you delete that information or delete the app.
What if I have questions or concerns about how the app is using my information?
You can contact us at admin@onteca.com
Your use of the app
You agree that the app is for domestic and private use only and you will not use the app for any commercial, business or resale purposes.
You also agree that when using the app you will comply with all applicable laws and these terms. In particular, but without limitation, you will not use the app in any way which does or may be contrary to any applicable law. Neither will you attempt to use the app for any purpose which is not its intended purpose.
You must not:
Make copies of the app, alter, modify disassemble, reverse-engineer or create any derivative works based on the app or any part of it; infringe any rights in relation to copyright and/or trademarks; not collect or harvest any information from any service or our systems or attempt to decipher any transmissions to or from the app.
Liability
The app is provided on an “as is” basis for domestic and private use. Your use of the app is at your own risk. To the maximum extent permitted by law, we:
Disclaims all liability whatsoever, whether arising in contract, tort (including negligence) or otherwise in relation to the app; and
All implied warranties, terms and conditions relating to the app (whether implied by statute, common law or otherwise), as between us and you, are hereby excluded
In particular, we accept no responsibility for:
A. any technical failure of the internet and/or the app resulting in you being unable to use the app as intended or at all; or
B. any damage or injury to you or your equipment as a result of or relating to your use of the app; or
C. your information stored within the app becoming lost, stolen, intercepted or corrupted.
We do not accept liability for any loss or damage caused by using this app whether foreseen or otherwise, including but not limited to these types of loss or damage:
A. losses incurred before use of this app;
B. business losses;
C. loss resulting from your failure to adhere to these terms; and/or
D. those caused by a third party.
Your statutory rights are not affected.
Other useful Information
Chill Panda has been designed for and is intended to be used only by people who live in England and any dispute relating to Chill Panda or your use of it shall be governed in accordance with the laws of England and the exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of England and Wales.
We reserve the right to update these terms from time to time to reflect changes in the law, or changes to the app as a result of new functionality. We also reserve the right to withdraw the app at any time and without notice.
All rights are reserved in relation to any copyright or trademark material contained in or available through Chill Panda including, but not limited to text, music, sound, photographs, graphics and video, source code, and other material (the “Material”). You must not copy, publish, store, transmit, commercially exploit, or use the Material in any way without our prior written consent.
We may transfer our rights and obligations under these terms to another organization at any time but this shall not affect your rights and obligations.
online casino malaysia
online casino singapore