Privacy Policy
Last updated: March 12, 2023
Eurolandcom AB (“
Euroland
”, “
we
”, “
our
” or “
us
”), including our affiliates are committed to protecting your privacy. This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) applies to both our Website (
www.euroland.com
) and all our IR services (including but not limited to Subscription Center, Financial Calendar, Email Share Alerts) embedded by our Customers on their webpages, including our mobile applications service hosted on third-party app stores (MyIRApp) owned and controlled by Euroland (collectively called “
Services
”). Some Services like Subscription Center, Financial Calendar, Email Share Alerts require collection of personal data to provide email alerts to you based on your subscription preferences (defined “
Subscription Services
”).
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We periodically update this Privacy Policy. We will post any privacy policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice by sending you an email notification, and where required by law, we will obtain your consent or give you the opportunity to opt out of such changes.
What is personal data?
Personal data is all kind of information directly or indirectly identifying a physical person being alive. e.g. name, email, address, phone number, log data, encrypted data and any other types of electronic ID’s is personal data in the event they can be connected to a physical person being alive.
What is processing of personal data?
Processing of personal data is every action that is taken in relation to personal data. It covers all types of actions either manual or automated way. Collection, registration, organization, structuring, storing, transfer and deletion of personal data are some examples of our processing.
Does this Privacy Policy cover all our processing activities?
No, it only concerns the processing of personal data for which we are the
Data Controller
– in other words, where we decide the
purposes
(why the personal data is collected) and
means
(which personal data is collected, for how long it is stored, etc.) of the processing.
In certain cases, Euroland acts as the
Data Processor
- meaning, where we process data on our Customer’s behalf and following their instructions of collecting personal data and deciding the purpose for the processing of such personal data. Only the
purposes
and
means
of processing is decided by the Customer. In such cases, Euroland has a
Data Processing Agreement
in place with the customer and adheres to their instructions for data processing.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, our cookie policy, data transfer policy and your data security will NOT change in either cases - Euroland as a Data Processor or as a Data Controller.
The information we collect
When you visit our Services
You are free to explore and use all our Services without providing any Personal Information about yourself. However, the following data are automatically collected by your internet browser and transmitted to our servers:
Date and time of access
Browser type
URL of the page you visited
Your IP Address
These data are stored in Euroland server log files for 12 months.
When you use our Services
When you register for Subscription Services, we request that you provide Personal Information about yourself (for providing you alerts based on your preference), stated below.
First Name
Last Name
Company Name
E-mail address
Profession
Phone number
Physical Business Address
Subscription choices (Message types, share price alert figures, etc.)
When you receive email alerts through our Subscription Services, click and read them, we collect information about your (limited to) geographic location, time of view, frequency, clicks on content including attachments. This information is necessary for the operation of all our Subscription Services and provide analytics to our Customers. This collected information is ONLY used for presentation in the form of aggregated analytics and statistics and not identifiable to individual personal data.
How we use the information we collect
The processing of Information transmitted by Internet browser is carried out on the legal basis of Article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR. The data collected during the visit of our website including your IP address are stored in order to ensure the operation of the website and to be able to react to problems. A personal evaluation of the data does not take place. The collected data is used for detecting and preventing illegal activities and to protect the rights and interests of Euroland IR, Euroland IR’s users, third parties and the public.
Consistent with the permissions you give us to collect the information, we may use the information we collect, including your personal information:
To send you email notifications and reminders on Customer’s upcoming Investor Relations events as per your preference
To send you alerts of Customer’s news releases and company announcements by email
To send you alerts on significant changes in Customer’s share price, trading volume, stop loss or price targets
To send you Customer’s end of day trading data by email
To compare Customer’s share data with that of your preferred companies’ data via features called watchlist/indices on our service MyIRApp and
as otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy
Transfer of information
All information collected within the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and Switzerland is encrypted and remains within the European Union (EU). We transfer, process and store encrypted user data on servers located in EU and Sub-processors (cloud services providers) within their EU instances. Euroland will process your information as described in this Privacy Policy.
Your preferences
All our Subscription Services provide you with options to configure your alerts exactly as you want it. You can manage all your preferences from modification URLs sent along with the alerts. You can also unsubscribe at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in the alerts you receive from us.
If you have questions about your privacy on the Service, this Privacy Policy, or information we have about you, please contact us at
gdpr@euroland.com
. You can also contact our privacy representative by sending a letter to Euroland IR, Kronhusgatan 2D, 41113 Gothenburg, Sweden, Attn: Data Privacy. We will respond to your request within 30-day period upon verification of your identity in accordance with local laws. We highly recommend you include documents that prove your identity and a clear and precise description of the question.
Children’s Privacy
Our Services do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13 (or under the age of 14 for anyone living in Spain or South Korea), or knowingly allow such persons to register. If Euroland become aware that we have collected personal information from a child under the relevant age without parental consent, we take steps to delete that information. If you are a parent of a child under the Age Limit and become aware that your child has provided personal information to Euroland, please contact us at
gdpr@euroland.com
and you may request exercise of your applicable access, rectification, cancellation, and/or objection rights.
Cookies and Similar Technologies
We use cookies and other similar technologies like Local Storage for efficient query and retrieval of the stock data. User data are only temporarily stored in a user's web browser and are deleted when the session ends. No data is sent to, collected or stored on our servers. We classify our cookies as Strictly Necessary Cookies and Performance Cookies (Microsoft Clarity). To find out more about how we use cookies on our Websites and our Services please see our
Cookie Policy
.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our treatment of the information you provide us, please contact -
Name and Address of the Processor
Eurolandcom AB
under tradename
Euroland IR,
Attn: Data Privacy.
Address: Kronhusgatan 2D, 411 13 Gothenburg, Sweden
Company number: 556576-2639
Email:
gdpr@euroland.com
Phone: +46 3110 5600
Website:
www.euroland.com
Data Protection Officer
We have appointed a data protection officer (DPO) who can be contacted with any privacy related issues.
Email:
gdpo@euroland.com
or by post at the above company address
Name and Address of the Lead Supervisory Authority
The Lead Supervisory Authority overseeing the Controller is:
Datainspektionen
Address: Drottninggatan 29, 5th floor, Stockholm
Email:
datainspektionen@datainspektionen.se
Phone: +46 8 6576100
Website:
www.datainspektionen.se