If you have any questions about this game, you can contact us using the information below.
Zeng Gang
CN
146557@qq.com
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who care about their
“
personally identifiable information
”
（
PII
）How to provide services to people online. As described in U.S. privacy laws and information security，
PII
is information that can be used alone or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual within context. Please read our Privacy Policy carefully to understand how we collect, use, protect or otherwise process your personally identifiable information in accordance with our website。
What personal information do we collect from people who visit our blog, website or app?
When ordering or registering on our site, you may be asked to enter your name or other details, if required, to help you with your experience。
When is the information collected?
We collect information from you when you fill in a form or enter information on our site。
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the Internet, or use certain other site features as follows.：
•
Personalize your experience so we can deliver the types of content and products that interest you most。
How we protect your information？
We do not use vulnerability scanning and
/
or scan to
PCI
standard。
We only provide articles and information. we never ask for credit card numbers。
we use regular malware scanning。
We don't use
SSL
Certificate
•
we do not need
SSL
，because：
we only collect player names
Do we use
“cookies”
？
We don't use
Cookie
track
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a
cookie
is sent, or you can choose to turn off all
Cookie
。You can do this through your browser settings. Since browsers vary, please check your browser's
“
help
”
menu，to learn the correct way to modify
Cookie
。
If you close
Cookie
，Some features will be disabled. To make your website experience more efficient, it may not function properly。
However, you can still place an order。
Third Party Disclosure
We do not sell, trade or otherwise transfer your personally identifiable information to outside parties。
Third party links
We do not include or offer third-party products or services on our website。
Google
Google
's advertising principles can summarize
Google
’s advertising requirements. Provide users with a positive experience。
https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en
We haven't enabled
Google AdSense
on our site yet，But we might do that in the future。
California Online Privacy Protection Act
CalOPPA
is the first national law in the country to require commercial websites and online services to post privacy policies. The law's scope extends far beyond California, requiring anyone in the United States (or conceivably the world) who operates a website that collects personally identifiable information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on their website that describes the information and individuals being collected or associated with them. shared company。
-
More information：
http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf
According to
CalOPPA
，we agree to the following points：
Users can visit our website anonymously。
Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to our home page, or at least one link to the first significant page after entering our website。
Our privacy policy link contains the word
“
privacy
”
and can be easily found on the page specified above。
You will be notified of any privacy policy changes：
•
on our privacy policy page
Can change your personal information：
•
Email us
How our website handles Do Not Track signals？
When non-compliance with（
DNT
）browser mechanisms are in place, we guarantee do-not-track signals, do-not-track, implants
cookies
or use ads。
Whether our website allows third-party behavioral tracking？
It is also important to note that we do not allow third-party behavioral tracking
COPPA
（Children's Online Privacy Protection Act）
When collecting personal data from children under
13
，
“
Children's Online Privacy Protection Act
”
（
COPPA
）Keep parents in check. Enforced by the Federal Trade Commission, the U.S. consumer protection agency
“COPPA
rule
”
，It stipulates that operators of websites and online services must protect children's privacy and safety online。
We do not market specifically to children under the age of
13
。