Privacy Policy
Last updated: 22nd May 2023
M4 Digital Pty Ltd (“The Company”, “us”, “we”, or “our”) operates the https://tippd.co website and the Tippd – Last Man Standing mobile application (“Service”).
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of the Service.
We use your Personal Information only for providing and improving the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
Information Collection And Use
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to your name, email address (“Personal Information”).
Log Data
Like many site operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service (“Log Data”).
This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.
In addition, we may use third party services such as Google Analytics that collect, monitor and analyze this data.
Communications
We may use your Personal Information to contact you with push notifications, newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information. You may choose to opt out at any time and you can control your communication preferences in the profile section of the application.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier.
Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer’s hard drive.
Like many sites, we use “cookies” to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of 1st January 2017 and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page.
We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Service after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.
If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you either through the email address you have provided us, or by placing a prominent notice on our website.
Your Rights
Under applicable law, you have the following rights:
Access to your information
: You have the right to request a copy of the personal information we hold about you.
Correcting your information
: We want to have accurate personal information about you. Please contact us if you think the personal information we hold is not up to date or correct and we will correct it for you.
Deletion of your information
: You have the right to ask us to delete personal information about you if it no longer is required for the purpose it was collected, you have withdrawn your consent, you have a valid objection to us using your personal information, or our use of your personal information is contrary to law or our other legal obligations.
Objecting to how we may use your information
: You have the right at any time to require us to stop using your personal information for direct marketing purposes. In addition, where we use your personal information on legitimate interest grounds then, if you ask us to, we will stop using that personal information unless there are overriding legitimate grounds to continue.
Restricting how we may use your information
: In some cases, you may ask us to restrict how we use your personal information. This right might apply, for example, where we are checking the accuracy of personal information about you that we hold or assessing the validity of any objection you have made to our use of your information. The right might also apply where there is no longer a basis for using your personal information but you don’t want us to delete the information. Where this right to validly exercised, we may only use the relevant personal information with your consent, for legal claims or where there are other public interest grounds to do so.
Automated processing
: If we use your personal information on an automated basis to make decisions that significantly affect you, you have the right to ask that the decision be reviewed by an individual to whom you may make representations and contest the decision. This right only applies where we use your information with your consent or as part of a contractual relationship with you.
Withdrawing consent using your personal information
: Where we use your personal information with your consent you may withdraw that consent at any time and we will stop using your personal information for the purpose(s) for which consent was given. Note, however, that this will not affect any processing that has already taken place.
Please contact us if you wish to exercise any of these rights at
info@tippd.co
Complaints
We always want to resolve directly all complaints about how we handle personal information, you can find our  contact details above.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.