RESPONSIVE DESIGN
SOCIAL MEDIA 3D
Qualité garantie
WHO WE ARE
Through years of innovation and exploration in the digital medium, we’ve held on to what we feel is important – creative freedom, quality of work and curiosity – always with our feet on the ground and in high spirits. We like to see ourselves as a small, flexible, fast-moving team with big ideas. We have friends and partners all over the world to help us make those ideas come alive.
Nos Métiers
We provide a total range of web services and high-end website development. We specialize in custom web programming, whether a simple web page, an e-commerce site, a Content Management System (CMS) or even the most complex interactive platform, our work is state of the art, search engine friendly WEB 2.0 design, utilizing the latest techniques in Search Engine Optimization (SEO).
01
INCURION TOWER DEFENSE GAME
Incursion TD: Defend Mother Earth Against An Alien Invasion
As the last hope of the planet, You have been called to the space station to defend Earth against the Alien invasion.Use your tactical skills and wisdom to build your fortress space station any way you wish, set up wide variety of weapons and traps and let the invasions begin!
02
UNESCO VIETNAM
Design information website of UNESCO Vietnam
UNESCO Vietnam is a member of  World Federation of UNESCO Clubs, Centres and Associations consisting of thousands of participants. TGMedia was responsible for designing and creating its information website, which is used to upload activities of  both  Fedreation Vietnam and other members.
03
TVPlus
Design TVPlus’s  website
TVPlus is the third-popular media company.Its reputation was built by producing some programs like "Secret Code", "Masterchef Vietnam", "Beautiful Living" and many movie on VTV, HTV, SCTV
04
Style Television
Design StyleTV’s  website
StyleTV is a TV channel with hundreds of different programs. TGMedia has established a video portal, which provides video-on-demand, as well as created interactive tools between this TV channel and its viewers.
05
POST PRODUCTION SYSTEM
Build solutions and improve film producing and storing system
In the past 5 years, StyleTV has been able to stored all the broadcast programs with total size increase over hundreds Terabyte,TGMedia has taken part in creating the storing system  Backup online, offsite, film post producing system, high speed LAN System.
06
MOBILE CONTENT PROVIDER
Producing Mobile content
TGMedia has been producing Mobile content for VOD, which is used by Mobilephone, Vinaphone, Viettel.
07
LIVE BROADCASTING
Live broadcasting TV programs
TGMedia has successfully carreid out live programs and shows such as Miss Vietnam, Miss Parkson, Miss Teen, gameshow “Finding the treasure”
08
The Golden World Spa
Create website for The Golden World Spa
The Golden World Spa is located in the heart of the Old Quarter Hanoi. They offer an extensive range of beauty treatments in our conveniently located salon in Hanoi, catering for all your pampering needs.
09
PORORO KINDERGARTEN
Design PORORO KINDERGARTEN
Pororo is a high-quality kindergarten, where your kids will be loved, cared for 10 children in one Class with 3 teacher.
10
YOCREAMIE
Design Yocreamie Frozen yogurt store
Yocreamie is the first store in HaNoi to offer self-serve frozen yogurt and hot coffee. Frozen Yogurt from Yocreamie guarantees the best frozen yogurt in the market with no icy texture but a slow melting, all natural flavor.
11
NGUOI VIET HANG VIET
Creating Website for “Nguoi Viet Hang Viet” program
Related to the national program “Vietnamese use Vietnamese products”, TGMedia created a website uploading videos on popular enterprises which provide products and service “Made in VietNam”
12
IMPRESSIVE VIETNAM
Creating “Impressive Vietnam” website
“Impressive Vietnam” is one of the most important programs to introduce Vietnamse tourism to others countries.. TGMedia created its interactive website between participants, uploaded information, videos, images of each team.
13
APTES VIETNAM
Creating website of APTES Vietnam
APTES VietNam is a member of APTES Group, whose head office is situated in Australia. TGMedia was responsible for̀creating website to introduce its products. This website with thousands of products shown has atrracted millions of  login members, making profit fot APTES
14
LADYBELLEZA
Creating wholesale website Ladybelleza
Ladybelleza is a manufacturer in clothing industry, which produces a large amount of clothes for Russia and other countries. TGMedia was the creator of a multifunctional wholesale website for BtoB transactions.
15
BHT AUSTRALIA
DESIGN website for HBT Construction
HBT construct multi-unit residential blocks, industrial units and warehouses, retail and commercial, educational, duplexes and townhouses. Whether the project is construction only, or full design and construct, we have the skills and expertise to deliver Quality on Time
16
EMS Technologies
Design website for EMS Technologies Viet Nam
Advanced Protective Technology for Engineering Structures
17
THANG LONG MULTIMEDIA
Design Website for THANG LONG MULTIMEDIA
We are one of the leading digital marketing services agency with experience and proven capabilities across media, creative, technology and brand activation domains.
Nos TGMedia
HTML5 - JQUERY - JAVA - FLASH - RESPONSIVE - FACEBOOK - E-COMMERCE ...
development
Apps,  Game Development for IOS , Android Using the Cocos2d, Box2D, Chipmunk physics Frameworks
3
2
1
MOBILE
Applications for mobile sites, location-based tools to responsive design, we create the content for your target..
Stratégie
Design to be closer to the expectations of the user, between innovation and ease of use, for effective brand experience.
Campagne
Banners, newsletter, skins, pre-rolls, etc ... are multiple formats, the message is unique ...
CRÉATION
Graphic design, photography, illustration, typography, all means can be a source of creation.
ILS NOUS ONT FAIT CONFIANCE
TGMedia is based on eight years of experience in web design and
digital communication. Our founders have designed and built more than  100 sites in various sectors of activity, and btob btoc.
Cong Ty TNHH TGMedia Viet Nam
16th floor TNR Building - 54A Nguyen Chi Thanh, Hanoi, Viet Nam
truonggiang@tgmedia.vn
+ 84 983 993 998 , +84 346 837 598