1. PRIVACY POLICY
By using MyTV, the
User consents to the collection, use, and storage of User information by MyTV in the manner described in this Privacy Policy and elsewhere on
the MyTV. This Privacy Policy applies only to information MyTV .
This
Privacy Policy details important information regarding the use and disclosure
of User information collected on the MyTV to enable the User to
make an informed decision about whether to use or continue using the MyTV and the Services..
2. COLLECTION OF INFORMATION
a. Types of Information MyTV Collects:
When you access MyTV,

When you access MyTV, we may collect personally identifiable information from you
 when you voluntarily submit this information to us. 
 Example of personally identifiable information is your device IMEI and Phone number,
 we are using both (IMEI & Phone number) information to create a unique user profile . 
 We may also collect other information when you access MyTV. 
 "Other Information"is any information that does not reveal your specific identity or does not directly relate to an individual. 
 Other Information may include the type of device you are using, your IP address, your operating system,
 the type of Internet browser that you use,
 usage information, diagnostic information and other data that allow us to improve our applications and serve you better, 
 demographic information and other information provided by you, and aggregated information. 
 
The information gathered by MyTV may also include information gathered on usage patterns and preferences as the User navigates through MyTV.
 An agent or affiliate of MyTV may, at times and on being so authorized, collect information on behalf of MyTV.
 Third party providers featured on or linked to by the MyTV,
 such as vendors of products and services offered through MyTV,
 may be gathering the same kinds of information.
The information gathered by MyTV may also include information gathered on usage patterns and
preferences as the User navigates through MyTV. An agent or
affiliate of MyTV may, at times and on being so authorized,
collect information on behalf of MyTV. Third party providers
featured on or linked to by the MyTV, such as vendors of
products and services offered through MyTV, may be gathering
the same kinds of information.
b. Cookies:
To enable MyTV to
make it more responsive to the needs of the Users, MyTV may use
a standard feature of browser software called a "cookie," to assign each
visitor a unique, random number, a type of user ID that may reside on the Users
computer. The cookie doesnot actually identify the User but identifies only the
computer that is used to access the site. Advertisers and other third parties
that provide products or services through the MyTV site may
also assign their own cookies to the Users browser and such process is beyond MyTV is control. MyTV may use both session cookies
(which are temporary and disappear after the User closes the browser) and
persistent cookies (which remain after the User closes the browser and which
may be used by the Users browser on subsequent visits to the site). The User
may reset the web browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is
being sent. However, some features of the MyTV sites may not
function properly if the ability to accept cookies is disabled.
c. Other Methods:
The MyTV pages may
contain electronic images (called "single-pixel GIFs" or "web beacons") that
allow MyTV and its affiliates to count users who have visited
particular pages or to access certain cookies. These tools and other technologies
to may be used to recognize which pages users visit, and which links they click
on.
d. Browser Level Information and IP Addresses:
The MyTV web servers
automatically collect limited information about the Users computer
configuration, including browser software, the operating system, the website
that referred the User, and the Users IP address browser language, platform
type, number of clicks, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed, the order of
those pages, and the amount of time spent on particular pages, the date and
time of the Users request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify
the Users browser.
e. Third Party:
MyTV does not allow any third party apps to access the services that provided by MyTV.
3. STORAGE OF INFORMATION
Any information provided by the User
to MyTV shall be stored and held under generally accepted
standards of technology and operational security in order to protect the Users
personally identifiable information from loss, misuse, alteration, or
destruction. Only authorized personnel are permitted access to the User
information and these personnel are required to treat this information as
confidential. Despite these precautions, MyTV cannot guarantee
that any and all unauthorized access to the Users information will be
prevented.
4. USAGE OF INFORMATION
MyTV uses IP address information for systems administration and troubleshooting purposes. This information is also used to deliver web pages to the User upon request; to tailor the site to the interests of the users and to measure traffic within the MyTV.
Any personally identifiable information provided by the User is used to operate, maintain, and provide the User with the features and functionality of the MyTV.
MyTV does not collect users personal information, MyTV does requiere user log in or anything about users personal information , MyTV will only requires IMEI and phone number it is only for monitoring the status of the Application and creating unique user.
MyTV uses cookie, and log file information to, provide custom and personalized content and information; monitor the effectiveness of marketing campaigns; monitor logs such as total number of visitors, pages viewed, etc.; and to track entries, submissions, and status in promotions, sweepstakes, and contests of the User.
d. Statistical Information:
Much of the information MyTV
collects is in the form of aggregated statistics, such as the traffic
that visits various pages within the Services, the habits and preferences of
the audience, etc. Such aggregated information does not include any personally
identifiable information and MyTV may use such aggregated
information .
6. SECURITY OF INFORMATION
MyTV has established
safeguards to help prevent unauthorized access to or misuse of User
information, but cannot guarantee that such information will never be disclosed
in a manner inconsistent with this Privacy Policy. To protect the Users privacy
and security.
MyTV uses
commercially reasonable physical, managerial, and technical safeguards to
preserve the integrity and security of User information. MyTV,
however, ensure or warrant the security of any information transmitted to MyTV by the User and is transmitted at the Users own risk. Once MyTV receives the transmission of information, MyTV
makes commercially reasonable efforts to ensure the security of its systems.
However, MyTV cannot guarantee that such information may not be
accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any physical, technical,
or managerial safeguards.
7. USER CHOICES
The User may decline to submit
personally identifiable information through the MyTV sites, in
which case MyTV may not be able to provide certain services. If
the User opts to register with and provide information to MyTV.
To protect the Users privacy and
security, MyTV takes reasonable steps to verify the Users
identity before granting profile access or making corrections.
8. Permissions
Telephone
: Read Phone status and identity
Other:
-have full network access
-prevent phone from sleeping
-change your audio settings
-change your display brightness settings
-receive data from Internet
9. MODIFICATIONS
MyTV may update or
revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. Please take a look at the
"Effective Date" legend at the bottom of this page to see when this Privacy
Policy was last revised. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become
effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy. MyTV will
also notify you of any material changes to this Privacy Policy. Your use of the
MyTV following any changes to this Privacy Policy means you
accept the revised Privacy Policy.
10. CONTACT INFORMATION
Users
may contact MyTV with any questions or comments about this
Privacy Policy using the contact form or may address such queries and / or
comments to
info@ngcigroup.com
.
Last
update on 02
th
Nov, 2019