Your Data, Sharing, and Privacy
We want to make sure you have complete control over your data. You can share your Coggle Diagrams with the world, but we do not want you to be surprised by anything, or accidentally share something that you intend to keep private.
We will never share private Coggle Diagrams you've created, or make them public, unless you tell us to (even if you cancel your subscription).
We will always be clear about who can see the Coggle Diagrams that you create. For free accounts the first three diagrams are private, and subsequent ones may be public. The default for all of our paid accounts is to create private Coggle Diagrams that only you can view.
If you create a public diagram it will be clearly marked so that you don't accidentally make something public that you don't mean to. Public diagrams may appear in our Gallery, search engines, and could be viewed or copied by anyone.
When you create a new diagram in an Organisation, your Organisation administrators can see it (even if you do not invite them), and when you create a new Coggle in a shared folder, anyone else with access to that folder can see it too.
When you create a Coggle account we use your name, email address, avatar, declared gender (if any) and language settings. You can close your account at any time from your settings page and this information will be permanently deleted.
Your personal information is completely private (only you can see your profile), though your name email address and avatar image will be visible to anyone that you invite to edit a diagram. We promise that we will never give or sell your private information to anyone else.
Our lawful basis for processing your information is a legitimate interest to provide you with the services that you sign up for:
We use your avatar and name so that you can recognise you have logged in to the right Coggle account, and so that if you invite someone else to collaborate they can recognise you.
We use your email address so that other people can invite you to Coggle diagrams, to send essential communication about any paid subscription that you may have, information to help you get started with Coggle, and occasional emails about improvements or changes to your service.
We use your declared gender to improve the translation of Coggle you see in languages where gender affects the correct translation.
If you sign up for a paid subscription we, and our payment processing company, use your payment information to process your payments and to prevent fraud.
We use cookies to keep your data secure, to make sure that only you can access it, and to store your preferences. We also use cookies along with analytics services to measure and improve your experience of our site.
Access to your data is tightly controlled internally. We run anonymous usage profiling, but no one can inspect your data unless you allow it.
If you have questions, requests or concerns please contact hello@coggle.it. For requests relating to your account or data you must email us from the address that you use to log in so we can verify that we are dealing with the right account.