We are getting your name (manually given by you or from Facebook login if you agree and login), city name (manually chosen by you) and game points in order to show in our global rating leader-board.
We do not collect any personal information about you unless you voluntarily submit the information to us. When you register for our Services, you will be asked to provide certain personal information, such as your name and e-mail address.
We may collect, process and analyze all Raw Mobility Status and Location Data, together with other information concerning the provision, to create aggregate processed data (the “Processed Data”), which does not identify any individual end user.
How We Use the Information We Collect
To show your name/place/rating/points in our global leader-board.
We use automatically-collected information to analyze trends, administer the Services, understand how users engage with the Services, and gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.  We  may use Processed Data in its discretion and share Processed Data with its commercial partners, including to provide crowd sourced services.
------
Reyting sistemimizde yer alabilmek için isminizi (kabul ettiyseniz ve giriş yaptığınızda manuel olarak size sorulacaktır), şehir ismini (sizin tarafınızdan manuel olarak seçilmiş) ve oyun puanlarını sakl
ıyoruz
.
Bilgilerinizi bize gönüllü olarak göndermedikçe, sizinle ilgili hiçbir kişisel bilgi toplamamaktayız. Hizmetlerimize kaydolduğunuzda, adınız ve e-posta adresiniz gibi belirli kişisel bilgileri vermeniz istenecektir.
Herhangi bir son kullanıcıyı tanımlayamayan toplu işlenmiş verileri (“İşlenmiş Veri”) oluşturmak için, diğer bilgilerin yanı sıra tüm Ham Hareketlilik Durumunu ve Yer Verilerini toplayabilir, işleyebilir ve analiz edebiliriz.
Topladığımız Bilgileri Nasıl Kullanıyoruz?
Global lider-listesinde isminizi / yerinizi / puanlarınızı göstermek için.
Trendleri analiz etmek, Hizmetler'i yönetmek, kullanıcıların Hizmetler ile nasıl etkileşimde bulunduğunu anlamak ve genel olarak kullanıcı tabanımızla ilgili demografik bilgileri toplamak için otomatik olarak toplanan bilgileri kullanırız. İşlenmiş Verileri kendi takdirine bağlı olarak kullanabilir ve İşlenmiş Verileri, ticari kaynaklarla paylaşarak, kalabalık kaynaklı hizmetler sağlarız.
-----
نحن نحصل على اسمك (يتم إرساله يدويًا بواسطتك أو من تسجيل الدخول إلى Facebook إذا كنت توافق وتسجيل الدخول) ، واسمًا للمدينة (يتم اختياره يدويًا) ونقاط ألعاب من أجل إظهارها في مجلس إدارة التصنيف العالمي لدينا.
نحن لا نجمع أي معلومات شخصية عنك ما لم تقدم لنا المعلومات طوعًا. عندما تقوم بالتسجيل في خدماتنا ، سيُطلب منك تقديم بعض المعلومات الشخصية ، مثل اسمك وعنوان بريدك الإلكتروني.
قد نقوم بجمع ومعالجة وتحليل جميع بيانات حالة التنقل الخام وبيانات الموقع ، بالإضافة إلى معلومات أخرى تتعلق بالمصدر ، لإنشاء بيانات معالجة مجمعة ("البيانات التي تمت معالجتها") ، والتي لا تحدد أي مستخدم نهائي.
كيف نستخدم المعلومات التي نجمعها
لإظهار اسمك / مكانك / تقييمك / نقاطك في لوحة قيادتنا العالمية.
نحن نستخدم المعلومات المجمعة تلقائيًا لتحليل الاتجاهات وإدارة الخدمات وفهم كيفية تفاعل المستخدمين مع الخدمات وجمع المعلومات الديموغرافية حول قاعدة مستخدمينا ككل. يجوز لنا استخدام البيانات التي تمت معالجتها وفقًا لتقديرها ومشاركة البيانات التي تمت معالجتها مع شركائها التجاريين ، بما في ذلك تقديم الخدمات من مصادر محلية.