Introduction
Here at PeakVisor we take personal privacy very seriously. As a general rule neither PeakVisor.com website neither PeakVisor mobile app does not collect your personal information unless you chose to provide that information to us. When you choose to provide us with your personal information, you are giving PeakVisor your permission to use that information for the stated purposes listed in this privacy policy. If you choose not to provide us with that information, it might limit the features and services that you can use on this website or in the mobile app.
Generally, the information requested by PeakVisor will be used to provide a website or a mobile app feature or service to you, such as mountain panorama for the current location, support request, or providing future improvements better tailored to your interests. For example, active usage of the PeakVisor app in the Rockies could lead to our decision to audit and manually improve 3D model of that mountain range. A description of PeakVisor’s intended use of that information, how that information is collected, security measures PeakVisor takes to protect that information, and how to grant or revoke consent for collection and use of that information will be fully described below in the "Privacy Notice" section of this privacy policy.
Privacy Notice
Email
Some of the services on this website and in the app allow you to send us an email. We will use the information you provide, such as email address, only to respond to your inquiry and follow up on the PeakVisor product related issues. Keep in mind that email transmissions are not encrypted by default, so we suggest you do not send sensitive information such as Social Security numbers, credit card numbers, or bank account information.
Analytics
PeakVisor website uses cookies to provide a customized user experience on the web site. A cookie is a small file that a website transfers to your computer to allow your browser to remember information about your last session on that website. Your computer only shares information in the cookie with the specific website that provided it, and no other website can request that information.
PeakVisor website uses third-party analytics service Google Analytics to better understand how they use it. This software is provided by Google Analytics which uses cookies to track visitor usage. The software will save a cookie to your computer’s hard drive in order to track and monitor your engagement and usage of the website, but will not store, save or collect personal information.
PeakVisor mobile app uses third-party MixPanel analytics and Fabric crash reporting to gather mobile app usage data and information about technical problems if any.
PeakVisor collects and temporarily stores certain information about your visit to help us to better align our website and mobile app design with your needs. The information these cookies and third-party services collect includes:
Your device’s IP address
The domain you access our website from
The date and time you accessed out website / mobile app
The operating system of your device
The browser you’re using to access out website
The Universal Resource Locators (URLs) of the pages you visit on our website
The screen names of the mobile app (similar to page names of the website)
The URL of site you came from, if you clicked a link there that brought you to our website
A rough approximation of location information (~70 miles / 100 km)
The information collected is highly anonymized and not geared towards identification.
We may share this information internally with PeakVisor employees as needed. This information is only used to to improve the website and enhance our users’ experience. Raw data logs are only retained temporarily for site management purposes.
Security
PeakVisor takes the security of your personal information very seriously. We take precautions to ensure that the information we collect is secure and inaccessible by anyone outside of our organization. These precautions include advanced access controls to limit access to that information to only internal personnel who require access to that information. We also use numerous security technologies to protect all data stored on our servers and related systems. Our security measures are regularly upgraded and tested to ensure they are effective.
PeakVisor will not retain your personal information longer than necessary. We will hold onto the information you provide either while your account is in existence, or as needed to be able to provide the Services to you, or (in the case of any contact you may have with our Customer Care team) for as long as is necessary to provide support-related reporting and trend analysis only.
We take the following specific steps to protect your information:
Use internal access controls so only limited personnel have access to your information.
Anyone with access to user information is trained on all relevant security and compliance policies.
All information is secured through modern security technologies like secure socket layer (SSL), encryption, firewalls, and secure passwords.
All access safeguards described above are in place to prevent unauthorized access by outsiders to information stored on or transmitted by our systems even though the information is very limited.
Choice, Access, and Redress
You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given below:
Ask for a list of personal information we have about you, if any.
Request a change, correction, or deletion of your personal information.
Request that we avoid collecting anything in the future (opt-out).
If you do not wish to have cookies stored on your machine, you have the option to turn cookies off in your browser. However, keep in mind that turning off cookies may impact how this website functions. Disabling browser cookies will also impact how other websites you visit store browser cookies as well.
If you believe at any point that we are not following this privacy policy as stated, please contact us immediately via email (peakvisor@routes.tips), or via telephone (39-366-303-05-10).
Please note, we are constantly reviewing how we process and protect data. Therefore, changes to our policy may occur at any time. We will endeavour to publicise any changes.
Cookies We May Use
Name
Purpose
Duration
sessionId
authorization
not limited
authredirect
authorization
not limited
niceurl
authorization
not limited
unitsOfMeasurement
localization
not limited
tempUnit
localization
not limited
importPhotoGuideCounter
photo import
90 days
userLoc
map positioning
not limited
PeakVisor Details
PeakVisor was developed and is managed by Routes Software SRL with headquarters in:
Via Cavour, 2
Lomazzo (CO), 22074
Italy
A relevant person responsible for the privacy could be reached via email peakvisor@routes.tips