Top
Main page
Track a package
Support
EN
RU
FR
ES
PT
PRIVACY POLICY
This privacy policy (hereinafter referred to as the Policy) is a part of the
User Agreement
.
Purposes of using personal data
The personal data may be used for identification to conclude and execute the Agreement, as well as to fulfill the terms of the Agreement, which includes:
perfection, improvement, modernization, updating of the capabilities and functionality of the Service (hereinafter referred to as the
Service Improvement
);
providing relevant information about the Products of interest to the User offered for purchase by sellers on the Internet sites Aliexpress, Gearbest and Joom (hereinafter referred to as
updating the information on the Products under the Agreement
);
promotion of services of the Service, including informing about new features, functionality of the Service, as well as about rebates, giveaway, discounts and other, including the terms of loyalty programs and other (hereinafter referred to as the
Service promotion
);
informing in connection with the Agreement, including regarding its updates (hereinafter referred to as
informing under the Agreement
);
Personal data may also be used for direct marketing, advertising and promotion of the Service, for researching the consumer market, taking into account user personal data and experience of using the Service for marketing of the functions of the Service (
market research for the Service marketing
); for compliance with the requirements of applicable law or a resolution of the court or other competent state or municipal authority (
compliance with the requirements of law or a resolution of a competent authority
).
The Service seeks to use the data to provide the User with the full, relevant and convenient functionality of the Service, as well as for its subsequent development in the area that will allow to more fully satisfy and anticipate the expectations and requests of the User.
Personal data used
The User is responsible for updating and maintaining the correct contact information in their Personal Account in the Service. All changes that may be carried out by the User are initiated by them in the Personal Account.
The information that the User may provide when registering in the Service by e-mail: name (pseudonym) in the Service, password for the Personal Account, email.
When registering in the Service through social networks, the User may provide: the identifier (ID) of the Facebook profile, VKontakte profile or Google account, the name (pseudonym) in this social network, as well as a link to the profile/account photo, email.
Such data is identification information
.
The Service also receives information from other sources.
Regardless of the method of processing of personal data (not including identification for Registration), if possible,
standard external information
is collected:
Identification Number (UUID) in the Service assigned after Installation;
geolocation data (about location) using GPS and public Wi-Fi networks;
identifiers (model) of the user Device;
operating system and its version;
browser type and version;
version and identifiers of the Mobile application used by the User;
timezone;
language used;
country of stay, city (if possible);
display resolution;
visiting sites Ozon, DNS, Mvideo, Citilink, Aliexpress
cookies (small files that are stored in the memory of the user device, designed for personalization of the user activity and behaviour on the Site and other sites on the Internet).
Methods of processing (using) personal data
The use of personal data depends on the specific purposes of their processing.
Using personal data for identification when registering.
In order to individualize the User as a party to the Agreement, the Service needs to receive sufficient information that allows to establish the identity of the User. To do this, there is a procedure of Registration in the Service.
For successful Registration, the User should provide their identification information. The Service collects, records and organizes user identification information, including via automation devices. The Service may refine this information in order to ensure that such identification information is accurate and up to date.
The User’s identification information is stored until the date of termination of the Agreement (deleting/blocking of the User’s Personal Account). Subsequently, such identification information is deleted and destroyed.
Using personal data when executing the Agreement.
The Service processes the provided information by all means necessary for the most complete and high-quality execution of the Agreement, including for the implementation of the individual functionality of the Service, improvement of the Service and informing within the framework of the Agreement: identification information, standard external information.
The Service draws the attention of the User to those Products that are likely to be more interesting to the User, based on their behaviour in the Service. The Service is also able to personalize the promotion of the Service for the User, so that the User receives information of interest to them with a higher probability, including information about changes in the cost of the Products. Geolocation data allows the User to use the function of tracking the stage of delivery of the Product of interest to them.
Promotion of the Service is carried out in order to obtain, by existing and potential Users, complete information about the existing functionality of the Service, about new features of the Service, as well as to enable users to use the Service more actively, receiving additional benefits from such use.
The Service also collects, records, organizes, accumulates and uses the personal data listed above; uses them to send notifications to Users by posting them in the Personal Account and (or) sending electronic letters to Users by e-mail (for example, letters about orders; letters about innovations in the Service or about publishing a new version of the Agreement; letters about new promotions, giveaway and other events and programs that stimulate the use of the Service; other service and information letters).
The above personal data is stored until the date of termination of the Agreement between the User and the Service (deleting/blocking the User’s Personal Account). Subsequently, such data is deleted and destroyed.
Using personal data for market research for the Service marketing
The Service carries out
market research for the Service marketing
for commercial purposes, as a result of which the User may be able to obtain information about the Products that may be of interest for the User.
To carry out
market research for the Service marketing
, the Service collects, records, organizes, accumulates and uses the provided identification information (with the exception of the User password for the Personal Account).
Such automatic processing means that the Service seeks to determine the likelihood of direct marketing being effective.
The Service may also transfer the above information to its partners with which the Service has concluded an appropriate agreement on advertising, promotion or marketing (including through intermediaries), as well as the Service may use various marketing, statistical and technical tools. For the avoidance of doubt, by agreeing to the processing of user data for direct marketing purposes, the User confirms that they have familiarized themselves and agrees with the procedure for processing their data in the course of using the specified tools, namely:
Facebook pixel - Data Use Policy published at the URL
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy
;
Google Analytics - Terms of Use of Google Analytics, published at the following URL, at which the User can select the proper language to read the document
https://www.google.com/analytics/terms
;
Yandex.Metrica - Terms of Use of Yandex.Metrica, published at the following URL, at which the User can select the proper language to read the document
https://yandex.ru/legal/metrica_termsofuse/
;
Vk pixel - Data Use Policy published at the URL
https://vk.com/privacy
;
Google Ads - Terms of Use of Google Ads, published at the following URL, at which the User can select the proper language to read the document
https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads
The Service stores the above personal data until the date of termination of the Agreement between the User and the Service (deleting/blocking the User’s Personal Account). Subsequently, such above data is deleted and destroyed.
Using personal data when researching market for the Service marketing
The Service carries out market research for the Service marketing, taking into account the behaviour and preferences of the Users.  Marketing contributes to the growth of the Service, which subsequently helps to improve the quality, reliability and usability of the provided functionality and capabilities of the Service.
To carry out market research for the Service marketing, the information provided by the Users (except for the User’s password to the Personal Account), standard external information, as well as the results of automated analysis and other processing of the above information are collected, recorded, organized, accumulated and used.
The Service may also transmit the above information to partners with which the Service has entered into an appropriate agreement on analytics, statistical research and other (including through intermediaries).
Such automatic processing allows the Service to conduct market research and obtain relevant results, as well as structure the results by categories of the Users depending on various criteria (for example, the state of stay).  Thus, user data become part of the results of market research for the Service marketing.
The Service takes into account the above data when developing a market strategy, functionality and development of the Service.
The Service stores the above personal data until the date of termination of the Agreement between the User and the Service (deleting/blocking the User’s Personal Account). Subsequently, the above data is deleted and destroyed, and the research results are anonymized (if they were not anonymized earlier).
Reasons for use
The service uses user personal data legally. The Service processes the User’s personal data only if the User has provided the consent to the processing of their data by any means provided for in the Agreement; or processing of the User’s personal data is necessary for the execution of the Agreement; or the relevant personal data are made publicly available by the User and are in the public domain; or the processing of the Users' personal data should be carried out by the Service in accordance with the requirements of applicable law, a resolution of a court or a competent state or municipal authority.
Storage of personal data
The service provides recording, organization, accumulation, storage, rectification (updating, changing), extracting user personal data using databases located in the European Union territory, for citizens of Belarus in the Republic of Belarus, for citizens of the Russian Federation - in the territory of the Russian Federation.
Data privacy protection
The Service takes technical, organizational and legal measures or ensures their adoption to protect the Users’ personal data from unauthorized or accidental access, collection, storage, use, transfer, blocking or destruction, as well as from other illegal actions or accidental leaks. A secure HTTPS connection is used, providing a high degree of data security.
The service provides: the appointment of the data protection officers; restriction and regulation of the staff of the Service having access to personal data; familiarization of the Service employees with the requirements of applicable law and regulatory documents on the processing and protection of personal data; registration and storage of material information carriers and their circulation, excluding theft, substitution, unauthorized copying and destruction; identification of security threats to the confidentiality of personal data during their processing, the formation of threat models on their basis; development of personal data protection system based on the threat model for the corresponding class of information systems; verification of the readiness and effectiveness of the use of information security tools; the implementation of an authorization system for access to information resources, software and hardware for processing and protecting information; registration and recording of actions of the Users of personal data information systems; password protection of the Users’ access to the personal data information system; the application of access control measures to communication ports, information input-output devices, removable computer storage media and external information storage devices; implementation of anti-virus control, prevention of the introduction of malicious programs (virus programs) and software bugs into the corporate network; centralized management of the personal data protection system; training of employees using information protection tools used in personal data information systems rules of working with them; recording of the applied information protection means, operational and technical documentation for them; monitoring the actions of Users, conducting proceedings on violations of personal data security requirements.
Rights and their ensuring
The service respects the rights in relation to personal data and contributes to their implementation.
The User may contact the relevant data protection officer with a request for the exercise of the user rights listed below (contacts are listed below).
The service ensures the execution of the request within a reasonable time, but no later than 1 (one) month from the receipt of the request.
This period may be increased to 3 (three) months due to the complexity of the request or the large number of requests from the Users of the Service. The Service shall notify the User of such an extension of the term by e-mail specified by them when registering.
Upon request, the User may exercise the following rights:
access to information related to the processing of the User’s personal data (access to information included in the subject of the Policy; receiving an electronic copy of all processed personal data in a structured form or in a readable by machine format);
clarification of the User’s personal data, while the Service will notify all persons to whom it previously transmitted such personal data, provided that such a notification is not impossible or does not require disproportionate efforts from the Service;
direct transfer of the Users’ personal data from the Service in favor of third parties;
restriction or full or partial withdrawal of the User’s consent to the processing of personal data in one way or another;
destruction of the User’s personal data (in this case, we will notify all personal data processors to which the Service transmitted such data, provided that such a notification is not impossible or does not require disproportionate efforts from the Service): at the request of the User, upon withdrawal of consent to processing personal data, when there is no need to process the User’s personal data.
If the User considers that their rights and (or) legitimate interests have been violated, they have the right to file a claim or complaint with the competent public authority. For example, if the User is located on the territory of the European Union, they have the right to file a complaint with the supervisory authority of the respective EU Member State.
If the User considers that the automated processing of their data violates their rights and (or) interests or creates significant negative consequences for them, the Service will ensure human intervention in the results of automatic processing and ensure the User’s right to challenge decisions made using automation tools.
The Service also, apart from the above information, emphasizes that the User, among other things, may refuse to process their data for direct marketing purposes. In this case, the Service ensures the termination of such processing and the deleting of user personal data. The provisions of this paragraph in no way limit the User’s right to withdraw consent to other types of processing of personal data.
Data Processing by Third Parties
The policy determines only how the User’s data is processed by the Service, and not by anyone else.  The processing of the User’s data by other persons, for example, when the User clicks on links to Partners' sites, is not regulated by this Policy unless specific exceptions to this rule are explicitly specified in the Agreement or the Policy.
COOKIE USE POLICY
Cookies are small text files that, after the User’s viewing of some fragments of the Aliradar Service, are stored on his or her device.
The site
https://aliradar.com/en/
and its subdomains use cookies.
This policy is a part of the
Privacy Policy
.
IMPORTANT: if you refuse to accept cookies, certain functions of the Service may not be available, which will affect the ability to use the Service.
The service uses tracking technologies (hereinafter referred to collectively as Cookie-files or Cookies), including the HTTP flag, HTML5 and local flash memory, web beacons/GIFs, embedded scripts and trailing tags/cache browsers, such as defined below.
The Service may use cookies for various purposes and thereby improve the User’s activity on the Internet, for example, by remembering user data for logging in or preferences during previous views of the Service, in order to use them when the User returns to the Service again.
The Service uses session tracking technologies and continuous tracking technologies. Tracking technologies (for example, cookies) can be permanent (i.e. they are stored on the user device until they are deleted) or temporary (i.e. they are stored until the User closes the browser). The Service also uses basic and third-party cookies. The main cookies are used and controlled by the Service to provide the functionality of the Service. Third-party cookies are operated by third parties, mainly for the purpose of advertising and analytics.
The service uses the following cookie categories:
Mandatory cookies (technical cookies): necessary to provide the services and functions that the User requests in each case, as well as for the correct operation of the Site and support services. These cookies allow to determine the hardware and software of the User’s device; identify errors during the operation of the Service; test new features to improve the performance of the Service. It is possible to use cookies and tracking technologies necessary to prevent fraudulent activities, improve security, for system administration and/or to provide Users with a refund service for a portion of the money spent on purchases in our Partners’ online stores. Without the use of such files, the provision of the declared functionality of the Service is impossible.
Analytical and performance-related cookies: the use of cookies to evaluate the effectiveness of the Service, including for analytical activities to improve the quality and convenience of the provided Service. These cookies can be used to prevent fraud and increase security.
Functional (authentication) cookies: cookies can be used to find out, for example, whether the User has visited the Service before, or if it is a new visitor, to determine the most relevant offers for the User. They are also necessary in order to remember Users. Thanks to such files, the User does not need to re-enter authorization data when visiting the Site again.
Targeting technologies: tracking technologies are used to deliver content, including advertisements that correspond to the interests of Users in the Service and third-party sites, based on how the User interacts with applications, advertising or content. Using the indicated tracking technologies, the Service can share the data on using the Service with third parties to optimize marketing procedures, but only on the basis of unique identifiers.
By using the Service, the User agrees to the use of cookies and tracking technologies and the corresponding processing of information. Detailed information on each type of cookies used in the Service is given below.
Cookie-files/HTML5 Local Memory
A cookie (sometimes called a local storage object, or LSO) is a data file hosted on a device. Cookies can be created using various web-related protocols and technologies, such as HTTP (sometimes called “cookie browsers”), and HTML5.
Web beacons
Small graphic images or other web programming code called web beacons (also known as “1 × 1 GIFs” or “blank GIFs”) can be used on the pages of the Service and in messages. Web beacons can be invisible to the User, but any electronic image or other web programming code that is inserted into the page or by e-mail can act as a web beacon. Blank GIFs are tiny graphic objects with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies. Unlike HTTP cookie markers, which are stored on the hard drive of the User’s computer, blank GIFs are embedded invisibly on web pages, their size is negligible and not everyone is able to notice them.
Inline script
An inline script is a program code that is designed to collect information about the interaction of the User with the Service, for example, about the links that the User clicks on. The code is temporarily downloaded to the User’s device from the Service’s web server or from a third-party service provider, and is only active when connected to the Service, after which the code is deactivated or deleted.
Trailing tag or tag element
The trailing tag, which is an element of the browser cache, is an opaque identifier assigned by the web server to a specific version of the resource found in the URL. If the content of the resource in this URL changes, a new trailing tag is assigned. The trailing tags used in this way are a form of device identifier. End tag tracking can generate unique tracking values even when the consumer is blocking HTTP, flash, and/or HTML5 tokens.
Unique Identifier Header (UIDH)
The Unique Identifier Header (UIDH) in the address information that accompanies Internet requests (http) transmitted over the wireless network of the Internet service provider. For example, when the User enters the address of the store’s website on the phone, the request is sent over the network and delivered to the store’s website. The information contained in this request includes characteristics such as the type of the device and screen size, so that the seller’s site knows how to best display the site and the information presented on it on the phone. UIDH is included in this information and can be used as an anonymous way for advertisers to determine that the User is part of a group that a third-party advertiser wants to access. It is important to note that UIDH is a temporary, anonymous identifier related to unencrypted web traffic. The Service changes the UIDN on a regular basis in order to protect the privacy of Users. The Service does not use UIDH to collect information about browsing the web, and it does not transmit data about browsing the web by individuals to advertisers or other entities.
In the table below you can find a list of cookies used and the reason for their use.
1P_JAR – This cookie contains information about how the end user uses the website and any advertising that the end user could see before visiting the specified website
__cfduid – These cookie-files related to sites using CloudFlare are used to speed up page loading. According to CloudFlare, it is used to remove any security restrictions depending on the IP address from which the visitor comes. It does not contain any user identification information.
_fbp – This cookie is used by Facebook to deliver a range of advertising products, such as real-time bids from third-party advertisers.
datr – The purpose of the datr cookie is to identify the web browser used to connect to Facebook, regardless of the user logged in. This cookie plays a key role in the security features and integrity of the Facebook site.
m_pixel_ratio, dpr, sb, wd, dpr – These are Facebook cookies for site analytics
fr – Encrypted Facebook ID and browser ID, valid for 3 months
_ga – This cookie is used to distinguish unique users by assigning a randomly generated number as a customer identifier. It is included in every page request on the site and is used to calculate data about visitors, sessions and campaigns for analytical reports of sites. By default, it expires after 2 years, although this is configured by website owners.
_gid – is needed to store and update a unique value for each page visited.
_ym_d –stores the date of the visitor’s first entering the site. It is related to Yandex.Metrica.
_ym_isad – is used to determine if a visitor has ad blockers
_ym_uid – allows to distinguish visitors. It is related to Yandex.Metrica.
_ym_visorc_ * – is used for the correct operation of Yandex.Metrica's Webvisor
_ym_wasSynced – is used for the correct work of Yandex.Metrica’s analytics
extension_deleted – is used by the Service to transmit information about removing the extension for Yandex counter.
feedbackInfo – collects data on the version and name of the browser, the version of the Aliradar extension to be sent along with the message to the support service, if necessary.
i – is Yandex cookie, which allows to distinguish visitors to the site, valid for 1 year
mda – These cookies are used to measure and analyze the traffic of this site. These are cookies used by Yandex.Metrica script owned by Yandex.
w- is an identifier of the advertising company of the Service
yabs-sid – is an identifier of the visit for Yandex.Metrica
yandexuid – is a Yandex cookie that allows to distinguish visitors to the site, valid for 1 year
yp – These cookies are used to measure and analyze the traffic of this site. These are cookies used by the Yandex.Metrica script.
yuidss – These cookies are used to measure and analyze the traffic of this site. These are cookies used by Yandex.Metrica script owned by Yandex.
Extension
isg – helps filter search results for searches similar to Aliexpress (deprecated)
More details about the reasons and methods of using certain data, including cookies, can be found in our
Privacy Policy
.
CHROME BROWSER EXTENSION INFORMATION POLICY
The AliRadar browser extension for Chrome Browser (hereinafter referred to as the Extension) is a computer program available to the User for installation on a Device at
https://goo.gl/akK7T1
(at the same time there is also provided a possibility for the installation of the AliRadar browser extension from the Site and any other websites that allow for it to be installed on the Device of the User). By installing this program the User extends the functionality of Chrome browser and gets the opportunity to use the corresponding functionality of the AliRadar Service through this Extension.
The extension provides the User with the opportunity to get relevant data on the price history of the Goods he or she is interested in, on the reliability level of the seller of such Goods, as well as on similar Products in various online stores.
After installing the Extension, the User can access the Service, which includes the following functionality:
getting data on the history of changes in the price of Goods (price dynamics);
getting data on the reliability rating of sellers and stores of Goods (seller rating);
receiving notifications of cost reduction for the Goods selected by the User;
a possibility to search for and find data on the Goods similar to those the User is interested in;
getting data on reviews from other buyers of the Goods, which include the photographs they provide.
The extension collects data from AliExpress™, Gearbest, Joom Ozon, DNS, Mvideo, Citilink and provides Users with recommendations in a convenient form right in the browser on the Goods pages, so that the User can instantly decide whether to wait any longer or immediately make a purchase.
This policy is a part of the
Privacy Policy
.
We use the following data related to the User for the below mentioned purposes:
1. Information provided by the User during Registration in the Service by indicating his or her email: name (pseudonym), password, email address.
Information provided by the User during Registration in the Service through social networks: the identifier (ID) of the User’s profile on the social network Facebook and/or VKontakte, and/or the User’s Google account; name (pseudonym) in this social network, a link to the photo (avatar) from the User’s profile on the social network Facebook and/or VKontakte, and/or from the User’s Google account.
This information is required to register the User in order to provide him or her with the maximum range of functions, as well as with information about sales, changes and updates, the ability to receive other informational messages related to the functionality and efficiency of the Service through this Extension.
Subsequently, this information allows the User to sign in into the Service by typing in the email address and password, as well as using popular social networks available to the User, so that the User can use all the functionality of the Service available to him or her through this Extension.
We store the above-mentioned data until the date of termination of the Agreement between the User and AliRadar Service (deletion/blocking of the User’s account). After that, the data is deleted and destroyed.
2. Information that is not provided directly by the User, but is collected by the Extension from other sources.
The data on the identifiers (UUID, model) of the User’s Device, its operating system and its version, screen resolution, browser type and version is collected for monitoring the correct functioning of the Service through this Extension, as well as to quickly identify problems that the User might have when using specific functions of the Service, including the purpose of correctly adapting the Extension to a larger number of the User’s Devices.
The information about the country and city of residence, the language used, the time zone, in which the User’s device is located, is used to provide the appropriate level of service, which includes the presentation of the available functions for a particular territory (depending on the applicable law) in an appropriate and understandable for the User language, providing the User with information on changes in prices for the Goods the User is interested in at the correct time intervals.
The data on the User visiting pages of retailers and online stores such as Ozon, DNS, Mvideo, Citilink,  Aliexpress, Gearbest, Joom is collected by the Extension for the correct operation of the function of search for similar Goods to those the User is interested in.
Furthermore, the Extension has access to each of the pages visited by the User, for search and subsequent display of tooltips (hints) when hovering links from Aliexpress, as well as for identification and search for similar products on the pages of online stores, such as Ozon, DNS, Mvideo, Citilink . Thus, the functionality that allows the User to obtain information about a particular item of Goods becomes available to the User, regardless of the location of the link on a particular webpage.
We collect the above-mentioned data without associating it with specific Users, which makes such data non-personalized and/or confidential.
The Aliradar extension transmits the data on the User over a secure HTTPS connection. This allows to ensure a high degree of protection of this data from third parties.
We request access only to the minimum amount of the User’s data and only to the extent that is necessary to provide the User with the functions of the Extension, unless otherwise provided for by this policy. We do not request access rights to the User’s data, if it is not related to the Services and functions implemented, unless otherwise provided for by this policy.
Thus, the Extension uses the Google Analytics service to collect usage statistics to help improve the Service. If you do not want to transfer data to the Google Analytics service, please go to:
http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
or set filtering in Adblock Plus or use other ad-blocking applications.
We can transfer the information collected in anonymized form to our partners under relevant agreements on analytics, statistical research (including through intermediaries), as well as advertising, promotion or marketing (including through intermediaries), so that we can use various marketing, statistical and technical tools. As a result, the likelihood of the User receiving the most relevant information about the Goods the User is interested in increases.
By installing the AliRadar browser extension for Chrome Browser, you agree to this policy while granting access rights to your data and give your consent to its use to the extent specified in this document.
AliRadar extension uses the following permissions for the reasons below
(a)
tabs
- displaying the status for similar products search in other online stores on the extension icon in the browser, as well as the status of the extension so that the user understands whether the extension is currently working or not; opening tabs with the user's welcome page when installing the extension, explaining of how to use the functionality, as well as the goodbye page when parting with the user and the ability to leave a comment after removing the extension;
(b)
webRequest
– provides stability work of AliExpress™ and Gearbest partner programs;
(c)
cookies
– determining the relevant language and currency for the user in the online-store where the extension works, as well as checking the user's authorization status in the extension;
(d)
storage
- data caching speeds up the extension’s work, ensures its stability and absence of uncomfortable deceleration of the extension;
(e)
notifications
– displaying browser push-up messages with new price information;
(f)
gcm
– allows browser extension to receive messages from the server with new price information for further notifications’ displaying;
(g)
http(s)://*/*
- displaying the tooltip with information about AliExpress™ products by hovering over products’ links from Aliexpress website. Feature is available on any web page that contains links to products from Aliexpress
Contacts
The User may contact the Service representatives or send questions by using the corresponding Support section of the Service. If anything in the text of this Policy remains unclear for the User, the Service will make every effort to clarify its provisions.
For questions related to the processing of user data in all countries of the world except the Russian Federation, you can contact the data protection officer:
address: Belarus, 220131, Minsk, Gamarnika str., building 30, placement 258, room 3/11
E-mail:
privacy@aliradar.com
ECOMWEBTECH LLC, incorporated under the laws of the Republic of Belarus under registration number 193239133, registered office: Belarus, 220131, Minsk, Gamarnika str., building 30, placement 258, room 3/11.
For questions related to the processing of user data in the territory of the Russian Federation only, you can contact the data protection officer:
address: Russian Federation, 1966135, Saint-Petersburg, P.O. Box 48
E-mail: vladimir.gens@gmail.com
Individual entrepreneur Vladimir Leonidovich Gensitskii, registered and operating in accordance with the laws of the Russian Federation, according to the exclusive license, is a person providing Service on the territory of the Russian Federation under registration number (OGRNIP) 319470400090488 dated 01.10.2019.
Support
If you have any questions or suggestions about AliRadar service, please contact us using the form
Send
Send
Your message has been sent.
Close
AliRadar uses cookies files to improve the service.
Using the apps or website, you agree with
cookies policy.
Got it
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy:
Privacy Center home
Search
Privacy topics
More privacy resources
Privacy Policy
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
What information do we collect?
How do we use your information?
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
How do we share information with third parties?
How do the Meta Companies work together?
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
How long do we keep your information?
How do we transfer information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
How will you know the Policy has changed?
How to contact Meta with questions
Legal basis information
Other policies and articles
Settings
Privacy Policy
How we use info for AI at Meta
Based on feedback from regulators, we’re still delaying our plans to use your information from Meta Products to develop and improve
AI at Meta
. We’ll let you know before we start using this information for this purpose, and how you can exercise your right to object.
Other updates
We're updating our Privacy Policy. The updates go into effect on April 7, 2025.
Read the new policy.
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
Effective November 14, 2024
|
View printable version
|
See previous versions
Highlights
We at Meta want you to understand what information we collect, and how we use and share it. That’s why we encourage you to read our Privacy Policy. This helps you use
Meta Products
in the way that’s right for you.
In the Privacy Policy, we explain how we collect, use, share, retain and transfer information. We also let you know your rights. Each section of this Policy includes helpful examples and simpler language to make our practices easier to understand. We’ve also added links to resources where you can learn more about the privacy topics that interest you.
It's important to us that you know how to control your privacy, so we also show you where you can manage your information in the settings of the Meta Products you use. You can
update these settings
to shape your experience.
Read the full Policy below.
What Products does this Policy cover?
Learn more in Privacy Center about managing your privacy
What information do we collect?
Highlights
The information we collect and process about you depends on how you use our
Products
. For example, we collect different information if you sell furniture on Marketplace than if you post a reel on Instagram. When you use our Products, we collect some information about you
even if you don't have an account
.
Here's the information we collect:
Your activity and information you provide
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
Information from partners, vendors and other third parties
What if you don’t let us collect certain information?
Some information is required for our Products to work. Other information is optional, but without it, the quality of your experience might be affected.
Learn more
What if the information we collect doesn’t identify individuals?
In some cases information is de-identified, aggregated, or anonymized by third parties so that it no longer identifies individuals before it’s made available to us. We use this information as described below without trying to re-identify individuals.
Take control
Manage the information we collect about you
Privacy Center
How do we use your information?
Highlights
We use
information we collect
to provide a personalized experience to you, including ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products), along with the other purposes we explain in detail below.
For some of these purposes, we use information
across our Products
from the accounts you choose to add to your Accounts Center, and
across your devices
. The information we use for these purposes is automatically processed by our systems. But in some cases, we also use
manual review
to access and review your information.
To use less information that’s connected to individual users, in some cases we de-identify or aggregate information or anonymize it so that it no longer identifies you. We use this information in the same ways we use your information as described in this section.
Here are the ways we use your information:
To provide, personalize and improve our Products
We use information we have to provide and improve our
Products
. This includes personalizing features, content and
recommendations
, such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
, Stories and ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products). We use
information with special protections
you choose to provide for these purposes, but not to show you ads.
Read more about how we use information to provide, personalize and improve our Products:
How we show ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
How we use information to improve our Products
How we use location-related information
To promote safety, security and integrity
We use information we collect to help protect people from harm and provide safe, secure Products.
Learn more
To provide measurement, analytics and business services
Lots of people rely on our Products to run or promote their businesses or share content. We help them measure how well their ads and other content, products and services are working.
Learn more
To communicate with you
We communicate with you using information you've given us, like contact information you've entered on your profile.
Learn more
To research and innovate for social good
We use information we have, information from researchers and datasets from publicly available sources, professional groups and non-profit groups to conduct and support research.
Learn more
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
Highlights
On Meta Products
Learn more about the different cases when your information can be shared on our
Products
:
People and accounts you share and communicate with
Content others share or reshare about you
Public content
With integrated partners
You can choose to connect with
integrated partners
who use our Products. If you do, these integrated partners receive information about you and your activity.
These integrated partners can always access information that’s public on our Products. Learn more about other information they receive and how they handle your information:
When you use an integrated partner’s product or service
When you interact with someone else’s content on an integrated partner’s product or service
How integrated partners handle your information
Take control
Learn more about audiences
Privacy Center
Manage apps and websites
How do we share information with third parties?
Highlights
We don't sell any of your information to anyone, and we never will. We also require
partners
and other
third parties
to follow rules about how they can and cannot use and disclose the information we provide.
Here’s more detail about who we share information with:
Partners
Advertisers and Audience Network publishers (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
Partners who use our analytics services
Partners who offer goods or services on our Products and commerce services platforms
Integrated partners
Vendors
Measurement vendors
Marketing vendors
Service providers
Service providers
Third parties
External researchers
AI integrations
Other third parties
We also share information with other
third parties
in response to legal requests, to comply with applicable law or to prevent harm.
Read the Policy
.
And if we sell or transfer all or part of our business to someone else, in some cases we’ll give the new owner your information as part of that transaction, but only as the law allows.
How do the Meta Companies work together?
Highlights
We are part of the
Meta Companies
that provide Meta Company Products.
Meta Company Products
include all the
Meta Products
covered by this Policy, plus other products like WhatsApp and more.
We share information we collect, infrastructure, systems and technology with the other Meta Companies.
Learn more
about how we transfer information to other countries.
We also process information that we receive about you from other Meta Companies, according to their terms and policies and as permitted by applicable law. In some cases, Meta acts as a
service provider
for other Meta Companies. We act on their behalf and in accordance with their instructions and terms.
Why we share across the Meta Companies
Meta Products share information with other Meta Companies:
To promote safety, security and integrity and comply with applicable laws
To provide optional features and integrations
To understand how people use and interact with Meta Company Products
See some examples
of why we share.
More resources
Review the privacy policies of the other Meta Companies
Facebook Help Center
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
Highlights
Under applicable data protection law, companies must have a legal basis to process personal data. When we talk about "processing personal data," we mean the ways we collect, use and share your information, as we described in the other sections of this Policy above.
What is our legal basis?
You have the following rights under GDPR and other relevant data protection laws:
Access and correct information
Withdraw consent
Port your information
Download your information
Erase information
Object
Make a complaint
How long do we keep your information?
Highlights
We keep information as long as we need it to provide our Products, comply with legal obligations or protect our or other’s interests. We decide how long we need information on a case-by-case basis. Here’s what we consider when we decide:
If we need it to operate or provide our Products. For example, we need to keep some of your information to maintain your account.
Learn more
.
The feature we use it for, and how that feature works. For example, messages sent using Messenger’s vanish mode are retained for less time than regular messages.
Learn more
.
How long we need to retain the information to comply with certain legal obligations.
See some examples
.
If we need it for other legitimate purposes, such as to prevent harm; investigate possible violations of our terms or policies; promote safety, security and integrity; or protect ourselves, including our rights, property or products
In some instances and for specific reasons, we’ll keep information for an extended period of time.
Read our Policy
about when we may preserve your information.
How do we transfer information?
Highlights
Why is information transferred to other countries?
Where is information transferred?
How do we safeguard your information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
Highlights
We access, preserve, use and share your information:
In response to legal requests, like search warrants, court orders, production orders or subpoenas. These requests come from
third parties
such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
Learn more
about when we respond to legal requests.
In accordance with applicable law
To promote the safety, security and integrity of
Meta Products
, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
.
We may access or preserve your information for an extended amount of time.
Learn more
.
How will you know the Policy has changed?
We'll notify you before we make material changes to this Policy. You’ll have the opportunity to review the revised Policy before you choose to continue using our Products.
How to contact Meta with questions
You can learn more about how privacy works on
Facebook
and on
Instagram
, and in the
Facebook Help Center
. If you have questions about this Policy, or have questions, complaints or requests regarding your information, you can contact us as described below.
The data controller responsible for your information is Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, which you can
contact online
, or by mail at:
Meta Platforms Ireland Limited
ATTN: Privacy Operations
Merrion Road
Dublin 4
D04 X2K5, Ireland
Contact the Data Protection Officer
for Meta Platforms Ireland Limited.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with Meta Platforms Ireland's lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission, or your local supervisory authority.
Legal basis information
Consent
We process information as described below when you have given us your consent to do so, which we may ask through in-product experiences, to enable particular features, or to enable device-based settings. The categories of information we use and why and how they are processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Processing information with special protections that you provide so we can share it with those you choose, to provide, personalise and improve our Products and to undertake analytics.  We’ll collect, store, publish and apply automated, or sometimes manual, processing for these purposes.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Any information with special protections that you choose to provide, such as your religious views, your sexual orientation, political views, health, racial or ethnic origin, philosophical beliefs or trade union membership, or as part of surveys you choose to participate in, and where you have given your explicit consent
Personalizing ads on the Meta Products:
If we show you ads on Meta Products, including Meta Audience Network, depending on your
settings
, we will use your information across the account(s) in your Accounts Centre to show you ads, including using cookies, to personalize your ads and measure how those ads perform.
If we show you ads on Meta Products, our ads system automatically processes information that we've collected and stored associated with you. In accordance with your Ad settings, our ads system uses this information to understand your interests and your preferences and personalize your ads across the Meta Products.
Learn more
about your Ad settings.
Our ads system prioritizes what ad to show you based on what audience advertisers want to reach. Then we match the ad to people who might be interested.
Learn more
about how our ads system works.
Learn more
about how we choose the ads that you see.
You can change your choice at any time in your “Ad Preferences”.
Your activity and information that you provide
:
Content that you create, such as posts, comments or audio
Content that you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content, including ads, that you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features that you use and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions that you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you're doing on your device, such as whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users'
Device signals
Information that you've shared through your device settings (e.g. GPS location)
Information about the network that you connect your device to
Location-related  information
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Using information from partners, vendors and other third parties to tailor the ads you see: If we show you ads on Meta Products, with your consent we’ll use information that partners, vendors and other third parties provide us about activity off the Meta Products and that we have associated with you to personalize ads that we show you on the Meta Products, and on websites, apps and devices that use our advertising services. We receive this information whether or not you’re logged in or have an account on our Products, see the
Cookies Policy
for more information.
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request when you use some of our Products. For example, when you direct us we share your email address or other information that you might choose to share with an advertiser so that they can contact you with additional information about a promoted product. The type of third party and categories of information shared depend on the circumstances of what you ask us to share.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like your contact, profile or other information, like posts or comments
Collecting information that you allow us to receive through the device-based settings you enable (such as access to your GPS location, camera or photos) which we use to provide the features or services described when you enable the setting.
App, browser and device information
:
Information from device settings
Verifying your identity or account, or helping to protect against suspicious activity including impersonation and identity misuse, using face analysis which may include facial recognition technology if you select it.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Your account information, profile photo, or
your photo or video selfie, if you choose to provide it
When we process information that you provide to us based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. You also have the right to port that information you provide to us based on your consent. To exercise your rights, visit your device-based settings, and visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings and our Help Centers.
Performance of a contract
For all people who have the legal capacity to enter into an enforceable contract (for example, by being the age of majority or above in their country of residence), we process information as necessary to conclude and perform our contracts with you (the
Meta Terms
and
Instagram Terms
, the
Supplemental Meta Platforms Technologies Terms of Service
, the
Supplemental Portal Terms of Service
, the
Meta AI Terms of Service
and the
Supplemental Meta View Terms of Service
, together, the “terms"). The purposes for which we process information for our contracts, the categories of information we use and how information is processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Personalising the Meta Products (other than ads): Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories); and
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, and in some instances not only automated processing but also manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features,
Undertake analytics, and
Facilitate your purchases and payments on Meta Pay or other Meta checkout experiences.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts, identity and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the
Oversight Board
,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review and, in some cases, remove content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To communicate with you: We use information you’ve given us (like contact information on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
We’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your e-mail address to respond when you contact us.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Transferring, storing or processing your information globally. We share information we collect globally, both internally across our offices and data centers and externally with our partners, third parties and service providers. Because Meta is global, with users, partners and employees around the world, transfers are necessary to:
Operate and provide the services described in the terms that apply to the Meta Product(s) you are using. This includes allowing you to share information and connect with your family and friends around the globe; and
So we can fix, analyze and improve our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
We'll use the information we have to provide these services; if you choose not to provide certain information (other than limited account information which is necessary to create a
Facebook account
or an
Instagram account
), your experience using the Meta Products may be affected. For example, you may see less relevant recommendations on the Products, or your use of the Products may be restricted.
When we process information that you provide to us as necessary for concluding or performing our contracts with you, you have the right to port it under the GDPR. To exercise your rights, visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings, or learn more in our Help Centers.
Compliance with a legal obligation
The categories of information we use, why we process your information based on compliance with a legal obligation and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
For processing information when the law requires it: Where we are under an obligation to disclose information such as, for example, if we receive a valid legal request for certain information (such as an Irish search warrant), we will access, preserve and / or share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others.
The way in which the information will be processed depends on the specific circumstances, see
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and integrity?
for more.
Information for Law Enforcement Authorities
provides information on the operational guidelines law enforcement needs to follow.
Examples of Irish and EU laws enforceable in Ireland that could give rise to an obligation requiring us to process the information we hold about you are:
Civil and commercial matters: where we are in receipt of a court order or otherwise required to disclose information for the purposes of court proceedings, such as under Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters.
Criminal matters: to comply with requests from Irish law enforcement to provide information in relation to an investigation, such as under Section 10 of the Criminal Justice (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1997 as amended by 6(1)(a) of the Criminal Justice Act 2006, or to take steps to report information to law enforcement where required.
Consumer matters: to comply with our obligations under consumer law such as the Competition and Consumer Protection Act 2014.
Corporate and taxation matters: to comply with our obligations such as the Companies Act 2014.
Regulatory matters: to comply with our obligations to engage with regulators, such as the Data Protection Commission under the General Data Protection Regulation and the Data Protection Act 2018.
Financial matters: to comply with our obligations under applicable financial services law such as the European Union (Payment Services) Regulations 2018
View the
current list of laws
which are enforceable in Ireland that give rise to a legal obligation for Meta which results in the processing of information. New laws may be enacted or other obligations may become binding on our processing of your information which may require us to process your information and we will update this list from time to time.
The categories of information depend on the specific circumstances of each mandatory request or obligation. Only the information necessary to comply with the relevant legal obligation will be processed. For example, for civil matters, this will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information). However, depending on the circumstances it could include the following:
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Legitimate interests
We rely on our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third party, where they are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms ("legitimate interests"). The categories of information we use, the legitimate interests relied on and why and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Legitimate interests relied on
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
If you are a registered user of the Meta Products
For people under the age of majority (under 18, in most applicable countries) who have a limited ability to enter into an enforceable contract only, where we may be unable to process your information on the grounds of contractual necessity.
Personalising the Meta Products: Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
News Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories),
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Learn more
about how we use information about you to personalise your experience on and across Meta Products and how we choose the ads that you see.
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
(other than using partner data to tailor ads to you)
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, automated processing, and in some instances manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide advertising products,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features, and
Undertake analytics.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To enable people under the age of majority to use and connect to the Meta Products in an easy and intuitive manner.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public profile information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the Oversight Board,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review, and in some cases remove, content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on the Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
To secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, and to protect the safety of people under the age of majority, including to prevent exploitation or other harms to which such individuals may be particularly vulnerable.
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating with you:
We use information you have given us (like contact information you’ve entered on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
we’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your email address to respond to you when you contact us.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
For all people, including those under the age of majority
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and how their content is performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help users, businesses, and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their content, websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realise using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our other partners; and
In the interests of developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
If we show you ads on Meta Products:
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, advertisers and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, advertisers and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's ads, content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and ads, and how their content and ads are performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help businesses, advertisers and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, advertisers, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realize using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our advertisers and other partners; and
In the interests of advertisers, developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content and advertising on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating, engaging and sharing across the Meta Company Products:
To provide a seamless, consistent and richer, innovative, experience across the Meta Company Products and to enable cross app interactions, sharing, viewing and engaging with content, including posts and videos.
In our interest to provide seamless, consistent and richer, innovative communication, engagement and sharing experiences across Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Business intelligence and analytics:
To understand, in aggregate, your usage of and across our Products, to accurately count people and businesses; and
Validate metrics directly related to these, in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to adhere to (shareholder/earning) reporting obligations.
In our interest to measure the use of our Products and count the people who interact with our Products in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to enable provision of accurate and reliable reporting.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Location-related information
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you:
Depending on your settings, we’ll share marketing communications with you.
We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide, including your contact information like e-mail address
App, browser and device information
:
Device identifiers
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from researchers we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
For example, we analyse information that we have about migration patterns during crises. This helps relief organizations get aid to the right places.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation of information as well as manual (human) review, and share information, as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programmes.
In our interest and those of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Anonymising your information
In some cases, we anonymise information we have about you, such as your activity on and off our Products, and use the resulting information, for example, to provide and improve our Meta Products, including ads.
In our interest to fund our provision of the Meta Products, provide relevant advertising to users, and improve ads delivery and Meta Products;
In the interests of advertisers to help them to reach relevant audiences who may be interested in their information, products or services;
In the interests of users that Meta practice data minimisation and privacy by design in respect of their information
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to legal requests.
See
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promote safety, integrity and security in limited circumstances outside of the performance of our contracts with you:
Our Meta Products are delivered to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We apply automated processing, as well as manual (human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request:
You may choose to share your contact information, profile information and other data with our partners: The types of partners with whom information is shared depends on the features of our service that you use and the manner in which you choose to use them. For example, you may choose to share your email address, birthday, friends list, hometown or other information with a partner if you choose to connect your Facebook account to their app.
To deliver  quality experiences to users who use our partners’ apps, in our best interest and in the interest of our users.
To facilitate and improve users' experiences in their apps, in the interests of our partners who want to facilitate and improve consumers' experiences in their apps.
Information you provide (for example, your email address, birthday, friends’ list and hometown).
If you are using a device we cannot associate with a registered user of the Meta Products
Promote safety, integrity and security:
Our Meta Products are delivered in a manner to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We collect and store information we have for this purpose and apply automated processing and manual (i.e. human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and research and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users generally and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you: We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail address.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide including your contact information like your e-mail address
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from research partners we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programs.
In our interest and in the interest of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to
legal requests
.
See '
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
' for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Provide and improve our Products:
We use information we collect to:
Provide products and curate features
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To improve the Meta Company Products in a consistent manner, to correct technical glitches, and to optimise functionality.
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary to pursue our legitimate interests or those of a third party, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, such processing; to exercise your right, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings.
We will consider several factors when assessing an objection, including: our users' reasonable expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort. Unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons, your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
If you are under the age of majority in your country and there is no enforceable contract in place, we will take particular account of the fact that you are below the age of majority when conducting our assessment of our legitimate interests and the balancing  of your interests and rights. We provide specific protections for people below the age of majority to ensure that they are aware of the risks, consequences, safeguards and rights associated with the processing of their information.
Tasks carried out in the public interest
The purposes for which we anticipate processing your information as a task in the public interest, the processing we undertake, and the information we use is set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Undertaking research for social good:  We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to undertake research and other tasks in the public interest, such as sharing relevant research data with third parties like international organisations and academics both in and outside the EEA. The public interest is required to be laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Articles 168 and 179 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To promote safety, integrity and security: In limited fact specific circumstances, we will access, preserve and share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others where necessary to perform a task in the public interest. For example, we might share information with others for the purposes of combatting unlawful or harmful behaviour where it is in the public interest to do so and where the public interest is laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Section 53 of the Data Protection Act 2018 and Regulation (EU) 2021/1232.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from Partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary for a task carried out in the public interest, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, our processing. To exercise your rights, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings. In assessing an objection, we will consider several factors, including: our users' reasonable user expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort.
Your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information, unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
Protection of your vital interests or that of another person
The categories of information we use, why we process your information to protect your vital interests or those of another person and how it’s processed are set out below
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Protecting the vital interests of you and/or those of another person: We apply automated processing techniques, conduct manual (human) review and share information, including with law enforcement and others, in circumstances where someone’s vital interests require protection, such as in the case of emergencies. These vital interests include protection of your life, physical or mental health, wellbeing or integrity or that of others, and detecting, removing, and reporting illegal content. In protecting such vital interests we aim to combat harmful conduct and promote safety, integrity and security, including, for example, when we are investigating reports of harmful conduct or taking appropriate action, such as sharing information with relevant authorities, when someone needs help.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content,
subject to applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Sub-policy 1
https://vk.com/privacy:
Phone or email
Password
Sign in
Sign up
Music
Videos
Communities
Mini apps
Games
Mobile app
Recommendation technologies used
1.1.
These Rules are an official document of LLC "V Kontakte" with the address at: prem. 1-N, bld. 12-14, Lit. A, Khersonskaya st., St. Petersburg, Russia, 191024 (hereinafter the Site Administration) and determine the method of processing and protecting information on the individuals using
https://vk.com/
web-site (hereinafter the Site) and its services (hereinafter the Users).
1.2.
The purpose of these Rules is to ensure due protection of the user information, including personal data, from unauthorized access and disclosure.
1.3.
The relations connected with the collection, storage, distribution and protection of the Site users information are governed by these Rules, other official documents of the Site Administration and effective Russian legislation.
1.4.
The current version of the Rules, which are a public document, is available to any Internet user by clicking
https://vk.com/privacy
. The Site Administration has the right to modify these Rules. In case changes are made to these Rules, the Site Administration shall notify the users by posting the new version of the Rules on the Site permanently at
https://vk.com/privacy
not later than 10 days before such changes become effective. The previous versions of the Rules are stored in the Site Administration’s documentation archive.
1.5.
These Rules have been developed and are used in accordance with the Site Use Rules available at
https://vk.com/terms
. In case of contradictions between these Rules and other official documents of the Site Administration, these Rules will prevail.
1.6.
By registering and using the Site the User agrees with the conditions of these Rules.
1.7.
In case the User disagrees with the conditions of these Rules, the use of the Site and its services must be stopped immediately.
1.8.
In case a separate User’s consent to personal data processing is required in accordance with the law in connection with the Website use, such consent is requested from the User only in relation to the Website use. Making request for one specified consent for all social networks and social interaction platforms is not allowed.
2.1.
By making available the Site and its services (hereinafter the Site Services), the Site Administration, acting reasonably and in good faith, believes that the User:
has all necessary rights to register on and use this Site;
provides true information about himself (herself) to the extent necessary for use of the Site Services;
understands that the personal information posted by the User may become available to other Site Users and Internet users, be copied and disseminated by such users;
understands that some types of information transferred by him / her to other Users cannot be deleted by the User himself / herself;
is aware of and accepts these Rules and assumes the rights and obligations provided by these Rules.
2.2.
The Site Administration does not check the user information received (collected), except where such check is necessary in order for the Site Administration to fulfill its obligations to the User.
The Site Administration processes information on the Users, including their personal data, in order to fulfill the Site Administration’s obligations to the Users regarding use of the Site and its services.
4.
User information
4.1.
Users’ personal data The Users’ personal data include:
4.1.1.
data that are provided by the Users and are minimally necessary for registering on the Site: name, surname, sex, mobile phone number and/or email;
4.1.2.
data that are provided by the Users using the edit section for their Site pages
https://vk.com/edit
(including family status, date of birth, native city, family relations, home address, education details);
4.1.3.
data that are provided by the Users additionally at the Site Administration’s request to enable the Site Administration to fulfill its obligations to the Users under the Site Service contract (e.g., in case the User requests restoration of his / her page that is not linked to a mobile phone number). Among other things, the Site Administration has the right to request that the User produce a copy of the identity document or another document containing the User’s name, surname, photograph as well as other additional information which, at the discretion of the Site Administration, is necessary and sufficient to identify such User and prevent abuses and infringements of third parties’ rights.
4.1.4.
In order to fulfil the agreement with the User to provide individual services by the Website  Administration, in particular VK Health services (hereinafter referred to as VK Health), provided in accordance with the
Terms of Use of VK Health
service and the
VK Health User Information Protection Rules
, which are part of these Terms of Use for Users of the said service, the Website  Administration may process the following information if the User provides access to it on their device: physical activity data, including steps, distance traveled, speed, pace, calories burned, exercise data, according to the training plan, from various integrated APIs.
4.2.
Other User information processed by the Site Administration The Site Administration may also process other User information including:
4.2.1.
additional data received while accessing the Site, including information regarding technical devices, technical interaction with the Site (as for a host IP-address, user's operating system, type of a browser, geographic position, the Internet provider, contacts, data obtained accessing the camera, microphone and similar devices) and further Users' actions on the Site. Information containing the Site activity history is available for User in "Settings / Security";
4.2.2.
information that is automatically received at the time of access to the Site with the use of cookies;
4.2.3.
information that is created by the users on the Site outside the page edit section
https://vk.com/edit
(including statuses, entries in the microblog (“Wall”), pictures, audio recordings, video recordings, comments, entries in the group discussions);
4.2.4.
information that is received as the result of the User’s actions on the Site (in particular, joining / leaving a group, adding other Users to the friends list, posting pictures, participation / refusal to participate in meetings, adding video recordings). This User information can be available to all of the User's friends in the My News section in accordance with the User's settings;
4.2.5.
information that is received as the result of other Users’ actions on the Site (in particular, notes made on the video recordings and pictures by other Users).
4.2.6.
When the User uses the functionality of the Site’s mobile client, which makes it possible to superimpose virtual masks on facial images from the User’s device camera, the Site Administration uses technologies (such as ARKit) for real-time face tracking in space and detecting points on the face in order to apply a virtual mask. At the same time, the Site Administration does not collect, store, or share with third parties any information about face data, and only accesses the image from the User’s device camera using these technologies in order to provide the functionality of the Site’s mobile client.
5.1. The personal data are processed according to the following principles:
a) lawful purposes and methods of personal data processing;
b) good faith;
c) the purposes of personal data processing meet the purposes determined in advance and declared at the time of personal data collection as well as to the Site Administration’s powers;
d) the scope and nature of the personal data being processed and the methods of personal data processing meet the purposes of personal data processing;
e) it is unacceptable to unify personal data bases created for incompatible purposes.
5.1.1.
Conditions and purposes of personal data processing
The Site Administration processes the User’s personal data for the purpose of performance of the contract between the Site Administration and the User for the Site Services (clause 2.2 of the VK.com Terms of Service
https://vk.com/terms
). By virtue of Article 6 of Federal Law “On Personal Data” No. 152-FZ of July 27, 2006, no separate consent of the User for the processing of his / her personal data is required.
5.1.2.
Personal data collection
The User’s personal data are collected on the Site at the time of registration and also subsequently as the User enters additional information about himself / herself on his / her own initiative, using the Site tools.
The personal data mentioned in clause 4.1.1 hereof are provided by the User and are minimally necessary for registration.
The personal data mentioned in clause 4.1.2 hereof are provided by the User additionally on his / her own initiative using the Edit tab in the My Page section.
5.1.3.
Storage and use of personal data
The Users’ personal data are stored only on electronic media and are processed with the use of automated systems, except where a non-automated processing of personal data is necessary in connection with legal requirements.
5.1.4.
Personal data transfer
The personal data of Users is not transferred to any third parties, with the exception of cases expressly provided for by these Rules.
If the User indicates agreement or has provided consent, it is possible to transfer the personal data of the User to third parties, counterparties of the Website Administration with the condition that such counterparties assume the obligation to ensure the confidentiality of the information received, in particular when using applications.
Applications used by users on the Website are hosted and supported by third parties (developers) who act independently of the Website Administration and do not act on behalf of or at the direction of the Website Administration. In this case, the data shall be transferred with the consent of the User, provided in the form of an implicative action when the application is run and/or used for the first time (in particular, by pressing a corresponding button if it exists). Users are required to independently familiarize themselves with the Service Provision Rules and the Privacy Policy of such third parties (developers) before using the relevant applications.
Actions of such third parties (developers) are governed by the official document of the Website Administration — “Application Publishing Terms”.
Provision of personal data of the Users at the request of state bodies (local authorities) is performed in the manner prescribed by the legislation. In order to fulfill the agreement between the User and the Website Administration and provide the User with access to the Website functionality, the Website Administration develops the services and products that will be provided, develops and implements new services and products, optimizes the quality of services and products, improves the available functionality of the Website and services. In order to ensure the implementation of mentioned purposes, the User agrees that the Website Administration, subject to compliance with applicable legislation, can send them transactional messages for receiving feedback (including surveys) through the Website Administration's Services and/or third-parties: electronic messages, SMS and other types of mailings, and can collect, store, accumulate, organize, retrieve, compare, use, fill out (clarify) their data, and will receive/transmit from/to affiliates and partners the results of the automated processing of such data using various models of information assessment, in the form of an integer and/or text values and identifiers corresponding to the evaluation criteria specified in requests, in order to process data by the Website Administration and/or the parties referred to in this clause.
The Website Administration instructs VK LLC (OGRN 1027739850962, 39 bldg 79, Leningradskiy prospect, Moscow, Russia, 125167) to process the User data collected by the Website, to the extent listed in these Terms of Use, including their processing together with the User data that are already at the disposal of VK LLC, to the extent listed in the Privacy Policy(-ies) of VK LLC Service(s) used by the User, in order to improve the quality of services provided by the Website, namely: to satisfy the User’s interests by displaying information relevant to the User’s interests, on-target advertising (showing information relevant to his/her interests), and generating generalized statistical/analytical information.
The VKontakte Website is a VK Ecosystem Service. Registration and/or authentication on the Website using the VK ID tool means acceptance of the VK Ecosystem User Agreement, which is publicly available at
https://id.vk.com/terms
, and VK Ecosystem Privacy Policy, which is publicly available at
https://id.vk.com/privacy
.
In order to use the VK ID tool and provide services and/or provide rights and possibility of using VK Ecosystem Services and tools, the User hereby agrees and instructs the Website Administration to transfer and receive personal data and other information about the User to/from VK Ecosystem Services and tools, for subsequent collection, storage, accumulation, systematization, extraction, comparison, use of such data, and filling out of such data with VK Ecosystem Services/tools in the scope indicated in the VK ID personal account.
In order to provide Users located outside the territory of the Russian Federation with relevant advertising, the Website Administration uses the Google AdMob and SDK AppLovin MAX services. In addition, in order to adapt and improve advertisements, the IP address and advertising ID of the User's device are sent to the specified services, taking into account the requirements of the current legislation of the Russian Federation.
5.1.5.
Deletion of personal data
The User’s personal data are deleted in case:
– the User himself / herself removes data from his / her personal page;
– the User himself / herself removes his / her personal page, using the Remove My Page functionality available to the User in the My Settings section;
– the Site Administration removes the information posted by the User as well as the User’s Page as provided by the VK.com Terms of Service
https://vk.com/terms
(sub-clauses 7.2.2 and 8.6).
In case of the personal page removal, the Site Administration stores the User’s personal data on its electronic media for the time period needed and established by the current legislation of the Russian Federation. In case the User himself / herself removes his / her personal page, the User has the right to restore his / her personal page within 210 days after the personal page is removed in settings
https://vk.com/settings
.
5.2.
Publishing any content on his / her own personal page including personal information the User understands and accepts that this information may be available to other Internet users taking into account the architecture and functionality of the Site. The User determines on his / her own the confidentiality mode and conditions of access to the information mentioned in sub-clauses 4.2.3 – 4.2.5 hereof by means of appropriate settings. The Site Administration takes technical and organizational measures to ensure that the appropriate Site tools are functional.
6.1. The User has the right to:
6.1.1.
access their information without restrictions and free of charge by loading his / her personal page on the Site with the use of login and password;
6.1.2.
establish, using the Site tools, the desired confidentiality level for his / her information (conditions of access to information) in accordance with clause 6.3 hereof;
6.1.3.
independently make changes and corrections to his / her information on the User’s personal page on the Site, provided that such changes and corrections contain up-to-date and true information;
6.1.4.
remove his / her information from his / her personal page on the Site;
6.1.5.
request that the Site Administration update, block or delete his / her personal data, if such data are incomplete, outdated, untrue, unlawfully received or are not necessary for the declared purpose of processing or if the actions specified in sub-clauses 6.1.3 and 6.1.4 hereof cannot be implemented independently;
6.1.6.
request information from the Site Administration regarding the processing of his / her personal data.
6.2.
As the Site is an all-in-one means of communication and search for people and the key function of the Site is to restore and maintain contacts with old and new acquaintances, the following information on the registered User is always available to any registered Site User:
6.2.1.
User’s surname and name;
6.2.2.
date of birth, profile photograph, city, name of the higher educational institution the User currently attends or has graduated from, year (planned year) of graduation from the higher educational institution, name of the university department the User currently attends or has graduated from, and the User’s entries in the microblog (“Wall”), if the User has posted this information on the Site in the My Page section;
6.2.3.
information on the User’s subscriptions and subscribers;
6.2.4.
list of the User’s friends, except the limited list of friends the User preferred to hide.
6.3.
User’s adjustment of the confidentiality level for his / her information
6.3.1.
The User may, subject to the limitations under clause 6.2 hereof, set one of the following confidentiality levels for his / her personal data (clause 4.1 hereof) as well as for the information mentioned in sub-clause 4.2.3 hereof:
a) information available to all of the Site Users;
b) information available to all of the Site Users, except specific Users;
c) information available to the persons having the status of the User’s friends on the Site as well as to the persons having the status of their friends;
d) information available only to the persons having the status of the User’s friends on the Site;
e) information available only to some persons having the status of the User’s friends on the Site;
f) information available to some lists of friends (in case the User has created at least one list of friends using the Create List tool in the My Friends section);
g) information available only to the User.
6.3.2.
For the information mentioned in clause 6.2 hereof, the User may set one of the following confidentiality levels:
a) information available to all Internet users and indexed by the search systems;
b) information available only to the Site Users;
c) information available to all Internet users but not indexed by the search systems.
6.3.3.
The Site Administration bears no liability for the disclosure of the User’s personal data by other Site Users who have accessed such data in accordance with the confidentiality level selected by the User.
6.3.4.
In case of personal data (other user information) removal from the User’s personal page or removal of the User’s personal page from the Site, the User’s information copied by other Users or stored on other Users’ pages is preserved.
6.3.5.
To make sure that the selected confidentiality level is correct, the User may, using the Site tools, watch his / her personal page being viewed by other Users.
7.1.
The Site Administration takes technical, organizational and legal measures to ensure that the User’s personal data are protected from unauthorized or accidental access, deletion, modification, blocking, copying, dissemination as well as from other unauthorized actions.
7.2.
Access to the Site is authorized using the User’s login (email address or mobile phone number) and password. The User is responsible for keeping this information confidential. The User may not transfer his / her login and password to third parties and is also obliged to take measures for keeping them confidential.
7.3.
To improve the Users' information protection, the Site Administration uses a system that links the page to the mobile phone number. To implement this system, the User must provide the Site Administration with his / her mobile phone number. Under the system that links the page to the mobile phone number, in case of loss of the login or password the User can restore access to the page using the restoration code contained in the SMS message that the User receives on his / her mobile phone. To reduce the probability of third parties using the Users' logins and passwords to send spam in their name, in case the User’s login and password are entered from a server unusual for the User (in particular, from a server located in a foreign country), the Site Administration blocks entry to the User’s personal page by a message requiring to provide certain digits of the User's mobile phone number. After three unsuccessful attempts to enter the digits, access to the personal page from that server is blocked for 4 hours.
The Site Administration also has the right to call the User’s phone number for the purpose of registration, authorization, confirmation of the phone number linked to the User’s personal page (verification), and restoring access to the User’s personal page using flash call verification. After receiving the flash call, the User must enter a code consisting of the last 4 digits of the incoming phone number in the corresponding window. Depending on the operating system of the User’s mobile device, the code could be automatically entered into the corresponding window, but only after the User gives permission for their call history on their mobile device to be accessed. This permission is given by clicking the “Allow” button or a similar button. Access to the User’s call history on their mobile device is used for the purpose of automating code entry and protecting against spam and mass registration.
7.4.
The User has the right to receive information as to at what time and from what devices the access to his / her personal page was authorized, using the Show activity history link in the My Settings / Security.
8.1.
These Rules do not apply to the actions and Internet resources of third parties.
8.2.
The Site Administration bears no liability for the actions of third parties which as the result of using the Internet or the Site Services obtained access to the User information in accordance with the confidentiality level selected by the User, for the consequences of use of the information which, due to the Site nature, is available to any Internet user. The Site Administration recommends that the Users take a responsible approach to the scope of their information posted on the Site.
8.3.
The Site Administration uses the YouTube API as provided for in clause 7.3.6 of the VK.com Terms of Use. Google's Privacy Policy is available at
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy
.
9.1.
The Users have the right to send their inquiries to the Site Administration, including inquiries regarding the use of the personal data under clause 6.1.6 hereof, in writing to: prem. 1-N, bld. 12-14, Lit. A, Khersonskaya st., St. Petersburg, Russia, 191024, or to support@vk.com in the form of an electronic document bearing a qualified electronic signature in accordance with Russian legislation.
9.2.
The User’s inquiry must contain the following information:
number of the principal identity document of the User or his / her representative;
date of issue of the above document and the issuing authority;
information confirming the User’s participation in relations with the operator (in particular, the number of the User’s id or the short (sub-domain) name substituting the id number);
signature of the User or his / her representative.
9.3.
The Site Administration undertakes to consider and respond to the User’s inquiry within 30 days after it is received.
9.4.
All correspondence received by the Site Administration from the Users (written or electronic inquiries) is classified as restricted-access information and may not be disclosed without the User’s written consent. The personal data and other information on the User who sent the inquiry may not be used without the User’s special consent for any purpose other than for response to the inquiry, except as expressly provided by law.
Revised on 10 March 2025
Загружается...
Go up
Sub-policy 2
https://aliradar.com/en/privacy.html:
Top
Main page
Track a package
Support
EN
RU
FR
ES
PT
PRIVACY POLICY
This privacy policy (hereinafter referred to as the Policy) is a part of the
User Agreement
.
Purposes of using personal data
The personal data may be used for identification to conclude and execute the Agreement, as well as to fulfill the terms of the Agreement, which includes:
perfection, improvement, modernization, updating of the capabilities and functionality of the Service (hereinafter referred to as the
Service Improvement
);
providing relevant information about the Products of interest to the User offered for purchase by sellers on the Internet sites Aliexpress, Gearbest and Joom (hereinafter referred to as
updating the information on the Products under the Agreement
);
promotion of services of the Service, including informing about new features, functionality of the Service, as well as about rebates, giveaway, discounts and other, including the terms of loyalty programs and other (hereinafter referred to as the
Service promotion
);
informing in connection with the Agreement, including regarding its updates (hereinafter referred to as
informing under the Agreement
);
Personal data may also be used for direct marketing, advertising and promotion of the Service, for researching the consumer market, taking into account user personal data and experience of using the Service for marketing of the functions of the Service (
market research for the Service marketing
); for compliance with the requirements of applicable law or a resolution of the court or other competent state or municipal authority (
compliance with the requirements of law or a resolution of a competent authority
).
The Service seeks to use the data to provide the User with the full, relevant and convenient functionality of the Service, as well as for its subsequent development in the area that will allow to more fully satisfy and anticipate the expectations and requests of the User.
Personal data used
The User is responsible for updating and maintaining the correct contact information in their Personal Account in the Service. All changes that may be carried out by the User are initiated by them in the Personal Account.
The information that the User may provide when registering in the Service by e-mail: name (pseudonym) in the Service, password for the Personal Account, email.
When registering in the Service through social networks, the User may provide: the identifier (ID) of the Facebook profile, VKontakte profile or Google account, the name (pseudonym) in this social network, as well as a link to the profile/account photo, email.
Such data is identification information
.
The Service also receives information from other sources.
Regardless of the method of processing of personal data (not including identification for Registration), if possible,
standard external information
is collected:
Identification Number (UUID) in the Service assigned after Installation;
geolocation data (about location) using GPS and public Wi-Fi networks;
identifiers (model) of the user Device;
operating system and its version;
browser type and version;
version and identifiers of the Mobile application used by the User;
timezone;
language used;
country of stay, city (if possible);
display resolution;
visiting sites Ozon, DNS, Mvideo, Citilink, Aliexpress
cookies (small files that are stored in the memory of the user device, designed for personalization of the user activity and behaviour on the Site and other sites on the Internet).
Methods of processing (using) personal data
The use of personal data depends on the specific purposes of their processing.
Using personal data for identification when registering.
In order to individualize the User as a party to the Agreement, the Service needs to receive sufficient information that allows to establish the identity of the User. To do this, there is a procedure of Registration in the Service.
For successful Registration, the User should provide their identification information. The Service collects, records and organizes user identification information, including via automation devices. The Service may refine this information in order to ensure that such identification information is accurate and up to date.
The User’s identification information is stored until the date of termination of the Agreement (deleting/blocking of the User’s Personal Account). Subsequently, such identification information is deleted and destroyed.
Using personal data when executing the Agreement.
The Service processes the provided information by all means necessary for the most complete and high-quality execution of the Agreement, including for the implementation of the individual functionality of the Service, improvement of the Service and informing within the framework of the Agreement: identification information, standard external information.
The Service draws the attention of the User to those Products that are likely to be more interesting to the User, based on their behaviour in the Service. The Service is also able to personalize the promotion of the Service for the User, so that the User receives information of interest to them with a higher probability, including information about changes in the cost of the Products. Geolocation data allows the User to use the function of tracking the stage of delivery of the Product of interest to them.
Promotion of the Service is carried out in order to obtain, by existing and potential Users, complete information about the existing functionality of the Service, about new features of the Service, as well as to enable users to use the Service more actively, receiving additional benefits from such use.
The Service also collects, records, organizes, accumulates and uses the personal data listed above; uses them to send notifications to Users by posting them in the Personal Account and (or) sending electronic letters to Users by e-mail (for example, letters about orders; letters about innovations in the Service or about publishing a new version of the Agreement; letters about new promotions, giveaway and other events and programs that stimulate the use of the Service; other service and information letters).
The above personal data is stored until the date of termination of the Agreement between the User and the Service (deleting/blocking the User’s Personal Account). Subsequently, such data is deleted and destroyed.
Using personal data for market research for the Service marketing
The Service carries out
market research for the Service marketing
for commercial purposes, as a result of which the User may be able to obtain information about the Products that may be of interest for the User.
To carry out
market research for the Service marketing
, the Service collects, records, organizes, accumulates and uses the provided identification information (with the exception of the User password for the Personal Account).
Such automatic processing means that the Service seeks to determine the likelihood of direct marketing being effective.
The Service may also transfer the above information to its partners with which the Service has concluded an appropriate agreement on advertising, promotion or marketing (including through intermediaries), as well as the Service may use various marketing, statistical and technical tools. For the avoidance of doubt, by agreeing to the processing of user data for direct marketing purposes, the User confirms that they have familiarized themselves and agrees with the procedure for processing their data in the course of using the specified tools, namely:
Facebook pixel - Data Use Policy published at the URL
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy
;
Google Analytics - Terms of Use of Google Analytics, published at the following URL, at which the User can select the proper language to read the document
https://www.google.com/analytics/terms
;
Yandex.Metrica - Terms of Use of Yandex.Metrica, published at the following URL, at which the User can select the proper language to read the document
https://yandex.ru/legal/metrica_termsofuse/
;
Vk pixel - Data Use Policy published at the URL
https://vk.com/privacy
;
Google Ads - Terms of Use of Google Ads, published at the following URL, at which the User can select the proper language to read the document
https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads
The Service stores the above personal data until the date of termination of the Agreement between the User and the Service (deleting/blocking the User’s Personal Account). Subsequently, such above data is deleted and destroyed.
Using personal data when researching market for the Service marketing
The Service carries out market research for the Service marketing, taking into account the behaviour and preferences of the Users.  Marketing contributes to the growth of the Service, which subsequently helps to improve the quality, reliability and usability of the provided functionality and capabilities of the Service.
To carry out market research for the Service marketing, the information provided by the Users (except for the User’s password to the Personal Account), standard external information, as well as the results of automated analysis and other processing of the above information are collected, recorded, organized, accumulated and used.
The Service may also transmit the above information to partners with which the Service has entered into an appropriate agreement on analytics, statistical research and other (including through intermediaries).
Such automatic processing allows the Service to conduct market research and obtain relevant results, as well as structure the results by categories of the Users depending on various criteria (for example, the state of stay).  Thus, user data become part of the results of market research for the Service marketing.
The Service takes into account the above data when developing a market strategy, functionality and development of the Service.
The Service stores the above personal data until the date of termination of the Agreement between the User and the Service (deleting/blocking the User’s Personal Account). Subsequently, the above data is deleted and destroyed, and the research results are anonymized (if they were not anonymized earlier).
Reasons for use
The service uses user personal data legally. The Service processes the User’s personal data only if the User has provided the consent to the processing of their data by any means provided for in the Agreement; or processing of the User’s personal data is necessary for the execution of the Agreement; or the relevant personal data are made publicly available by the User and are in the public domain; or the processing of the Users' personal data should be carried out by the Service in accordance with the requirements of applicable law, a resolution of a court or a competent state or municipal authority.
Storage of personal data
The service provides recording, organization, accumulation, storage, rectification (updating, changing), extracting user personal data using databases located in the European Union territory, for citizens of Belarus in the Republic of Belarus, for citizens of the Russian Federation - in the territory of the Russian Federation.
Data privacy protection
The Service takes technical, organizational and legal measures or ensures their adoption to protect the Users’ personal data from unauthorized or accidental access, collection, storage, use, transfer, blocking or destruction, as well as from other illegal actions or accidental leaks. A secure HTTPS connection is used, providing a high degree of data security.
The service provides: the appointment of the data protection officers; restriction and regulation of the staff of the Service having access to personal data; familiarization of the Service employees with the requirements of applicable law and regulatory documents on the processing and protection of personal data; registration and storage of material information carriers and their circulation, excluding theft, substitution, unauthorized copying and destruction; identification of security threats to the confidentiality of personal data during their processing, the formation of threat models on their basis; development of personal data protection system based on the threat model for the corresponding class of information systems; verification of the readiness and effectiveness of the use of information security tools; the implementation of an authorization system for access to information resources, software and hardware for processing and protecting information; registration and recording of actions of the Users of personal data information systems; password protection of the Users’ access to the personal data information system; the application of access control measures to communication ports, information input-output devices, removable computer storage media and external information storage devices; implementation of anti-virus control, prevention of the introduction of malicious programs (virus programs) and software bugs into the corporate network; centralized management of the personal data protection system; training of employees using information protection tools used in personal data information systems rules of working with them; recording of the applied information protection means, operational and technical documentation for them; monitoring the actions of Users, conducting proceedings on violations of personal data security requirements.
Rights and their ensuring
The service respects the rights in relation to personal data and contributes to their implementation.
The User may contact the relevant data protection officer with a request for the exercise of the user rights listed below (contacts are listed below).
The service ensures the execution of the request within a reasonable time, but no later than 1 (one) month from the receipt of the request.
This period may be increased to 3 (three) months due to the complexity of the request or the large number of requests from the Users of the Service. The Service shall notify the User of such an extension of the term by e-mail specified by them when registering.
Upon request, the User may exercise the following rights:
access to information related to the processing of the User’s personal data (access to information included in the subject of the Policy; receiving an electronic copy of all processed personal data in a structured form or in a readable by machine format);
clarification of the User’s personal data, while the Service will notify all persons to whom it previously transmitted such personal data, provided that such a notification is not impossible or does not require disproportionate efforts from the Service;
direct transfer of the Users’ personal data from the Service in favor of third parties;
restriction or full or partial withdrawal of the User’s consent to the processing of personal data in one way or another;
destruction of the User’s personal data (in this case, we will notify all personal data processors to which the Service transmitted such data, provided that such a notification is not impossible or does not require disproportionate efforts from the Service): at the request of the User, upon withdrawal of consent to processing personal data, when there is no need to process the User’s personal data.
If the User considers that their rights and (or) legitimate interests have been violated, they have the right to file a claim or complaint with the competent public authority. For example, if the User is located on the territory of the European Union, they have the right to file a complaint with the supervisory authority of the respective EU Member State.
If the User considers that the automated processing of their data violates their rights and (or) interests or creates significant negative consequences for them, the Service will ensure human intervention in the results of automatic processing and ensure the User’s right to challenge decisions made using automation tools.
The Service also, apart from the above information, emphasizes that the User, among other things, may refuse to process their data for direct marketing purposes. In this case, the Service ensures the termination of such processing and the deleting of user personal data. The provisions of this paragraph in no way limit the User’s right to withdraw consent to other types of processing of personal data.
Data Processing by Third Parties
The policy determines only how the User’s data is processed by the Service, and not by anyone else.  The processing of the User’s data by other persons, for example, when the User clicks on links to Partners' sites, is not regulated by this Policy unless specific exceptions to this rule are explicitly specified in the Agreement or the Policy.
COOKIE USE POLICY
Cookies are small text files that, after the User’s viewing of some fragments of the Aliradar Service, are stored on his or her device.
The site
https://aliradar.com/en/
and its subdomains use cookies.
This policy is a part of the
Privacy Policy
.
IMPORTANT: if you refuse to accept cookies, certain functions of the Service may not be available, which will affect the ability to use the Service.
The service uses tracking technologies (hereinafter referred to collectively as Cookie-files or Cookies), including the HTTP flag, HTML5 and local flash memory, web beacons/GIFs, embedded scripts and trailing tags/cache browsers, such as defined below.
The Service may use cookies for various purposes and thereby improve the User’s activity on the Internet, for example, by remembering user data for logging in or preferences during previous views of the Service, in order to use them when the User returns to the Service again.
The Service uses session tracking technologies and continuous tracking technologies. Tracking technologies (for example, cookies) can be permanent (i.e. they are stored on the user device until they are deleted) or temporary (i.e. they are stored until the User closes the browser). The Service also uses basic and third-party cookies. The main cookies are used and controlled by the Service to provide the functionality of the Service. Third-party cookies are operated by third parties, mainly for the purpose of advertising and analytics.
The service uses the following cookie categories:
Mandatory cookies (technical cookies): necessary to provide the services and functions that the User requests in each case, as well as for the correct operation of the Site and support services. These cookies allow to determine the hardware and software of the User’s device; identify errors during the operation of the Service; test new features to improve the performance of the Service. It is possible to use cookies and tracking technologies necessary to prevent fraudulent activities, improve security, for system administration and/or to provide Users with a refund service for a portion of the money spent on purchases in our Partners’ online stores. Without the use of such files, the provision of the declared functionality of the Service is impossible.
Analytical and performance-related cookies: the use of cookies to evaluate the effectiveness of the Service, including for analytical activities to improve the quality and convenience of the provided Service. These cookies can be used to prevent fraud and increase security.
Functional (authentication) cookies: cookies can be used to find out, for example, whether the User has visited the Service before, or if it is a new visitor, to determine the most relevant offers for the User. They are also necessary in order to remember Users. Thanks to such files, the User does not need to re-enter authorization data when visiting the Site again.
Targeting technologies: tracking technologies are used to deliver content, including advertisements that correspond to the interests of Users in the Service and third-party sites, based on how the User interacts with applications, advertising or content. Using the indicated tracking technologies, the Service can share the data on using the Service with third parties to optimize marketing procedures, but only on the basis of unique identifiers.
By using the Service, the User agrees to the use of cookies and tracking technologies and the corresponding processing of information. Detailed information on each type of cookies used in the Service is given below.
Cookie-files/HTML5 Local Memory
A cookie (sometimes called a local storage object, or LSO) is a data file hosted on a device. Cookies can be created using various web-related protocols and technologies, such as HTTP (sometimes called “cookie browsers”), and HTML5.
Web beacons
Small graphic images or other web programming code called web beacons (also known as “1 × 1 GIFs” or “blank GIFs”) can be used on the pages of the Service and in messages. Web beacons can be invisible to the User, but any electronic image or other web programming code that is inserted into the page or by e-mail can act as a web beacon. Blank GIFs are tiny graphic objects with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies. Unlike HTTP cookie markers, which are stored on the hard drive of the User’s computer, blank GIFs are embedded invisibly on web pages, their size is negligible and not everyone is able to notice them.
Inline script
An inline script is a program code that is designed to collect information about the interaction of the User with the Service, for example, about the links that the User clicks on. The code is temporarily downloaded to the User’s device from the Service’s web server or from a third-party service provider, and is only active when connected to the Service, after which the code is deactivated or deleted.
Trailing tag or tag element
The trailing tag, which is an element of the browser cache, is an opaque identifier assigned by the web server to a specific version of the resource found in the URL. If the content of the resource in this URL changes, a new trailing tag is assigned. The trailing tags used in this way are a form of device identifier. End tag tracking can generate unique tracking values even when the consumer is blocking HTTP, flash, and/or HTML5 tokens.
Unique Identifier Header (UIDH)
The Unique Identifier Header (UIDH) in the address information that accompanies Internet requests (http) transmitted over the wireless network of the Internet service provider. For example, when the User enters the address of the store’s website on the phone, the request is sent over the network and delivered to the store’s website. The information contained in this request includes characteristics such as the type of the device and screen size, so that the seller’s site knows how to best display the site and the information presented on it on the phone. UIDH is included in this information and can be used as an anonymous way for advertisers to determine that the User is part of a group that a third-party advertiser wants to access. It is important to note that UIDH is a temporary, anonymous identifier related to unencrypted web traffic. The Service changes the UIDN on a regular basis in order to protect the privacy of Users. The Service does not use UIDH to collect information about browsing the web, and it does not transmit data about browsing the web by individuals to advertisers or other entities.
In the table below you can find a list of cookies used and the reason for their use.
1P_JAR – This cookie contains information about how the end user uses the website and any advertising that the end user could see before visiting the specified website
__cfduid – These cookie-files related to sites using CloudFlare are used to speed up page loading. According to CloudFlare, it is used to remove any security restrictions depending on the IP address from which the visitor comes. It does not contain any user identification information.
_fbp – This cookie is used by Facebook to deliver a range of advertising products, such as real-time bids from third-party advertisers.
datr – The purpose of the datr cookie is to identify the web browser used to connect to Facebook, regardless of the user logged in. This cookie plays a key role in the security features and integrity of the Facebook site.
m_pixel_ratio, dpr, sb, wd, dpr – These are Facebook cookies for site analytics
fr – Encrypted Facebook ID and browser ID, valid for 3 months
_ga – This cookie is used to distinguish unique users by assigning a randomly generated number as a customer identifier. It is included in every page request on the site and is used to calculate data about visitors, sessions and campaigns for analytical reports of sites. By default, it expires after 2 years, although this is configured by website owners.
_gid – is needed to store and update a unique value for each page visited.
_ym_d –stores the date of the visitor’s first entering the site. It is related to Yandex.Metrica.
_ym_isad – is used to determine if a visitor has ad blockers
_ym_uid – allows to distinguish visitors. It is related to Yandex.Metrica.
_ym_visorc_ * – is used for the correct operation of Yandex.Metrica's Webvisor
_ym_wasSynced – is used for the correct work of Yandex.Metrica’s analytics
extension_deleted – is used by the Service to transmit information about removing the extension for Yandex counter.
feedbackInfo – collects data on the version and name of the browser, the version of the Aliradar extension to be sent along with the message to the support service, if necessary.
i – is Yandex cookie, which allows to distinguish visitors to the site, valid for 1 year
mda – These cookies are used to measure and analyze the traffic of this site. These are cookies used by Yandex.Metrica script owned by Yandex.
w- is an identifier of the advertising company of the Service
yabs-sid – is an identifier of the visit for Yandex.Metrica
yandexuid – is a Yandex cookie that allows to distinguish visitors to the site, valid for 1 year
yp – These cookies are used to measure and analyze the traffic of this site. These are cookies used by the Yandex.Metrica script.
yuidss – These cookies are used to measure and analyze the traffic of this site. These are cookies used by Yandex.Metrica script owned by Yandex.
Extension
isg – helps filter search results for searches similar to Aliexpress (deprecated)
More details about the reasons and methods of using certain data, including cookies, can be found in our
Privacy Policy
.
CHROME BROWSER EXTENSION INFORMATION POLICY
The AliRadar browser extension for Chrome Browser (hereinafter referred to as the Extension) is a computer program available to the User for installation on a Device at
https://goo.gl/akK7T1
(at the same time there is also provided a possibility for the installation of the AliRadar browser extension from the Site and any other websites that allow for it to be installed on the Device of the User). By installing this program the User extends the functionality of Chrome browser and gets the opportunity to use the corresponding functionality of the AliRadar Service through this Extension.
The extension provides the User with the opportunity to get relevant data on the price history of the Goods he or she is interested in, on the reliability level of the seller of such Goods, as well as on similar Products in various online stores.
After installing the Extension, the User can access the Service, which includes the following functionality:
getting data on the history of changes in the price of Goods (price dynamics);
getting data on the reliability rating of sellers and stores of Goods (seller rating);
receiving notifications of cost reduction for the Goods selected by the User;
a possibility to search for and find data on the Goods similar to those the User is interested in;
getting data on reviews from other buyers of the Goods, which include the photographs they provide.
The extension collects data from AliExpress™, Gearbest, Joom Ozon, DNS, Mvideo, Citilink and provides Users with recommendations in a convenient form right in the browser on the Goods pages, so that the User can instantly decide whether to wait any longer or immediately make a purchase.
This policy is a part of the
Privacy Policy
.
We use the following data related to the User for the below mentioned purposes:
1. Information provided by the User during Registration in the Service by indicating his or her email: name (pseudonym), password, email address.
Information provided by the User during Registration in the Service through social networks: the identifier (ID) of the User’s profile on the social network Facebook and/or VKontakte, and/or the User’s Google account; name (pseudonym) in this social network, a link to the photo (avatar) from the User’s profile on the social network Facebook and/or VKontakte, and/or from the User’s Google account.
This information is required to register the User in order to provide him or her with the maximum range of functions, as well as with information about sales, changes and updates, the ability to receive other informational messages related to the functionality and efficiency of the Service through this Extension.
Subsequently, this information allows the User to sign in into the Service by typing in the email address and password, as well as using popular social networks available to the User, so that the User can use all the functionality of the Service available to him or her through this Extension.
We store the above-mentioned data until the date of termination of the Agreement between the User and AliRadar Service (deletion/blocking of the User’s account). After that, the data is deleted and destroyed.
2. Information that is not provided directly by the User, but is collected by the Extension from other sources.
The data on the identifiers (UUID, model) of the User’s Device, its operating system and its version, screen resolution, browser type and version is collected for monitoring the correct functioning of the Service through this Extension, as well as to quickly identify problems that the User might have when using specific functions of the Service, including the purpose of correctly adapting the Extension to a larger number of the User’s Devices.
The information about the country and city of residence, the language used, the time zone, in which the User’s device is located, is used to provide the appropriate level of service, which includes the presentation of the available functions for a particular territory (depending on the applicable law) in an appropriate and understandable for the User language, providing the User with information on changes in prices for the Goods the User is interested in at the correct time intervals.
The data on the User visiting pages of retailers and online stores such as Ozon, DNS, Mvideo, Citilink,  Aliexpress, Gearbest, Joom is collected by the Extension for the correct operation of the function of search for similar Goods to those the User is interested in.
Furthermore, the Extension has access to each of the pages visited by the User, for search and subsequent display of tooltips (hints) when hovering links from Aliexpress, as well as for identification and search for similar products on the pages of online stores, such as Ozon, DNS, Mvideo, Citilink . Thus, the functionality that allows the User to obtain information about a particular item of Goods becomes available to the User, regardless of the location of the link on a particular webpage.
We collect the above-mentioned data without associating it with specific Users, which makes such data non-personalized and/or confidential.
The Aliradar extension transmits the data on the User over a secure HTTPS connection. This allows to ensure a high degree of protection of this data from third parties.
We request access only to the minimum amount of the User’s data and only to the extent that is necessary to provide the User with the functions of the Extension, unless otherwise provided for by this policy. We do not request access rights to the User’s data, if it is not related to the Services and functions implemented, unless otherwise provided for by this policy.
Thus, the Extension uses the Google Analytics service to collect usage statistics to help improve the Service. If you do not want to transfer data to the Google Analytics service, please go to:
http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
or set filtering in Adblock Plus or use other ad-blocking applications.
We can transfer the information collected in anonymized form to our partners under relevant agreements on analytics, statistical research (including through intermediaries), as well as advertising, promotion or marketing (including through intermediaries), so that we can use various marketing, statistical and technical tools. As a result, the likelihood of the User receiving the most relevant information about the Goods the User is interested in increases.
By installing the AliRadar browser extension for Chrome Browser, you agree to this policy while granting access rights to your data and give your consent to its use to the extent specified in this document.
AliRadar extension uses the following permissions for the reasons below
(a)
tabs
- displaying the status for similar products search in other online stores on the extension icon in the browser, as well as the status of the extension so that the user understands whether the extension is currently working or not; opening tabs with the user's welcome page when installing the extension, explaining of how to use the functionality, as well as the goodbye page when parting with the user and the ability to leave a comment after removing the extension;
(b)
webRequest
– provides stability work of AliExpress™ and Gearbest partner programs;
(c)
cookies
– determining the relevant language and currency for the user in the online-store where the extension works, as well as checking the user's authorization status in the extension;
(d)
storage
- data caching speeds up the extension’s work, ensures its stability and absence of uncomfortable deceleration of the extension;
(e)
notifications
– displaying browser push-up messages with new price information;
(f)
gcm
– allows browser extension to receive messages from the server with new price information for further notifications’ displaying;
(g)
http(s)://*/*
- displaying the tooltip with information about AliExpress™ products by hovering over products’ links from Aliexpress website. Feature is available on any web page that contains links to products from Aliexpress
Contacts
The User may contact the Service representatives or send questions by using the corresponding Support section of the Service. If anything in the text of this Policy remains unclear for the User, the Service will make every effort to clarify its provisions.
For questions related to the processing of user data in all countries of the world except the Russian Federation, you can contact the data protection officer:
address: Belarus, 220131, Minsk, Gamarnika str., building 30, placement 258, room 3/11
E-mail:
privacy@aliradar.com
ECOMWEBTECH LLC, incorporated under the laws of the Republic of Belarus under registration number 193239133, registered office: Belarus, 220131, Minsk, Gamarnika str., building 30, placement 258, room 3/11.
For questions related to the processing of user data in the territory of the Russian Federation only, you can contact the data protection officer:
address: Russian Federation, 1966135, Saint-Petersburg, P.O. Box 48
E-mail: vladimir.gens@gmail.com
Individual entrepreneur Vladimir Leonidovich Gensitskii, registered and operating in accordance with the laws of the Russian Federation, according to the exclusive license, is a person providing Service on the territory of the Russian Federation under registration number (OGRNIP) 319470400090488 dated 01.10.2019.
Support
If you have any questions or suggestions about AliRadar service, please contact us using the form
Send
Send
Your message has been sent.
Close
AliRadar uses cookies files to improve the service.
Using the apps or website, you agree with
cookies policy.
Got it