Privacy Statement
Your privacy is important to us. This privacy statement explains the personal data
Xpage
processes, how
Xpage
processes it, and for what purposes.
Personal data we collect
We collects data from you, through our interactions with you and through our products. For example, when a crash has been detected, we may request you to send a email which collecting data about the crash. You provide some of this data directly, and we get some of it by collecting data about your interactions, use, and experiences with our products. The data we collect depends on the context of your interactions with
Xpage
and the choices you make, including the products and features you use.
You have choices when it comes to the technology you use and the data you share. When we ask you to provide personal data, you can decline. Many of our features require some personal data to provide you with a service. If you choose not to provide data necessary to provide you with a product or feature, you cannot use that product or feature. Likewise, where we need to collect personal data by law or to enter into or carry out a contract with you, and you do not provide the data, we will not be able to enter into the contract; or if this relates to an existing product you¡¯re using, we may have to suspend or cancel it. We will notify you if this is the case at the time. Where providing the data is optional, and you choose not to share personal data, features like personalization that use such data will not work for you.
How we use personal data
Xpage
uses the data we collect to provide you with rich, interactive experiences. In particular, we use data to:
Provide our products, which includes updating, securing, and troubleshooting, as well as providing support. It also includes sharing data, when it is required to provide the service or carry out the transactions you request.
Improve and develop our products.
Personalize our products and make recommendations.
We also use the data to operate our business, which includes analyzing our performance, meeting our legal obligations, developing our workforce, and doing research.
In carrying out these purposes, we give you a more seamless, consistent, and personalized experience, to make informed business decisions, and for other legitimate purposes.