Privacy Policy
‍
Last updated: December 3rd 2024
Artivive does not sell your personal data.
We are committed to protecting your privacy and care to remind you of your rights and the control you have over your personal data. This privacy policy details everything you need to know about the collection and processing of your sensitive information.
PRIVACY POLICY
We, Artivive GmbH (“Artivive”), are a Viennese startup founded in 2017 aiming to change how art is created and consumed. We offer an easy-to-use augmented reality tool for artists to create, museums to expand, and galleries to impress. With Artivive, an existing artwork can be extended with a digital layer to create a unique interactive experience, connecting classical and digital art.
Artivive GmbH is the producer and owner of Artivive (collectively referred to here as the/our “Software” and the/our “Services”). We offer a free Application, Artivive, available on the Google Play and Apple App Stores and a content management system, called Bridge by Artivive, that links the two worlds.
WHAT IS PERSONAL DATA?
Information gathered from your visit doesn’t automatically identify you personally, such as your IP address, your operating system, your browser type and language, the date and time of your visit, the search term that led you to the site, your geographic region, the type of content you view, etc. This is done by assigning your computer one or more cookies which may collect information on how you use the site. For information on cookie use, please see the section below.
Personal information we do collect includes your name, email address, screen name, pictures and videos you upload, and your CV and other application materials. The collection is done through the process of registration for our services or applying for an open position at our company, and it is up to you how much information you are willing to provide us with. You have the option to share your social media handles with us (and more), but this information is not required. We might also ask for you to update personal information from time to time and recommend you do so for your own benefit.
THE PURPOSES FOR THE COLLECTION OF PERSONAL DATA
We only process your personal data for the specific reasons we collect it for and nothing else. We also do not process more data than is strictly necessary, periodically review the data and delete it when it is no longer needed. Our aim is to handle data with accuracy, transparency, and integrity.
PURPOSES OVERVIEW:
To
allow you to register
for our Services and process the registration. It is not required of you to provide personal information to view an Artwork and information collected by simply visiting the site will not be personally identifiable.
To
communicate
with you about our products, services, and related issues. We only use your email address for this and you are able to unsubscribe at any time.
To
evaluate the quality
of our products and services, and to enhance your experience on our websites and applications.
To
maintain and administer
our websites and comply with our legal or internal obligations and policies.
To
transfer information
to others as described in this policy or to satisfy our legal, regulatory, compliance, or auditing requirements, including to disclose information to law enforcement authorities upon validly served legal processes or a valid judicial instruction (for example, pursuant to a court order).
To
charge
you any fees and provide you with a receipt or resolve billing issues associated with your account. We only collect strictly necessary information to be able to process transactions.
To
assess your application
for the open job position and to communicate with you within the recruitment process.
COOKIE POLICY
This cookie policy applies whenever you visit
artivive.com
and
bridge.artivive.com
.
These technologies are used to track your activity by collecting data for strictly necessary, functional purposes and internal marketing. We do not sell your personal data to others.
WHAT ARE COOKIES?
Cookies are small text files to help with recognizing returning users, accessing and remembering personal information to distinguish you from others, and enable certain features and services. Most website providers use cookies for reasons of efficiency, increased web security, navigation between pages, saving user preferences, and understanding how the website is used.
COOKIES AT A GLANCE
Who
will be collecting the data?
artivive.com
bridge.artivive.com
What
types of cookies might be used and
what
is the purpose of the processing of personal data?
Strictly necessary
cookies including Active Campaign, PayPal, Stripe,
tooltip.io
, Youtube,
tawk.to
.
Functional
cookies such as Google Analytics, hotjar, Google Optimise, Typeform.
Marketing
cookies like Facebook.
Why
? For what purpose is the data being collected?
Statistical information for site administrators.
For efficient website operation.
To remember personal preferences.
To enable easy communication.
Storing personal/payment information (only once registration is complete and consent is given through the process of registration).
Tracking behavior (anonymous) of website use.
What
are a user’s options?
Accept the strictly necessary cookies, or risk the website not working as it should.
Select to opt-out of additional cookies.
The right to withdraw consent at any point.
Full control in browser settings.
Strictly necessary
— These cookies are essential to the website working as intended. This includes: enabling pop-ups and help features; payment and transaction purposes; website navigation or conversion of videos (on
bridge.artivive.com
) and making it possible for users in China to access the website.
Functional
— For a personalized user experience and to provide us with information to understand how we can improve our site. Within this category are features such as language preferences, dynamic forms, and remembering registration. By understanding how the site is used, we can improve your experience. These cookies also make it possible for you to share across other social platforms. These cookies are optional, and you have the option to disable them.
Marketing
— Artivive does not sell data collected from cookies to any external companies for the purposes of targeted advertising. However, the cookies do help us promote Artivive to you through social platforms such as Facebook (for a period of 180 days) once you have expressed interest by visiting our site. These cookies are optional, and you can always choose to opt out.
USER CHOICES REGARDING COOKIES
You have the option to control or limit how cookies are used. Cookie selection is customizable and you are able to decline cookies at any point in your settings. However, if cookies are disabled, some features of the website may not function properly. Most devices and browsers accept cookies by default.
To disable Google Analytics using your data, you can install Google’s opt-out browser add-on. It can be found at
tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
.
Browsers will allow you to choose your level of privacy in your settings. There you will be able to see what cookies you have and delete or block any cookies you don’t want.
For your benefit, see below a list of links for more information on managing popular browsers:
Google Chrome:
https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647
Firefox:
https://support.mozilla.org//cookies-information
Safari:
https://support.apple.com/en-gb/guide/safari/sfri11471/mac
Edge:
https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/topic/delete-and-manage-cookies
STORAGE AND SHARING
The personal information we gather is shared with our main servers located in Frankfurt. Content shared with our servers in China is limited to data and information collected from our users in China. It is stored for as long as you are registered with us.
In some cases, we may publicly display information that is not personally identifying in the aggregate, (e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of our Services) or may provide the aggregate data to third parties. Artivive employees have access to some personal information, such as contact information, for the purposes of offering assistance and managing accounts. All employees work with discretion when it comes to sensitive information.
Your personal data will be stored for as long as you have an active account with Artivive and upon your request, we will delete your account and data within
30 days
.
YOUR RIGHTS
As a user of this and other websites, you have certain rights regarding your personal data under the GDPR. These eight rights are summarized below:
To be informed about what your personal data is used for. For more information on this, please refer to the above section on “The Purposes for the Collection of Personal Data”.
Access to the information obtained about you and its purpose. If you have any further questions about your personal data, please contact us.
For rectification in the case of misinformation, inaccurate or incomplete information. Should any information be incorrect, please contact us so we can either update or remove it.
The right of erasure (“to be forgotten”) with no requirement to provide a reason.
The option to restrict the processing of personal data. This can be done through measures such as changing your cookie settings and only providing the level of personal information you are comfortable with.
The right to data portability, which means personal data is an individual’s to retain and use as they wish.
To object to the use of personal data for reasons including direct marketing, scientific, public interest or research purposes.
Rights related to protection against damage due to automated decision-making.
You can delete your account and all your stored data by visiting your profile and selecting the “delete account” option from the list. Once you delete your account, all your artworks will be deleted and you will not have access to the account anymore.
For more information on your rights please visit:
edps.europa.eu/edps-homepage_en
or contact us at
hello@artivive.com
or +43 1 2361682.
This privacy policy applies when you visit our websites (
artivive.com
,
bridge.artivive.com
) or app. It is recommended to check relevant hosts policies if you are linked to another website.
YOUNG PEOPLE AND CHILDREN IN EDUCATION
When registering for a Private Account, you confirm that you are of legal age (minimum 16) to form a binding contract and are not a person barred from receiving products or services under the laws of any applicable jurisdiction.
FOR CHILDREN UNDER 16
Children under the age of 16 are not permitted to register with a Private Account.
If you are under the age of 16 and using Artivive through your educational institution, none of your personally identifying data is collected, stored, or shared with anyone. Should you or your parents have any more questions, please contact us or your academic institution.
FOR YOUNG PERSONS
We are particularly interested in protecting privacy interests when working with younger people (aged 16 to 18) and have summarized the main points to do with privacy in this specific section of this policy for you.
KEY POINTS TO REMEMBER ARE:
Find out what your information is used for. At Artivive, we do not collect data that could identify you such as your name, address, phone number, or anything private unless you register.
You can always access the information we have and discover the reasons why we have it.
If any information about you is wrong, it can be corrected or removed.
You can always have your information removed.
Control the use of your data by changing your cookie settings or choosing not to give away information about yourself.
Remember your data is yours to hold and use as you wish.
You can always completely refuse your information being used or collected.
Protecting your personal information is very important, so we have listed a resource for you and your parents to view:
staysafeonline.org/stay-safe-online/managing-your-privacy/tips-parents-raising-privacy-savvy-kids/
HOW DO WE PREVENT HARM?
At Artivive, we try to ensure your personal data is protected to the best of our abilities and within our limitations. No data on the internet is ever 100% secure. While we recommend you act with caution, we cannot ensure, nor warrant that your data will stay safe and secure. By disclosing your information to us, you accept that you are providing us with personal information at your own risk. Your information may be stored in part/whole on equipment/facilities that are leased/licensed from others. Please see the statements of those hosts separately.
By using our websites/app you agree that we are not responsible for the storage/services of others. Any remedies will have to be sought out from those vendors, not Artivive.
We also take care to detect and prevent any possible criminal/fraudulent activity, breaches of our Terms & Conditions, or intellectual property infringements by monitoring the information you have provided. This is done for the purpose of harm prevention, security, and for the well-being of our users. In the case of Abuse Reports of our Services, Artivive will have to access your personal information in order to check and verify the received report. You will be duly informed during the procedure.
Please find the link to our Terms & Conditions at the footer of the
artivive.com
website.
CHANGES TO THE POLICY
This policy will occasionally be updated. The reason for this is to reflect changes that may occur in our practices and services. Any changes will revise the “last updated” at the top of the policy. Should there be any material changes or new features requiring consent from our users, we will notify you. It is recommended that you check this page regularly to keep informed about this.
CONTACT US
Please find our contact details below:
Artivive GmbH
Reindorfgasse 38/1/R01, 1150 Vienna, Austria
hello@artivive.com
+43 1 2361682
‍