Spendesk, a simplified joint stock company registered with the Paris Trade and Companies Register under number 821 893 286 and having its registered office at 51, rue de Londres - 75008 Paris (France), provides an expense management platform for businesses, available on the web and as a mobile app (hereinafter the “
Platform
”), and publishes the websites accessible at
www.spendesk.com
and
www.cfoconnect.eu/en/
(hereinafter the “
Website
”).
Table of contents
A. Overview / Introduction
B. Spendesk Data Protection Officer
C. Processing description
D. Recipient of Personal Data
E. Security measures
F. Hosting and transfer of Personal Data
G. Your rights over your Personal Data
A. Overview / Introduction
Capitalised terms in this policy have the meaning attributed to them (a) in the
General terms and conditions
, or (b) failing that, in the
General Data Protection Regulation
(GDPR).
As part of its activities, Spendesk is required to process Personal Data belonging to various categories of persons.
Personal Data means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person; an “identifiable natural person” is deemed to be a natural person who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, a telephone number, an email address, location data or an online identifier.
By subscribing to and/or using the Website and/or the Platform, you acknowledge and accept that Spendesk processes certain Personal Data concerning you, as well as certain information on expenses incurred with the tools and/or recorded via the Platform. In addition, Spendesk puts in place security measures aimed at guaranteeing the confidentiality, integrity and availability of your Personal Data and limiting access only to persons with a need to know.
This Privacy Policy aims to describe how Spendesk processes your Personal Data for the purposes indicated below and to inform you of your rights in this respect. It may be subject to updates, particularly in the event of changes to the Personal Data Regulation or in the event of processing updates. The applicable version is the one available on the Website on the day you use the latter and/or the Platform.
Below you will find the main answers to the questions you may have about Spendesk’s Personal Data protection commitments.
B. Spendesk Data Protection Officer
To supervise Spendesk’s commitments and its compliance with the Personal Data Regulation, Spendesk has appointed a Data Protection Officer (DPO), who can be contacted by email (
privacy@spendesk.com
).
C. Processing description
As part of the processing of your Personal Data, Spendesk may have the status of Data Controller or data processor. The specific terms of these statuses are set out below.
1. Spendesk, as independent Data Controller
In accordance with the Personal Data Regulation, the Data Controller is the legal or natural person that determines, alone, the means and purposes of processing Personal Data.
Spendesk processes the following Personal Data in its capacity as Data Controller:
Processing purpose(s)
Data subject categories
Nature of the data processed
Legal basis
Retention period(s)
Monitoring of the recruitment process
Candidates
Last name, first name, phone number, email address, CV
Spendesk’s legitimate interest, Consent
If consent, up to two (2) years after the end of recruitment
Tracking of browsing on the Website (see details in the Cookies Policy*)
Internet users
Cookie ID, IP address, browsing information
Consent
Details of the retention periods are provided in the Cookies Policy*)
Management of the marketing relationship: invitation to events, newsletters, recategorisation as a prospect
Marketing contact
Last name, first name, telephone number, email address
Spendesk’s legitimate interest, Consent
Up to three (3) years after the last contact
Relationship management in Spendesk communities
Member(s) of the community
Last name, first name, email address, telephone number, company, position, Slack ID
Spendesk’s legitimate interest, Consent
Up to three (3) years after the last contact
Commercial prospection
Prospects
Last name, first name, email address, phone number, company, position
Spendesk’s legitimate interest, Consent
Up to three (3) years after the last contact
Sales and contract management with the Spendesk Customer
Customer’s sales contact
Last name, first name, phone number, email address, company, position
Spendesk’s legitimate interest, ​​Performance of pre-contractual measures
For the duration of the contractual relationship and up to five (5) years after the end of the business relationship
Research and development
Internet users, Users
Browsing data, cookie ID or other tracker(s), device ID(s) (IP address, IDFA, ADID, etc.), session
Spendesk’s legitimate interest, Consent
Depending on the project
Video and audio recording of calls for the purposes of
improving
Services,
training and
monitoring
Spendesk
staff
performance
Employee, Prospect, Customer, User
Last name, first name, phone number, email address, voice, image
Spendesk’s legitimate interest, Consent
Up to six (6) months after the date of the recording
Notification of incidents via the page
https://spendesk.statuspage.io/
Person who subscribed to the notification
Phone number, email address, Slack identifier
Consent
Until opting out of notifications
Supervision of User accounts
Users
Last name, first name, company, position, financial transactions
Spendesk’s legitimate interest, Consent
During account’s supervision
Systems’ security / Detection, prevention and mitigation of fraudulent or other illegal activities
Candidates, Employees, Users
Login data (User ID, device ID, logs), IP address
Spendesk’s legitimate interest
Up to three hundred and sixty-five (365) days after collection of the login logs
*Cookies Policy:
https://www.spendesk.com/en/legals/cookies-policy/
.
With regard to the management of the Spendesk community (CFO Connect), members authorise Spendesk to use their data for the purposes of commercial prospecting and advertising targeting, in compliance with their rights as set out in this Data Protection Policy.
The Personal Data processed by Spendesk as an independent Data Controller, is collected either directly from you or indirectly under partnership agreements, services mandated by Spendesk, via social networks (Personal Data that you have made public) or through the use of cookies, pixels, trackers and similar items. For more information on Cookies and other trackers, Spendesk invites you to view the
Cookies Policy
.
2. Spendesk as joint Data Controller with Spendesk Financial Services (EEA Customers and Users)
In accordance with the Personal Data Regulation, Joint Data Controllers are the entities that jointly determine the purposes and means of a Processing.
For the provision of Payment Services and in accordance with applicable regulations, Spendesk and SFS SAS also process Personal Data as joint Data Controllers. The respective roles of each of the joint Data Controllers are defined in a joint controllership agreement in accordance with the applicable regulations, which useful information for the Customer is provided in the
information note
available on Spendesk website.
3. Spendesk as Data Processor
In accordance with the Personal Data Regulation, the data processor is the legal or natural person that processes the Personal Data on behalf of and on the instructions of the Data Controller.
With regard to the Processing carried out in the context of and for the purposes of using the Platform, Spendesk processes Users' Personal Data as a Data Processor on behalf of its Customer acting as Data Controller. Details of the Processing carried out by Spendesk as Data Processor are available in Appendix A of the Data Processing Agreement concluded with the Customer, which can be accessed
here
.
Personal Data is collected either directly from Users entering their personal information in their User account, or indirectly through the Customer, as Data Controller, who imports Users' Personal Data to enable them to access their User account (in particular in the context of API integration of third-party platforms into the Platform).
D. Recipient of Personal Data
In order to provide you with the Services, Spendesk may transmit some of your Personal Data to third parties.
1. Transmission of you Personal Data to Data Processors
Your Personal Data may be transmitted to service providers which Spendesk uses to carry out all or part of the Processing described above.
Spendesk chooses its subcontractors with the utmost care and uses only subcontractors that provide sufficient guarantees in terms of GDPR and security compliance. Data Processors only have access to Personal Data that is strictly necessary to perform their tasks and are not authorised to use your Personal Data for any other purpose. In addition, we have concluded agreements with each of them to ensure the protection and confidentiality of your Personal Data, as well as their Processing in compliance with the GDPR.
As a Customer and User of the Platform, you can find the list of Data Processors involved in the provision of the Services on the following page:
https://www.spendesk.com/en/legals/subprocessors
.
2. Transmission of your Personal Data to independent Data Controllers
Some of your Personal Data may also be transmitted to service providers who act as independent Data Controllers when you wish to access certain services.
These Data Controllers are separate entities from our organisation, which autonomously determine the purposes and means of the Processing of Personal Data that we transmit to them in order to provide the services. When we share your Personal Data with these entities, we ensure that this transmission is carried out securely.
You will find below the list of service providers acting as independent Data Controllers for certain services:
Payment service providers:
Customers and Users in the United Kingdom: Adyen (
https://www.adyen.com/privacy-policy
);
Customers and Users in the United States: Sutton Bank (
https://suttonbank.com/_/kcms-doc/85/84421/PrivacyPolicy2024.pdf
) or Dwolla (
https://www.dwolla.com/legal/privacy
);
Digital wallet providers:
Customers and Users in the United Kingdom: Apple Pay (
https://support.apple.com/en-gb/101554
)
We invite you to consult their data protection policies (links above) to find out more about the Processing carried out by these partners.
3. Transmission of your Personal Data to Spendesk Financial Services, as joint Data Controller (EEA Customers and Users)
As part of the use of the Platform, Spendesk SAS and Spendesk Financial Services SAS are required to process together, as joint Data Controllers, specific Customer Personal Data in order to provide the Payment Services and to meet their legal and contractual obligations.
We invite you to consult the
Information Notice on the Processing of Personal Data carried out by Spendesk Financial Services SAS and Spendesk SAS
to find out more about these Data Processing.
4. Transmission of your Personal Data to the authorities
Spendesk may be required to communicate all or part of your Personal Data to public authorities, government bodies or other financial institutions, in accordance with a law, a regulation or a decision of a competent regulatory or judicial authority.
We undertake to comply with all legal rules that may prevent, restrict or regulate the disclosure of information or data and in particular to comply with applicable data protection regulations.
E. Security measures
Spendesk places the utmost importance on the security of the Personal Data entrusted to it. In accordance with the Personal Data Regulation, Spendesk undertakes to take all necessary precautions to preserve the security of the Personal Data and, in particular, to protect it against accidental or unlawful destruction, accidental loss, corruption, dissemination or unauthorised access, as well as against any other form of unlawful processing or disclosure to unauthorised persons.
As such, Spendesk:
implements security practices and measures in accordance with our industry standards to ensure the integrity, availability and confidentiality of your Personal Data;
implements a policy for managing rights to access your Personal Data based on the principle of least privilege, need to know and function (Role based Access Control);
implements technical and organisational measures and procedures to safeguard and preserve the Personal Data processed and ensures its confidentiality, in line with the access management policy;
ensures that it only uses partners and/or subcontractors that meet the security requirements requested by Spendesk;
performs regular security controls and audits on its systems to be able to attest to their robustness.
F. Hosting and transfer of Personal Data
The Personal Data processed by Spendesk is hosted on secure servers within the European Union.
In the event that Personal Data is transferred outside the European Union, Spendesk undertakes to implement the measures required by the Personal Data Regulation (transfer to a country designated as adequate by the European Commission, signature of the European Commission's Standard Contractual Clauses, additional security measures, etc.).
G. Your rights over your Personal Data
In accordance with the Personal Data Regulation, you have at any time a right of access, rectification, restriction, erasure and deletion of Personal Data concerning you, as well as a right to object and a right to portability.
You may also send us in advance your instructions regarding how your Personal Data is handled after your death.
To exercise your rights, or to learn more about them, you can contact our Data Protection Officer:
by post: Spendesk SAS - Data Protection Officer  (DPO) - 51 rue de Londres, 75008 Paris, France;
by email:
privacy@spendesk.com
We will respond to your request within thirty (30) days, possibly renewable, and may request a copy of your identity document for verification only.
However, we may not respond to some of your requests to exercise rights, in particular where the processing of your Personal Data is necessary for the performance of the current contract or the processing is carried out pursuant to a legal obligation applicable to Spendesk.
Regarding requests relating to the Personal Data processed as part of the Platform, you may at any time edit your personal identification data (title, first name, last name, email, telephone number, password) by logging into the “My profile” section of your account, in accordance with the Platform identification and use policy possibly implemented by your employer.
You can request the exercise of your rights by contacting your employer (data controller), as well as by writing to us directly at
privacy@spendesk.com
. We will inform your employer of the nature of your request and the action to take.
If you consider that Spendesk is not complying with its obligations regarding the protection of Personal Data or is failing to respond to your requests satisfactorily, You may refer the matter to the French supervisory authority - National Commission for Information Technology and Civil Liberties (CNIL) - via its website (
www.cnil.fr/en
) or by post (CNIL, Service des Plaintes, 3 place de Fontenoy - TSA 80715 -75334 Paris Cedex 07).
Lastly, in accordance with the provisions of article L.561-45 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, you must send your right of access request relating to the processing carried out as part of our obligations relating to AML-CFT indirectly to the French supervisory authority, the National Commission for Information Technology and Civil Liberties (CNIL).
To learn more about your Personal Data protection rights, visit the CNIL website at
www.cnil.fr/en
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.adyen.com/privacy-policy:
Transaction
Compliance obligations
Embedded financial products
Security
Marketing
Website
Other
Privacy Statement
Please read this privacy statement if you would like to know more about the way Adyen and its
group companies around the world
(hereinafter referred to as “Adyen” or “we”) collect and process your personal data. This privacy statement applies to the processing activities in which Adyen acts as a data controller.
It is important to us that your personal data is handled carefully, and that you are well informed about the way we process your personal data. This privacy statement tells you what data we process – including how, why and how long we process it for – and informs you of your data privacy rights.
Adyen reserves the right to update its privacy statement at any time. Such updates will be made and posted on our publicly available website
https://www.adyen.com/privacy-policy
.
Version as of June 4, 2024.
Download as PDF
Hi there,
We have updated our Privacy Statement as of the June 4, 2024. To read the previous (March 2023) version, please click
here
.
General information
Adyen is a financial technology company operating under a banking license. This means that Adyen provides its customers with payments and other financial products, including payments processing for its customers and platforms via credit card, bank transfer, and other payment methods, card issuing, (merchant) bank accounts, fraud detection, and other financial services. It is also important to note that Adyen N.V. is supervised by the Dutch Central Bank as a regulated bank under Dutch law. In addition, Adyen and its group companies are supervised by various regulators and authorities, as applicable, around the globe.
You may have seen Adyen on your bank statements if you have bought something, automatically renewed a subscription, or received a payout from one of Adyen’s customers. If you would like more information about any of these charges, you can use
Adyen’s Look Up Charge Tool
.
If you would like to exercise your
data subject rights
(outlined below) under data privacy law, please use
Adyen’s Privacy Form
.
You may have the following rights regarding your personal data, subject to to certain exceptions:
Right to access
: You may have the right to ask us for the specific personal data that we have collected from you in a portable and (where technically possible) usable format.
Right to know
: You may have the right to verify that we have collected personal data about you, as well as know what personal data we have collected about you. This includes, as applicable, the categories of personal data we have collected, the sources from which we collected that personal data, the business or commercial purposes for which we collected, “sold”, and “shared” that personal data, the categories of personal data that we “sold”, “shared”, or disclosed to third parties for business purposes and the categories of third parties to whom we “sold”, “shared”, or disclosed personal data. You can also contact us if you want to know more about the data we process for our legitimate interests.
Right to deletion
: You may be entitled to request that we delete the personal data that we have collected from you. We will use all commercially reasonable efforts to honor your request, in compliance with applicable laws. Please note, however, that we may need or be required to keep such information, such as for our legitimate business purposes, or to comply with applicable laws.
Right to opt-out of sales and sharing of personal data to third parties for cross-context behavioral advertising:
You are entitled to opt-out of sales of your personal data to third parties and to opt-out of the sharing of your personal data to third parties for cross-context behavioral advertising, if applicable. You can opt-out of sales and sharing of your personal data by visiting our Cookies Policy and disabling the ‘Sale or Share of Personal Data’ toggle in the Cookies Preference Center,  or by contacting us using one of the methods below. If you have enabled the Global Privacy Control mechanism on your browser, device, or platform, you will automatically be opted out of any “sharing” when you use our website. Adyen seamlessly processes the Global Privacy Control (GPC) signal if enabled on your browser, device, or platform. Please visit
this page
to learn more about enabling the GPC.
Right to object to the processing of your personal data:
You are entitled to object to us processing your personal data. In addition, where you have given your consent for us to process personal data, you can withdraw this consent at any time. Please note that Adyen maintains a record of withdrawals of consent to ensure that we do not contact you in the future.
Right to opt-out of profiling:
As defined under privacy laws, Adyen may profile customers to determine their eligibility for certain financial products, or to offer them certain financial services. Please note that opting-out of profiling will mean that you are no longer eligible for these financial products or services.
Right to correct your personal data:
You may have the right to update inaccurate information that we process about you.
Right to exercise rights without discrimination
: You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment if you exercise the rights conferred to you by applicable privacy laws.
These rights may be limited under applicable laws, and are also subject to technical feasibility. For example, if we collect your personal data in our role as a service provider to one of our customers, you will need to contact that customer directly to exercise your rights.
Please note that we may require additional information from you to verify your identity and process your request. Alternatively, you can submit a request through an authorized representative using the contact methods described below. If you use an authorized representative, we may require a copy of their signed permission to act on your behalf. We may also need to verify your identity directly and ask you to confirm the representative’s authority.
To exercise your rights, your information will be disclosed to our privacy management third-party service provider. Please be informed that Adyen has implemented the appropriate safeguards to ensure your information is adequately protected.
Some of the information you send us may be disclosed to other Adyen group companies outside of the European Economic Area ("EEA"). These countries encompass the countries in which we have operations (you can find a full list
here
).
If you are a resident in Quebec, some of the information you send us may be disclosed to Adyen group companies outside of Quebec.
To protect your data when it is transferred to countries outside of the EEA, we have implemented appropriate safeguards. When we transfer data to our Adyen group companies, the transfers are protected by an intragroup agreement containing Standard Contractual Clauses. For transfers to our services providers located outside of the EEA, we rely on Standard Contractual Clauses. If you would like to know more about these safeguards, you can contact us using the details below, under “Contact us”.
We use third parties to offer you our website, as well as our products and services. Where necessary, we will disclose your information to our service providers and professional advisers (e.g. IT providers, KYC partners, CRM providers, marketing support providers (such as agencies that manage our social media accounts), social media providers such as LinkedIn, analysts, customer service providers, business development providers and legal service providers). We have established agreements with our service providers to protect your personal data.
If our business is sold or integrated with another business, your details will be disclosed to our advisers and any prospective purchaser’s advisers, and will be passed to the new owners of the business.
We may disclose information to third parties in connection with legal claims, or when we have a legal obligation to do so. We may also disclose information with your permission (such as if we wish to disclose your details with another group company for their recruitment purposes).
The table below provides a summary of the categories of personal data that we collect and disclose to service providers and other third parties.
Name, date of birth, contact information, bank account number, tax identification number, nationality and national identification number, and job title, including biometric data. Birth certificates for parents or guardians of minors (children ages 13-17).
When you sign up for Adyen services. We are legally obliged to collect this information.
Adyen discloses this information to identity and verify providers and screening partners, including credit reference agencies, and may disclose this information to regulatory authorities upon request or for mandated reporting. Adyen may disclose this information to payment schemes, local payment providers, debt collecting agencies, and other third-party service providers, depending on the services acquired. Adyen may also make such information available to Platform customers you have signed up with.
Your name, business email, phone number, company name, and website.
When you fill out our sales form and when we  communicate with you. Adyen collects this information for marketing purposes, and for providing our products and services.
Adyen discloses this information with our customer relationship management (“CRM”) service providers so they can reach out and further build a relationship.
Name, bank account numbers and credit card numbers.
When you sign up for Adyen services. Adyen is legally obliged to collect this information, and it also helps us to provide our products and services.
Adyen discloses this information with customers for our embedded financial products, card printing partners for our  Issuing product, and with law enforcement agencies in compliance with legal orders.
Credit card details, debit card details, transaction amount, date and time of transaction.
When you purchase a good  or a service from an Adyen customer. Adyen collects this information for the purpose of providing our products and services.
Adyen discloses this information to our customers in our Customer Area, to authorities pursuant to legal orders, and to the selected payment schemes, such as Visa and Mastercard, and local payment methods upon request. Adyen may disclose this information to regulatory authorities upon request or for mandated reporting.
Cookies
When you visit Adyen’s website. Adyen collects this information for marketing purposes.
Adyen discloses this information to IT providers, CRM providers, social media providers, and advertising networks for its own advertising purposes.
Social Security number, driver’s license, or identification document, and passport.
When you sign up for Adyen services. Adyen is legally obliged to collect this information.
Adyen discloses this information to identity verification providers, including credit reference agencies, to tax authorities as legally required, and regulatory authorities upon request or for mandated reporting.
Adyen does not use or disclose this sensitive personal information for any other purpose.
Adyen does not knowingly “sell” or “share” the personal data of individuals under 16 years of age.
We reserve the right to use de-identified or aggregated data for any purpose without limitation, and we will not attempt to re-identify the information.
We will only keep your data for as long as we reasonably need to for the purposes listed above, or as otherwise required by law.
Questions, comments, requests, or complaints concerning this privacy statement or the way we process your personal data are welcomed and can be addressed to our Data Protection Officer at
dpo@adyen.com
or  Simon Carmiggeltstraat 5-60, 1011 DJ Amsterdam, the Netherlands, or to
lgpd@adyen.com
if you are located in Brazil.
If you would like further details on any of the third parties your personal data is “sold” to or “shared” with, would like to know the purpose of their data processing, the manner in which data is processed, or how you can communicate with such third party to exercise your data privacy rights, please contact
dpo@adyen.com
, or
lgpd@adyen.com
if you are located in Brazil.
If you have a complaint about the way we handle your personal data, you also have the right to address this to the data protection authority of the country in which you live or work, or the country in which we are located.
Learn more
Transaction
Compliance obligations
Embedded financial products
Security
Marketing
Website
Other
Cookie Policy
You can read more about how we use cookies, how we share your data with our partners, and how you can change your settings on our Cookie Policy. To learn what personal information we collect about you, the purpose we process your data for, and how you can opt-out of the sales or sharing of your personal information, please see our
Accept All Cookies
Reject All
Cookies Settings
Your Opt Out Preference Signal is Honored
Cookie Preference Center
When you visit our website, we may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to do. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. For more information, please see our
Cookie Policy
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Social Media Cookies
We only place social media cookies if you have given us your permission to do this. Social Media cookies collect information about your browsing habits in order to make our content and advertising as relevant to you and your interests as possible. These cookies are also used to help us measure the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns by tracking the number of clicks. The cookies are usually placed by third party advertising networks. They remember the websites you visit and use this information to give you access to interesting and exciting content on our website and to show you more personalized adverts when you visit other websites. These cookies also help improve your browsing experience, for example by helping to prevent the same advertisement from reappearing to you. Additionally, social media platforms such as Facebook and Twitter can use cookies to see if you are logged in and allow you to "like" content or forward it to your friends. Depending on your settings, these third parties may use your information for their own purposes, such as advertising. If you would like to know more how these social media platforms use data, please refer to the privacy notices of these platforms.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-policy 1
https://suttonbank.com/_/kcms-doc/85/84421/PrivacyPolicy2024.pdf:

Sub-policy 2
https://www.dwolla.com/legal/privacy:
Opens in a new window
Opens an external website
Opens an external website in a new window
Close this dialog
This website utilizes technologies such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as for analytics, personalization, and targeted advertising.
You may change your settings at any time or accept the default settings.
You may close this banner to continue with only essential cookies.
Privacy Policy
Storage Preferences
Targeted Advertising
Personalization
Analytics
Save
Accept All
Reject All
Last Updated: December 30, 2022
Dwolla, Inc. (“Dwolla”) is committed to protecting your privacy and earning your trust. This Privacy Policy discloses our privacy practices for personal information we collect when you use or access our products, services, features, or content through any Dwolla website (including
https://www.dwolla.com
), collectively the “Dwolla Sites”), any Dwolla application or service (“Dwolla Services”), or when you apply or express interest in employment with or are employed by Dwolla (“Dwolla Employment”).
We may, in our sole discretion, change this Privacy Policy from time to time by posting a revised version at
www.dwolla.com/legal/privacy
. If we make any material change to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by posting a notice on
www.dwolla.com/legal/privacy
prior to the change becoming effective and may also elect to send you an email notifying you of the policy modifications.Your access and use of the Dwolla Sites, Dwolla Services, Dwolla Employment, and submission of data to us, constitutes your acceptance of this Privacy Policy and consent to the uses set forth in this Privacy Policy.
Categories of Personal Information
Dwolla User
Applicant/
Employee
Identifiers,
such as a real name, postal address, phone number, date of birth, email address, account name, device identifier, online identifier, signature, username, log-in credentials, social media handle or other similar identifiers.
X
X
Government Issued Identifiers,
such as your social security, driver’s license, state identification card, or passport number.
X
X
Demographic Information
, such as your membership in a protected class when you apply for or are employed by Dwolla.
X
Geolocation Data,
including information that permits us to determine your location, such as if you manually provide location information or if you use a device (based on a browser or device’s IP address) to access the Dwolla Sites, Dwolla Services, or in connection with Dwolla Employment.
X
X
Inferences
about preferences from cookies and site usage, including those used to gauge interest in obtaining Dwolla Services. We may also collect inferences drawn from the other listed categories of information that we collect.
X
X
Financial Information
, such as your full bank account number if you choose to use it with the Dwolla Services or are employed by Dwolla
X
X
Commercial Information,
such as your transaction history and details.
X
Audio, Electronic, Visual, or Similar Information
when you use the Dwolla Sites, Services, and apply for or are employed by Dwolla. This may include communications, recordings, and images n that you provide to Dwolla via phone, email, video, online form, or other correspondence.
X
X
Internet activity,
when you use a device to access the Dwolla Sites or Dwolla Services, we may collect your IP address, the type of device you use, your device identifier, your operating system version, the type of browser you use, your location, and the URL that you came from and the next URL that you visit and similar data. Dwolla uses analytics software to allow us to better understand the functionality of the Dwolla Sites and for marketing and advertising purposes.
We may record information such as how often you use the Dwolla Sites, the events that occur with such use, aggregated usage, and performance data.
X
X
Professional or Employment-Related Information
any information you submit in connection with the Dwolla Employment, such as basic identifying information, your photo, contact details, education, professional qualifications, work experience, current/former employer, educational background, work experience, and other experience. This may also include information in your application from your resume or information collected as part of the interview process, such as notes taken from your interview. If you apply for Dwolla Employment or are employed by Dwolla, we may collect your health and medical data, such as information on a disability for purposes of accommodating your application and interview, and race/ethnicity data, or other personal information that you voluntarily provide to Dwolla, such as veteran status. We may also collect your credit information and criminal record information from our service providers who perform pre-employment background checks.
X
We collect your personal information in the table listed above from various sources. For example, we collect and obtain information:
Directly from you.
We collect personal information you provide to us, such as when you create an account, communicate with us via phone, email, online video, online form, or in any other way in connection with Dwolla Services or Dwolla Employment.
From third parties
. We collect personal information stored with third parties that you choose to provide to Dwolla, such as information you may have provided to a third party application that you authorized to provide information to Dwolla. By linking your third party accounts, you authorize Dwolla to have access to this information and you agree that Dwolla may collect and use this information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We may also collect your personal information from third parties such as financial institutions, data aggregators, credit bureaus, law enforcement, identity verification and fraud prevention services, pre-employment background check companies, social media platforms, as well as advertising, marketing, and analytics companies.
When you visit the Dwolla Sites.
We use analytics software when you visit the Dwolla Sites. Our analytics providers may also use analytics software to collect information on our behalf. For more information, see how Dwolla uses cookies, web beacons, and similar tracking technology below.
Over the past twelve months, and on an ongoing basis, we may use the information we collect about you to do the following.
To research, develop, customize and improve your experience with the Dwolla Sites and Dwolla Services as well as to improve our customer database to determine customer demand.
Provide the Dwolla Services to you.
Validate your account.
Notify you about your account activity.
Process transactions and collect fees.
Provide customer support and resolve disputes.
Verify your identity, contact, and account information.
Identify, prevent, and report potentially prohibited, fraudulent, or illegal activities.
Notify you about important changes to the Dwolla Services and/or Dwolla’s terms and conditions.
To promote, market, and advertise the Dwolla Services or Dwolla Employment.
To notify you about your payment and/or payment request.
We may also provide you with news, offers, and information about the Dwolla Services based on your communications preferences.
Comply with legal and regulatory obligations under applicable law or any other purpose that we disclose to you in the course of providing the Dwolla Sites or Dwolla Services.
We may also merge or otherwise combine your information in furtherance of the purposes above.
If you apply for or are employed by Dwolla, we may also use your information for the following purposes:
To develop and improve your experience with Dwolla Employment including to generate analytics.
To process your application, assess your qualifications or to communicate with you about Dwolla Employment.
To administer pay and other benefits that are a part of your employment package.
To provide general business management and operation.
For accounting, financial reporting and business planning.
To ensure your safety and the security of Dwolla-held information.
To perform pre-employment background checks where permitted by law.
To comply with legal and regulatory obligations under applicable law or any other purpose that we disclose to you in the course of providing Dwolla Employment.
For any purpose as reasonably required by Dwolla in connection with your application for and during the course of your employment with Dwolla.
We may also merge or otherwise combine your information in furtherance of the purposes above.
Over the past twelve months, and on an ongoing basis, we may share identifiers, government issued identifiers, demographic data, geolocation data, inferences, financial information, commercial information, audio, electronic, visual information, internet activity, and professional or employment-related information for the following business purposes:
When you send or receive money using the Dwolla Services, we will provide the other party to the financial transaction appropriate details about the transaction.
If your payment to another Dwolla user fails, we may provide that user with details of the unsuccessful payment.
With financial institutions and other partners that are part of the payment process.
With our service providers to provide, maintain, and improve Dwolla Services and Dwolla Employment, including for fraud prevention, identity verification, auditing, marketing, advertising, analytics, maintenance, security, or for other related business purposes as determined appropriate by Dwolla. We strive to contractually prohibit these service providers from retaining, using, or disclosing your personal information for any purpose other than performing agreed upon services for us.
To the extent analytics software is used to improve the functionality of the Dwolla Sites, analytics providers may receive information about your use and interaction with the software in order to assist Dwolla with providing and improving the Dwolla Sites and the Dwolla Services.
If you are offered or accept Dwolla Employment we may share your information with credit bureaus, pre-employment background check providers.
Other than as stated in this Privacy Policy, Dwolla does not disclose, share or sell any of your personal information to third parties without your consent. Please note that third parties, such as merchants that you pay and third party websites that you visit, have their own privacy policies. Dwolla is not responsible for the policies and practices of such third parties and we encourage you to review their privacy policies.
Dwolla may release information to third parties upon your request. For example, you may authorize a Dwolla integrating partner to access your personal and business information.
Dwolla may release your information to governmental, legal, or regulatory authorities if we believe disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with any applicable law, legal process, or government request; to investigate or bring legal action against someone who may be violating our rights, our terms and conditions, or the rights of others; or to protect the safety and security of Dwolla, our users, or the public.
Dwolla may also share individual personal information and aggregated, non-personally identifiable information with third parties who provide analytics, marketing and advertising services. For more information, see how Dwolla uses cookies, web beacons, and similar tracking technology below.
Dwolla may also release your information to an acquirer if we are involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of our stock or assets. If this occurs, you will be notified of any change to this Privacy Policy, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.
Dwolla also uses Track Technologies, Inc. dba Abound (“Abound”) to provide tax or financial related services and are for informational purposes only and provided to you AS IS and without warranty or guarantee. Consult a tax or legal professional or provider before filing your annual tax returns. By using the Dwolla Services, you grant Dwolla and Abound the right, power, and authority to access and transmit your personal and financial information that you provide to Dwolla. You agree to your personal and financial information being transferred, stored, and processed by Abound in accordance with the
Abound Privacy Policy
.
Dwolla does not “sell” or “share” any of your sensitive personal information (e.g. social security number, driver’s license number, financial information, etc.). Dwolla only uses your sensitive personal information to the extent necessary to provide the Dwolla Services or Dwolla Employment.
Over the past twelve months, and on an ongoing basis, we and our third party providers use cookies and similar tracking technologies that allow us and our social media, marketing, analytics, and advertising partners to collect certain personal information, such as identifiers, inferences, and internet activity, about visitors to the Site. This information may be used for various purposes, including analytics, marketing, advertising, and to provide you with customized content and experiences. Some transfers of such personal information are considered “selling” or “sharing” under applicable law (e.g. CCPA). This may include the use of cookies and similar tracking technologies.
In order to use Dwolla Services to transfer funds through the U.S. monetary system, a user must comply with applicable federal laws and rules. These applicable laws and rules may require the disclosure and retention of information regarding the identity of senders and recipients of funds.
Dwolla will not discriminate against you for exercising any rights you may have under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) or any other applicable law or rule. Dwolla does not base its prices or the quality of its services on the exercise or non-exercise of legal privacy rights.
As reflected above, Dwolla and its advertising, marketing, analytics and fraud prevention providers (e.g. Google Analytics) use technologies such as cookies, beacons, tags, and scripts, to analyze trends, administer the website, track users’ movements around the website, and to gather information about Dwolla’s user base, and we may receive such information on an individual and aggregated basis from such providers.
We use cookies to provide you with a personalized experience by recognizing you when you return to the Dwolla Sites; better understand our users by tracking how they use the Dwolla Services; improve the design and content of the Dwolla Sites by tracking how users interact with the Dwolla Sites; and identify and prevent fraudulent activity. You can change your browser settings, send an opt out preference signal, or select the “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” link at the bottom of the webpage.
We may gather certain information about our website visitors automatically and store it in log files. This information may include Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data. We may combine this automatically collected log information with other information we collect about you in order to provide and improve the Dwolla Services.
We may partner with a third party to manage our advertising on other sites. Our third party partners may use technologies such as cookies to gather information about your activities on this website and other sites in order to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests. If you do not want your information to be used for the purpose of serving you interest-based ads, you may opt-out by selecting the “Do Not Sell or Share My Information Link below. This does not opt you out of being served ads and you will continue to receive generic ads.
The Dwolla Sites may include social media features that allow you to “Like” or share content on third party sites. These features may be hosted by the third party sites or the Dwolla Sites, and may collect your IP address, the Dwolla Site page you are visiting, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function. This Privacy Policy does not apply to third party cookies, web beacons, social media features and widgets (such as the Facebook Like button), or other tracking technologies used by third parties without connection to Dwolla or websites you may travel to upon following hyperlinks on Dwolla’s Sites. Dwolla is not responsible for the privacy policies and practices of such third parties.
If you prefer not to receive promotional emails from Dwolla, click on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any promotional email that we send you to remove your email address from future promotional email campaigns. If you have difficulty with the unsubscribe process, contact us at
privacy@dwolla.com
.
We have security measures in place to protect your personal information, including the use of industry-standard data encryption technology and internal policies and restrictions regarding the storage of and access to your personal information. Please note that no data transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Dwolla’s servers and business operations are entirely located in the United States. If you have any questions about the security of your personal information, you can contact us at
security@dwolla.com
.
Dwolla Clients should notify Dwolla immediately of a change in your information by contacting
support@dwolla.com
. If you access your Dwolla account through a Dwolla Client, you must contact the Dwolla Client to update your account information. Due to regulatory requirements, Dwolla is unable to accept direct requests to modify your data related to your Dwolla account.
We retain your personal information for so long as we are providing the Dwolla Services to you or for a period during which we reasonably anticipate providing the Services. Even after we stop providing Dwolla Services directly to you, and even if you close your Dwolla account, we retain some of your personal information in order to comply with legal and regulatory obligations of Dwolla and its Financial Institution Partners. We may also retain it to allow for fraud monitoring, detection and prevention activities. We also keep personal information to comply with our tax, accounting, and financial reporting obligations, where we are required to retain the data by our contractual commitments to our financial partners, and where data retention is mandated by the payment methods you used. In cases where we keep personal data, including, data involving Dwolla Employment, we do so in accordance with any limitation periods and record retention obligations that are in line with recommended practices and imposed by applicable law.
Dwolla is a general audience website. Dwolla does not knowingly collect any personal information from anyone under the age of 13. Dwolla does not knowingly sell or share personal information from anyone under the 16 years of age.
If you are a resident of a state that has adopted privacy regulation, you may have additional certain rights regarding your personal information. This includes:
Right to Know
– You may have the right to know what personal information we collected about you, including the categories of personal information, the categories of sources from which it is collected, the business or commercial purposes for collecting, selling, or sharing it, and the categories of third parties to whom we disclose it.
Right to Access and Data Portability
– You may have the right to request a copy of the personal information that we collected about you during the 12 months before your request.
Right to Deletion
– You may have the right to request that we delete information that we collected from you and retained.
Right to Opt Out of Selling or Sharing
– You may have the right to opt-out of having your personal information sold or shared. To opt-out, click the “Do Not Share My Personal Information” link on the bottom of the webpage. Some web browsers allow consumers to automatically exercise their right to opt-out of sale/sharing with all businesses they interact with online by initiating an opt-out preference signal. We will honor such opt-out preference signals.
In order to request, deletion or a copy of your personal information, you may forward verifiable consumer requests to Dwolla through one of the following methods:
Calling Dwolla at
1-888-289-8744;
Submitting a written request using this
form
.
Only you, or someone legally permitted to act upon your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request. For example, you may make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
In order to submit a verifiable consumer request to Dwolla, the request must both provide sufficient detail for Dwolla to be able to appropriately ascertain your identity and give sufficient clarity for Dwolla to understand the nature of the request. Dwolla will determine the criteria for a verifiable consumer request based upon the nature of the request and account.
If you have submitted a verifiable consumer request, Dwolla will respond in a timely manner consistent with applicable law. If Dwolla is unable to verify or denies your request, Dwolla will submit an appropriate response. If you would like to appeal our decision to deny your request, please do so by using the secure messaging portal that we emailed to you after you submitted a data subject rights request. If you have any questions or concerns please email us at
privacy@dwolla.com
.
Do Not Track signals are a web browser setting or mechanism used to indicate to web sites that a visitor does not want their online activity tracked. As of the effective date of this Privacy Statement, Dwolla does not currently respond to Do Not Track signals.