Effective: March 4th, 202
4.
The bottom line:
You like to play good games. We like to make better games. That is why we are going to use your data, including data that identify you or may be used to identify you (personal data). Otherwise, we think you would have much less fun in our games. We are not going to sell your personal data to anyone unless you agree for this separately (there will be a prompt), but we may share it with our partners. You have control over what is going on with your personal data.
1.
What is this?
Here we explain what we do with your personal data, why we do it and what rights do you have while we process your personal data. Please, read this policy carefully.
2.
Who are we?
We are a group of companies with headquarters in Cracow, Poland, each of which is a publisher of some of our games. When we say “
we
” or “
Rage Quit Games
”, we refer to one of these companies. To make this easier, we have adopted
one privacy policy
for all of our companies and services. There is also one, common way to contact us.
Please, expand this section to see which of our companies is a controller of your personal data.
[EXPAND]
● When you play
the Wolf, the Tiger, Cat Simulator 2, the Cheetah
or
Panther Online
or ask a question related to these games,
the controller of your personal data is
Swift Apps spółka z ograniczoną odpowiedzialnością sp.k.
with a seat in Cracow, Poland
at the address: ul. Eljasza Walerego Radzikowskiego 3, 31-305 Cracow, entered in the register of entrepreneurs maintained by the District Court for Kraków-Śródmieście in Cracow, 11th Commercial Division of the National Court Register with number 0000555791, NIP (tax identification number): 6772389395, REGON (statistical number): 361387746.
● When you play
Evil Lands: Online Action RPG
or
Tomorrow
or ask a question related to these games,
the controller of your personal data is
Rage Quit Games spółka z ograniczoną odpowiedzialnością sp.k.
with a seat in Cracow, Poland at the address: ul. Eljasza Walerego Radzikowskiego 3, 31-305 Cracow, entered in the register of entrepreneurs maintained by the District Court for Kraków-Śródmieście in Cracow, 11th Commercial Division of the National Court Register with number 0000777897, NIP (tax identification number): 9452226606, REGON (statistical number): 382888363.
● When you play
Cat Simulator, Cat Simulator 3D, Dog Simulator
or ask a question related to these games,
the controller of your personal data is
Swift Apps sp. z o.o.
with a seat in Cracow, Poland at the address: ul. Eljasza Walerego Radzikowskiego 3, 31-305 Cracow, entered in the register of entrepreneurs maintained by the District Court for Kraków-Śródmieście in Cracow, 11th Commercial Division of the National Court Register with number 0000448325, NIP (tax identification number): 6751486696, REGON (statistical number): 122769832.
●
In any other case
(e.g. when you visit our website),
the controller of your data is
Swift Apps spółka z ograniczoną odpowiedzialnością sp.k.
with a seat in Cracow, Poland
at the address: ul. Eljasza Walerego Radzikowskiego 3, 31-305 Cracow, entered in the register of entrepreneurs maintained by the District Court for Kraków-Śródmieście in Cracow, 11th Commercial Division of the National Court Register with number 0000555791, NIP (tax identification number): 6772389395, REGON (statistical number): 361387746.
3.
How to contact us?
● We have adopted one, common way to contact us for all privacy questions, which is
through the following e-mail address:
privacy@ragequitgames.com
● For privacy related questions you can also contact us by post directed to the following address: ul. Eljasza Walerego Radzikowskiego 3, 31-305 Cracow, Poland.
● You can also contact a Data Protection Officer appointed for an organization, as follows:
Data Protection Officer for Rage Quit Games spółka z ograniczoną odpowiedzialnością sp.k.
Data Protection Officer for Swift Apps spółka z ograniczoną odpowiedzialnością sp.k.
Monika Gierałtowska-Karpowicz
Monika Gierałtowska-Karpowicz
dpo@ragequitgames.com
dpo@swiftapps.pl
4.
What do we do with your personal data?
There are many situations when we process your personal data. The types of personal data we process and the reasons for it will differ.
4.1.
When you play our games
4.1.1.
What personal data do we process when you play our games?
● While you play one of our games we will automatically collect data about you, some of which will be personal data. These are
app usage data
(such as system language or device model),
unique identifiers
(such as your advertising IDs or identifiers we assign to you),
your location
(only as derived from your IP address),
information about in-app purchases
you made in our games,
your
age
,
chat history
and the
username
you decided to use in the game.
● If you choose to set up an account with us using your email address, we will also process
your email address and password
(although we cannot see the latter).
● If you choose to set up an account with us using a third-party service such as Facebook, Google or Apple, we will also briefly process your
name, surname and profile picture
or username
(depending on the service you chose). We will only use it to verify that you are a user of this external service and to generate a unique identifier which will allow us to create an account for you or to connect an existing account to this service. We will not store the data received from third parties (your name, surname and profile picture or username) on our side.
4.1.2.
Why do we process your personal data when you play our games?
●
To provide our games to you.
These are things
such as facilitating gameplay (so your progress is not lost when you close the game, for example), multiplayer functions (making people see your avatar in game and interact with you) or in-app purchases in our in-game stores. In other words, without this personal data our games would not work.
●
To enable the social functionalities of our games
. For example, we may display your character name, unique identifiers, country and region on our leaderboards. We may share some of your personal data on social media. This may be the case if you take part in any of our competitions, or leaderboards. Your character name is also displayed in our in-game chat.
●
To see if our games work correctly and understand how you like to play our games
. We use data from such analytics for the improvement of our games. This may also result in an offer in our in-game store tailored to what we think you may currently need.
●
To combat hacking, toxicity online and crime
. This will happen when you get reported by another player or our systems will detect suspicious activity made with the use of your account or device.
4.1.3.
Will we sell your personal data or share it with others?
●
We may share your personal data with advertisement intermediaries, who communicate with advertisers a
nd with our partners
.
Advertising providers are going to decide what ad will be shown to you based on data (including personal data) collected about you in our game and through other activities you engage in online. We are not communicating with advertisers on our own and we are not the controller of the personal data processing done for this purpose. We simply pass over your personal data to a third party arranging the ad, provided we have your consent. Sharing data with advertisement intermediaries will happen only when you give us separate consent (there will be a prompt).
●
We will share your personal data with our partners that assist us with business analytics.
This is for the purpose of conducting successful marketing campaigns for our Services. You can find a full list of our partners (alongside instructions on how to opt out from business analytics)
here
.
● As we are a tight group of companies,
we may be transferring your personal data within our group of companies
. Your data may also be stored by one of our service providers serving as a data processor.
4.1.4.
Can you turn this off?
● Yes. Even if you agreed for your personal data to be shared with advertisers, you can turn this off at any time later (see the ‘How to turn off ad tracking’). Please, note that the change may not have an immediate effect.
● You can also turn off push notifications we send to your device (see ’How to turn off push notifications’ below).
● Some of the personal data we use is necessary for our games to work and you may not be able to turn off the processing by yourself. If you wish your data to be removed from our games completely, please see ‘How do I exercise my rights’ below. Please, note that this will result in losing your account and any progress you have made in the game.
4.2.
When you contact us
4.2.1.
What personal data do we process?
● When you contact us, you are likely to share with us your
email address
,
in-game unique identifiers
,
your character name, nickname, age and discord handle
. You may also choose to provide more personal data in your correspondence with us.
● Please note that
some of your personal data is also publicly available in our games
(like your character name or friend ID / player tag) and it may be
shared with us by another player
(for example, as part of their customer support ticket description).
4.2.2.
Why do we process your personal data?
● We process this personal data to
respond to your query
and to resolve a request made by you or someone else.
● We may also process your personal data in case your correspondence with us is a
part of a hacking case
or
reported suspicious activity
.
4.2.3.
Will we share this personal data with anyone else?
As a general rule, we would not give personal data you share by contacting us with anyone other than GDPR-trained people in our organization who need to know it. An exception would be if there is a legal reason for us to do so. This may happen when your ticket or message is a part of an investigation conducted by law enforcement or by the authorities.
4.3.
When you visit our website
●
Our website uses cookies
, which are small, often encrypted text files, located in browser directories. They are used by web developers to help users navigate their websites efficiently and perform certain functions. If you would like to know more about cookies please visit
this website
.
● Our website uses only these cookies which are necessary for it to function properly. These are the unique session identifiers.
Phpsessid
Random identifier sent by the server based on which it is possible to identify the unique website session.
Valid until the session ends.
Rodocookiesettings
Your cookies consent list.
Valid for a year upon creation.
● Some additional cookies are used by our Help Center which are necessary for it to function properly. Please see them below:
_cf_bm
This Cloudflare cookie helps manage incoming traffic that matches criteria associated with bots.
If interested to learn more, Cloudflare provides further detail about some of their Cookies on the Cloudflare website here:
Understanding the Cloudflare Cookies
Duration: 30 minutes
_cfruid
Cloudflare cookie used in cases where multiple users are hidden behind the same client IP address. Each user will have a unique cookie to help prevent a case of rate limiting all users if one particular user hits the rate limit threshold.
Valid until the session ends.
_zendesk_session
Stores account ID, route for internal service calls and the cross-site request forgery token.
Duration: 8 hours
_zendesk_shared_session
Authentication cookie – set to be anonymous
Duration: 8 hours
cf_clearance
This is a clearance cookie that stores the proof that a Javascript or Captcha challenge has been passed. The purpose of the cookie is to ensure that Captcha or Javascript challenges are no longer issued if the challenge has already been passed. It is required in order to reach the origin server.
The storage duration is dependent on the your browser policy.
cf_chl_2, cf_chl_cc_*, cf_chl_seq_*, cf_chl_prog
Used by Cloudflare for the execution of Javascript or Captcha challenges. These cookies are not used for tracking or beyond the scope of the challenge
The storage duration is dependent on the your browser policy.
_help_center_session
Stores unique session key for Help Center Functionality.
Valid until the session ends.
OptanonConsent
This cookie is set by the cookie compliance solution from OneTrust. It stores information about the categories of cookies the site uses and whether visitors have given or withdrawn consent for the use of each category. This enables site owners to prevent cookies in each category from being set in the users browser, when consent is not given. It contains no information that can identify the site visitor. Read the OneTrust privacy policy and cookie policy.
1 year
OptanonAlertBoxClosed
This cookie is set by websites using certain versions of the cookie law compliance solution from OneTrust. It is set after visitors have seen a cookie information notice and in some cases only when they actively close the notice down. It enables the website not to show the message more than once to a user. The cookie contains no personal information. Read the OneTrust privacy policy and cookie policy.
1 year
4.4.
When a third party shares your data with us
4.4.1.
What data do we process?
We may receive some of your data from third parties
, such as Facebook. For instance, this may happen when you click on an advertisement for one of our games visible on your wall. If you do so, Facebook will send us your personal data, such as your
unique advertising identifiers
.
Also, when you decide to create an account using third-party services (Facebook, Google, Apple) or to connect an existing account to one of those services the third party you chose will share some personal data they collected with us (
your name, surname and profile picture or username
).
4.4.2.
Why do we process your personal data?
We will use personal data obtained from third parties to
identify you
as a user coming to us from a certain marketing campaign. This is done to see if our marketing campaigns are effective. We will not use personal data obtained this way for any other purpose.
We may also use personal data obtained from third parties to
create an account
for you or to
connect an existing account
to one of third-party services.
5.
Why can we process your personal data?
●
Because we “have a deal”.
When accessing our games, writing to us or simply browsing this website, our
Terms and Conditions
apply. In some cases, we may also ask you to accept these terms through a checkbox. The Terms and Condition are a contract between you and us and we can process your personal data to perform it (e.g. allow you to access our games).
●
Because it is in our legitimate interest.
This is a fancy legal term for things which benefit us or someone else and which we can do as long as it is not disproportionate to your rights. A good example of activities we do in our legitimate interest is analyzing your activity in our games. In other words, we can analyze how you play our game and prepare an offer specifically for you in our in-game store. We can also process your personal data for legal reasons (if we are defending ourselves in court or are involved in other proceedings).
●
Because it is in the other people’s legitimate interest.
This may happen when we take action to combat cheating in our games or receive a ticket about toxic behavior in our games. This may apply even if your personal data is shared with us by someone other than you.
●
Because you agreed.
In some cases we ask you to agree for processing of your personal data by us through a checkbox. We may also do this for someone else (e.g. when we ask you to agree to passing your personal data over to advertising intermediaries).
●
Because we may have to
. This will happen if we, for example, are asked by the police or any other authorities to share your personal data or where we have a legal duty to process your data.
6.
Will we do any profiling?
We may have in-game offerings prepared for groups of users and this may be influenced by your personal data. For example, the availability of certain in-game offers may be determined by your location (area). That said, we do not prepare any in-game offerings specifically for you based on your personal data. Should this ever change, we will let you know beforehand by updating this privacy policy.
7.
Do you have any control over all of this?
Yes, you do! There are options for you available through privacy laws and technology used for providing online games. Please, see them below.
7.1.
Your rights
●
You have the right to know how and why your data is being processed
and we try our best to explain it in this policy. Let us know if you have any questions at privacy@ragequitgames.com.
●
You can request a full copy of your personal data
that we process.
●
You have the right to be forgotten
, which means we will delete all your personal data when you ask us to do so. This will however result in losing all of your progress and account being deleted.
●
You have the right to revise your data
if any of it is incorrect.
●
You can ask us to  limit processing of your data
if you believe we use more data than we should. In such a case we will stop or limit the processing your personal data in order to investigate.
●
You can also ask us to stop the processing of your data
which we process in our legitimate interest or in other people’s legitimate interest. You can request this if you believe that in your particular situation it shouldn’t be processed.
●
You have the right to withdraw your consent
for processing of your personal data. Please, note that this will not influence the processing done before your consent is withdrawn. There may also be another basis for us that will allow us to continue to process your personal data.
●
You can also ask us to share a copy of your data with a third party
so it can be easily transferred to another system (
data portability
).
7.2.
How to turn off ad tracking?
● Instructions on how to turn off ad tracking depends on your device. You can do this on both iOS and Android devices. Please see the guidelines on how to do this for
iOS devices
– and for
Android devices
.
● Please, note that turning off the ad tracking may not have an immediate effect. It may take time for systems to process the change.
● Turning off tracking will not result in turning off ads completely. It simply means that, should you choose to see an ad in one of our games, it will be a random one.
7.3.
How to turn off push notifications?
This will again depend on the platform you use. Please, see how to turn off push notifications on
Android
and
iOS
devices.
8.
How long will we keep your personal data?
We will process your personal data as long as we need it to provide our services to you based on the agreement between us. In some cases, like when we need to cooperate with the authorities or are required by law to have a specific compliance trail, we may store your personal data as long as these are required for a specific, lawful purpose.
9.
Does this policy apply to children?
Our games and services are not directed to children. If you are less than 13 years old, please show this policy to your parent or guardian. Some game functionalities may be available to you only after you reach a certain age, depending on your location. If you are a parent of a child that wishes to access our games or use our services, please see our
Parent’s Guide
.
10.
Where do we store your personal data (international data transfers)?
We may use multiple locations to store and process your personal data. This may include countries outside of the European Economic Area. In such cases, we will use one of the transfer mechanisms prescribed in the GDPR. This may include:
● a special type of agreement prescribed by EU authorities and entered between us and our providers, which can be found
here
;
● decision on the adequacy of data protection granted by European Commission to a specific country or sector;
● binding corporate rules that are approved by the relevant authorities.
11.
What about security?
● We take steps to prevent unauthorized access to your personal data. We also assign unique identifiers to your personal data to make it more anonymous.
● Please, remember that despite our efforts to make things secure, the internet is not a 100% safe space to share your personal data. It would be best to avoid sharing your personal information in our in-game chat as other people will see it. Not all of them have good intentions.
● Please consider twice before you use your real name or nickname in the game. Other people will be able to find you on social media when you do so and we won’t be able to stop them. You may not want that.
12.
Can you file a complaint?
If we violate your privacy rights, you can file a complaint to the relevant personal data protection supervisory authority.
13.
Will this policy change?
We may change this policy at any time. Should it happen, we will let you know.