Language 🌐
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://calendly.com/de/pages/privacy:
Overview
Terms
Policies
Privacy Notice
Introduction.
Applicability.
Information We Collect and Process.
How We Use Your Information.
With Whom We May Share Your Information.
Children and Educational Service Providers
Your Rights and Choices.
Security and Storage of Information.
Individuals Outside the USA.
EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Notice.
Additional California Resident Privacy Disclosures.
Changes to this Privacy Notice.
Contacting Us.
CCPA Notice at Collection for California Residents
FERPA and COPPA Privacy Notice and Privacy Notice for Children
Acceptable Use Policy
Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) and Trademark Infringement Policy
Calendly Web Accessibility Statement
Developer Policy
Contact us
Table of contents
Privacy Notice
Effective Date:
February 7, 2025
Introduction.
This privacy notice (“Privacy Notice”) describes how Calendly, LLC and its affiliate Interview Schedule, Inc. d/b/a Prelude (“Calendly”, “we”, or “us”) collect, use, and disclose your Personal Data in the course of our business. Throughout this document, we will use a few defined terms.
“
Personal Data
” when used in this Privacy Notice means any data relating to an identified or identifiable natural person that is processed by Calendly as described in this Privacy Notice when such information is protected as “personal data” or “personal information” or a similar term under applicable data protection laws.
“
Services
” when used in this Privacy Policy means all of Calendly’s websites, applications (including, but not limited to, mobile and cloud applications), tools, platforms, and services offered by Calendly, but excluding third party applications.
“
Website
” when used in this Privacy Policy means the Calendly.com website or any other proprietary website owned by Calendly or that Calendly has the authority to manage and control and which link to this Privacy Policy.
Applicability.
Unless stated otherwise, this Privacy Notice only applies to Personal Data for which Calendly acts as a controller, such as when you visit our Website or create an account for our Services.  Please note that when our customers use our Services to directly collect and process Personal Data, such as when our customers use our Services to schedule a meeting with you or record a meeting, Calendly acts as a processor (or service provider) on behalf of our customers (who are controllers of the Personal Data) under the Calendly
Data Processing Addendum
and
Customer Terms and Conditions
.   If you have questions about how your data is processed by our customers or wish to exercise your rights with respect to that data, you should contact the customer which collected your information.
Information We Collect and Process.
Information You Provide Directly to Calendly
When You Visit Our Website
.  We may collect Personal Data from you when you submit information via a web form or otherwise interact with our Website, for example to request a demo, create a help center or developer account, or download resources and white papers.  In these instances, we may ask for certain Personal Data, such as your name, email address, and phone number.
Account Information.
Calendly’s customers provide Calendly with Personal Data, including name, email address, username, and password, when they set up their account.  If a customer has multiple account holders, then each account holder will provide us with similar information.
Billing Information.
If you purchase a paid version of Calendly, our third party payment processors will collect and store your billing address and credit card information. We store the last four digits of your credit card number, card type, and the expiration date. (
For Prelude service customers only,
the payment and billing information will be processed as established in the services agreement between Calendly and your organization.).
Marketing Information
. People interested in Calendly’s products and services may contact us through forms made available on the Website and voluntarily provide information such as name, email address, phone number, company, and role. People interested in our newsletter may also submit their name and email addresses to join our mailing list. We also receive other similar information provided by you if you participate in an event hosted by or attended by Calendly or its partners (such as webinars, conferences, and trade shows) and in your interactions with our social media accounts.
Additional Information
. We may also receive certain Personal Data as you interact with Calendly through activities such as surveys, focus groups, or any other product education initiatives aimed at receiving your feedback.
Information Collected Automatically From You.
We and our authorized third parties use Cookies (defined below), pixels, web beacons, and other technologies (such as local storage) to receive and store certain types of information when you interact with us through your computer or mobile device (subject to your consent, opt-out preferences or other appropriate legal basis where legally required). Using these technologies helps us customize your experience with our Website and Services, improve your experience, tailor marketing messages, and detect and prevent fraud and security risks. Here is more specific information about the types of information we collect automatically:
Log & Device Data.
When you access the Website or the Services, we and our authorized third parties may automatically record certain information (“log data”), including information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Website. This log data may include information, such as the web address you came from or are going to, your device model, operating system, browser type, unique device identifier, IP address, mobile network carrier, and time zone or approximate location. Whether we collect some or all of this information often depends on what type of device you’re using and its settings. For example, different types of information are available depending on whether you’re using a Mac or PC, or an iPhone or an Android phone. To learn more about what information your device makes available to us, please check the policies of your device manufacturer or software provider.
Cookie and Local Storage Data.
Depending on how you’re accessing our Services and subject to your consent, opt-out preferences, or other appropriate legal basis where legally required, we and our authorized third parties may use “Cookies” (a small text file sent by your computer each time you visit our Website, unique to your Calendly account or your browser) or similar technologies such as pixels, web beacons or local storage to record log data. When we use Cookies, we may use ‘session’ Cookies (that last until you close your browser) or ‘persistent’ Cookies (that last until you or your browser deletes them). For example, we may use Cookies to keep you logged into Calendly. Some of the Cookies we use are associated with your Calendly account (including Personal Data about you, such as the email address you gave us), and other Cookies are not associated with your Calendly account. Calendly provides a centralized cookie management service across the entire Calendly Website. When visiting the Calendly Website or a booking page for the first time, Website visitors will see a cookie banner in accordance with their region. Cookie preferences can be adjusted at any time.  To learn how to manage your cookie preferences, please read the “Your Rights and Choices” Section of this Privacy Notice. We may also use your browser’s local storage under “localStorage” to store certain information that enables us to recognize you when you return to our website. You may erase the local storage objects by deleting your browser's history. (
For Prelude service Invitees only,
you can opt out through the “Cookie Preferences” link made available to you on the booking page you receive from a Prelude customer.)
Usage Data.
When our customers use our Services, we and our authorized third parties collect certain information about how you use the Services.  For example, we collect information on the meeting types our customers use most often, how many meetings are scheduled each day, the app used for the virtual meeting, and whether the meeting was recorded. We use this information to help us monitor and improve the Services, such as to determine which features are most popular amongst our customers, and which features could be added or improved.
Information from Third Party Sources
We may obtain Personal Data about you from third party sources.  This Personal Data may include personal and employment information from lead-generation and marketing companies.  For example, these third party sources may provide Calendly with name, email address, phone number, location of business, time zone, biographical details, job title, employer (and related company details), employment seniority, social media usernames and avatars, and social media activity details.  Calendly uses this information to assist with its sales and marketing efforts.
Information We Process on Behalf of Customers When They Use Our Services
The Services we offer our customers enable our customers to schedule meetings, manage their own customer relationships, and have a better overall experience in their meetings.  When customers use our Services, they may process certain Personal Data, such as first and last name, email address, phone number, virtual meeting recordings, transcripts and summaries, and other information about you.  We call the information that our customers submit or collect via our Services “Customer Data” under our
Customer Terms and Conditions
.
Calendly stores and processes Customer Data on behalf of our customers as a processor (or service provider) based on our customers’ instructions and in accordance with our
Data Processing Addendum
and
Customer Terms and Conditions
.   Each customer controls and is  responsible for the information they process using our Services and for complying with any regulations or laws that require providing notice, disclosure, and/or obtaining consent prior to transferring Personal Data to Calendly. For example, when Microsoft uses our Services, we process and store relevant data on behalf of Microsoft. To learn more about how Microsoft handles personal data, you can review their privacy statement
here
. If you have questions about how your data is processed by our customers or wish to exercise your rights with respect to that data, you should contact the customer which collected your information.
How We Use Your Information.
We may use information that we collect about you, including Personal Data, for the following purposes:
Provide the Calendly Services
. We will use your information to provide our Services to you, including to facilitate scheduling; record, transcribe and summarize your meetings; help manage your customer relationships; create and manage your account; respond to your inquiries; prevent or address service errors, security, or technical issues; analyze and monitor usage; prevent spam, fraud and abuse on the Services; investigate potential violations of our Terms, verify your identity; and for other customer service and support purposes. We use the payment information you provide to us in order to alert you of past, current, and upcoming charges, to allow us to present the billing history to you on your billing page in your account, and to perform internal financial processes, such as looking at the status of a credit card charge. In the event of a credit card dispute, we also share account information with your bank to verify the legitimacy of a charge.
For EU / UK purposes, our legal bases for processing are performance of a contract and legitimate interests.
Understand and improve our products.
We will perform research and analysis about your use of, or interest in, our products, Services or content, or products, services or content offered by others. We do this to help make our Services better and to develop new Services.
For EU /UK purposes, our legal basis for processing is legitimate interests.
Communicate with you.
Service-related communications.
We may send you service and administrative emails to ensure the service is working properly. We will also email you regarding your calendar appointments. These messages are considered part of the Services and you may not opt out of these messages.
For EU/UK purposes, our legal basis for processing is performance of a contract.
Promotional.
Subject to your opt-out preference and subscription, we may send you emails about new product features or other news about Calendly or on topics we think would be relevant to you. You may opt out of receiving these communications at any time. Visit the ‘Your Rights and Choices’ section below. Please be assured that we do not use the email addresses that you enter to schedule a meeting with a Calendly customer to send any type of direct marketing. However, you may receive marketing communications if you have used the same email address to sign up for them previously or to manage your account as a Calendly customer.
For EU/UK purposes, our legal basis for processing is consent or legitimate interests.
Responding to your requests.
We will also use your information to respond to your questions or comments.
For EU/UK purposes, our legal bases for processing are performance of a contract, legitimate interests and/or compliance with a legal obligation.
Administrative.
We may contact you to inform you about changes to your account, our Services and other important service-related notices, such as changes to the Terms or Privacy Notice or about security or fraud notices.
For EU/UK purposes, our legal bases for processing are performance of a contract, legitimate interests, and/or compliance with a legal obligation.
Protecting Rights and Interests.
We will use your information to protect our rights and interests as well as the rights and interests of our customers and any other person, as well as to enforce this Privacy Notice or our Terms.
For EU/UK purposes, our legal basis for processing is legitimate interests
.
Legal Compliance.
We may use your information to comply with applicable legal or regulatory obligations, including complying with requests from law enforcement or other governmental authorities, or in legal proceedings involving Calendly.
For EU/UK purposes, our legal basis for processing is compliance with a legal obligation.
Other.
We also may use your information to manage our business or perform functions as otherwise described to you at the time of collection subject to your consent where legally required.
For EU/UK purposes, our legal basis for processing is consent or legitimate interests.
With Whom We May Share Your Information.
We may share information we collect about you, including Personal Data, in the following ways:
With third party Service Providers, agents, and contractors.
We use other companies, agents, or contractors (“Service Providers”) to perform services on our behalf or to assist us with providing services and communicating with you. For example, we may engage Service Providers to process credit card transactions or other payment methods. We may also engage Service Providers to provide services such as monitoring and developing Calendly Services; aiding in communications, infrastructure, and IT services; customer service; debt collection; and analyzing and enhancing data. These Service Providers may have access to your Personal Data or other information to provide these functions. In addition, some of the above-listed types of information that we request may be collected by Service Providers on our behalf.
We may also disclose information to Service Providers for certain web tracking purposes, including allowing Service Providers to directly collect information using Cookies and related tracking technologies (such as pixels and web beacons).  For example, we use session replay, session recording and similar tools provided by Service Providers to record your interactions with our Website, such as how you move throughout our Website and engage with our webforms. In addition to analytics, this information helps us improve our Website and Services, our marketing activities, and identify and fix technical issues visitors may be having with our Website.
In addition, we may share information with Service Providers for legal, security, and safety purposes. This includes sharing information to enforce policies or contracts, address security breaches, and assist in the investigation of fraud, security issues, or other concerns.
We require Service Providers to agree to take reasonable steps to keep the Personal Data that we provide to them secure. We do not authorize them to use or disclose your Personal Data except in connection with providing their services. You may find the list of Calendly’s Service Providers which are also sub-processors
here
.
Third Party Partners and Other Third Party Tools.
We may disclose information to third party partners, including marketing, advertising and analytics providers.  We may also disclose information or allow third parties to directly collect information using third party cookies and related tracking technologies (such as pixels and web beacons) on our Website, such as social media companies, advertising networks, companies that provide analytics (including ad tracking and reporting), security providers and others that help us operate our Services and Website.  We use such third party tools subject to your consent, opt-out preferences, or other appropriate legal basis where legally required.  For example, we use third party providers such as Google Analytics to provide certain analytics in connection with the operation of our Website, including collection and tracking of certain data and information regarding characteristics and activities or visitors to the Website.  To learn how Google Analytics collects and processes data, please visit: “How Google uses data when you use our partners’ sites or apps” located at
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners
.
Affiliates.
We may disclose information to current or future affiliates or subsidiaries for purposes consistent with this Privacy Notice.
Government entities.
We may share your data if we believe that disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with a law, regulation, legal, or governmental request; to respond to a subpoena, court order, warrant, or other legal process; to enforce applicable Terms or this Privacy Notice, including investigation of potential violations thereof; to protect the safety, rights, or property of the public, any person, or Calendly; to detect, prevent, or otherwise address, security or technical issues, illegal, or suspected illegal activities (including fraud); or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved, or as part of a judicial or regulatory proceeding.
Authorized Agents.
If you are using Calendly as a member of an organization or with your organization’s email domain (thereby representing yourself as a member of the organization), we may share your email address, plan information, and data within your account with an authorized agent of your company upon your company’s request for them to administer the account for the company.
Reorganization Event.
We may, as a result of a sale, merger, consolidation, change in control, transfer of assets, reorganization, or liquidation of our company (a "Reorganization Event"), transfer or assign your Personal Data to parties involved in the Reorganization Event. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur and are permitted by and subject to this Privacy Notice.
Children and Educational Service Providers
Calendly is not directed to children under eighteen (18) years of age, and we do not knowingly collect Personal Data from children under 18. If we discover that a child under 18 has provided us with Personal Data, we will promptly delete such Personal Data from our systems. For educational service providers and schools, please see our
FERPA and COPPA Privacy Policy and Notice
.
Your Rights and Choices.
Depending on your relationship with Calendly, you may exercise your rights and choices in the following ways:
Account.
If you are a customer, you may keep your Personal Data accurate and complete by logging into the Services to review and update your account information, including contact and billing information, via your account settings page.
E-mail.
As described above, if you do not wish to receive promotional emails from us, you may opt out at any time by following the opt-out link contained in the email itself. Please note that it may take up to ten (10) days to process your request. Please also note that if you opt out of receiving marketing communications from us, we may continue to send to you service-related emails which are not available for opt-out. If you do not wish to receive any service-related emails from us, you have the option to delete your account.
Cookies.
Depending on your browser and device, you may have the ability to block or reject Cookies via your browser settings. Your browser’s help function should contain instructions on how to set your computer to accept all Cookies, to notify you when a Cookie is issued, or to not receive Cookies at any time. Please keep in mind that certain Cookies are required to authenticate your account as well as perform some actions within Calendly, and therefore, to use the Website, some strictly necessary Cookies are required.  Calendly also provides a centralized cookie management module across the entire Calendly Website, which can be used to adjust your cookie preferences at any time.  This cookie management module can be accessed in four ways: (1) when visiting the Calendly Website for the first time, Website visitors will see a cookie banner, which includes a link to this cookie management module, in accordance with their region; (2) Website visitors can also navigate to the footer of the Calendly Website at any time and change their Cookie preferences under “Cookie Settings” or “Your Privacy Choices;” (3) customers can manage their cookie preferences by accessing “Cookie Settings” under “Account Settings” within their Calendly account; and (4) when a customer wishes to schedule a meeting with you and provides you with a hyperlink to do so, you will be taken to the bookings page of our Website where you can click on “Cookie Settings.”
Third-party analytics and advertising services.
Some of the third party tools we use provide the ability to opt-out.
Google Analytics.
You may opt out of Google Analytics’ services using the Opt-Out feature on their website. The Google Analytics service is provided by Google Inc. You can opt-out from Google Analytics service from using your information by installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser tool:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
. For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
.
Clearbit
. You may opt out of Clearbit’s services using their opt-out feature:
https://claim.clearbit.com/claim
. For more information on the privacy practices of Clearbit, please visit their privacy policy:
https://clearbit.com/privacy
.
Facebook Pixel
. You may opt out of Facebook Pixel’s services using their opt-out feature:
https://facebook.com/help/568137493302217
. For more information on the privacy practices of Facebook, please visit their Data Policy:
https://facebook.com/about/privacy
MNTN.
You may opt out of TV advertising using their opt-out feature:
https://mountain.com/opt-out/
. For more information on the privacy practices of MNTN, please visit their privacy policy:
https://mountain.com/privacy-policy/
Additional Rights.
Depending on where you live, you may have the following rights, subject to any applicable exemptions or limitations under local laws:
The right to know and access your Personal Data, such as the categories of Personal Data we have collected, the sources of Personal Data, the purposes of collection, and how we used, disclosed, sold, or shared Personal Data;
The right to correct inaccurate Personal Data that we maintain about you;
The right to delete your Personal Data under specific circumstances;
The right to opt out of the sale or sharing of your Personal Data, as such terms are defined by applicable laws;
The right to object or opt out of certain types of processing, such as targeted advertising, direct marketing, and certain types of profiling and automated decision-making;
The right to request the restriction of processing of your Personal Data;
The right to data portability, which means requesting a copy of your Personal Data in an accessible format;
The right to withdraw your consent under certain circumstances; and
The right to lodge a complaint with the relevant data protection supervisory authority. Where applicable, EU residents can find contact information for the relevant data protection supervisory authority on the European Data Protection Board’s website,
https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/about-edpb/members_en
, or through other publicly available sources.
If you are located in the United States and access the Website, our use of certain cookies could be considered a “sale” or “share” under applicable state privacy laws. If you are a resident of one of these states, you may have the right to opt out of the use of such cookies that result in a “sale” or “share” by navigating to the “Your Privacy Choices” or “Cookie Settings” link in the footer of the Website or clicking through the option in the banner that appears when you first visit our Website. Specifically, to opt out of “sales” or “sharing,” click the “Reject All” button, which will disable all optional cookies, including Performance, Functional, and Targeting cookies. Where required, we also honor requests to opt out submitted via privacy preference signals recognized under applicable laws, such as the Global Privacy Control (GPC). (For more information on the GPC and how to use a browser or browser extension incorporating the signal to opt out of “sales” or “sharing,” see https://globalprivacycontrol.org.). In addition to opting out with Calendly, there are other mechanisms generally available by advertising groups for consumers to opt out of interest-based advertising from a large number of advertising providers at once, including but not limited to, using the following links:
http://optout.networkadvertising.org/
and
http://www.aboutads.info/choices
. Please note that these mechanisms are not managed by Calendly, and Calendly is not an advertising provider.
To the extent any of the above rights are applicable, you may exercise your rights by contacting us at
privacy@calendly.com
. We will take steps to verify your identity before processing certain requests. We will not fulfill your request unless you have provided sufficient information for us to reasonably verify that you are the individual about whom we collected Personal Data. If you do not have an account with us, we may request additional information about you to verify your identity. We will only use the Personal Data provided in the verification process to verify your identity or authority to make a request, and to track and document request responses, unless you initially provided the information for another purpose. Calendly will retain the relevant records associated with your request to demonstrate our compliance in accordance with legal requirements and reasonable retention periods.
Based on your jurisdiction, you may be able to use an authorized agent to submit a rights request on your behalf. When we verify your agent’s request, we may verify both your and your agent’s identity and request a signed document from you that authorizes your agent to make the request on your behalf. To protect your Personal Data, we reserve the right to deny a request from an agent that does not submit proof that they have been authorized by you to act on their behalf.
Certain laws may give you a right to appeal any denials of your request to exercise your rights. If we deny your request and you would like to submit an appeal, please contact us at
privacy@calendly.com
.
Note on Third-Party Links.
Our Website may contain links to third party websites and applications. Subject to your opt-out or consent preferences, we may also use third party advertisers, ad networks, and other advertising, marketing and promotional companies, to serve advertisements on our Website and other websites and applications. Any access to and use of such linked websites and applications is not governed by this Privacy Notice, but instead is governed by the privacy policies of those third parties. We do not endorse these parties, their content, or any products and services they offer, and we do not endorse these parties, their content, or any products and services they offer, and we are not responsible for the information practices of such third party websites or applications.
Security and Storage of Information.
Given the nature of communications and information processing technology, there is no guarantee that Personal Data will be absolutely safe from access, alteration, or destruction by a breach of any of our physical, technical, and managerial safeguards. However, Calendly takes the security of your Personal Data very seriously. We work hard to protect the Personal Data that you provide from loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, and we have taken reasonable steps to help protect the Personal Data we collect. We have obtained industry recognized certifications and audits, such as the ISO/IEC 27001, which affirm our commitment to our security program (certification not applicable to the Prelude service). More information on Calendly security and storage practices is available
here
.
You should also take steps to protect against unauthorized access to your device and account by, among other things, choosing a unique and complex password that nobody else knows or can easily guess and keeping your log-in and password private. We are not responsible for any lost, stolen, or compromised passwords or for any activity on your account via unauthorized password activity.
We retain the Personal Data we collect for so long as is reasonably necessary to fulfill the purposes for which the data was collected, to perform our contractual and legal obligations (including any exemptions or exceptions contemplated by law), and for any applicable statute of limitations periods for the purposes of bringing and defending claims.
Individuals Outside the USA.
If you are an individual located in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, Canada or another jurisdiction outside of the United States with laws and regulations governing Personal Data collection, use, and disclosure that differ from United States laws, please be aware that information we collect (including through the use of methods such as Cookies and other web technologies) will be processed and stored in the United States or in other countries where we or our Service Providers have operations. By submitting your Personal Data to Calendly and using Calendly, please be aware that your Personal Data may be transferred to, processed, and stored in the United States or another jurisdiction which may not offer the same level of privacy protection as those in the country where you reside. (For a list of applicable countries where data centers are located specifically for the sub-processors of our Services, you may check our
subprocessors list
.)
In connection with the operation of its Website, Calendly may transfer your Personal Data to various locations, which may include locations both inside and outside of the European Economic Area. We rely on the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, Standard Contractual Clauses and the UK Addendum to legally transfer Personal Data submitted relating to individuals in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland.
Calendly has designated representatives in the European Economic Area and in the United Kingdom in accordance with applicable legal requirements in the GDPR and UK GDPR. If you are located in these jurisdictions, you can contact our representatives at any time with any questions you may have about data protection. Their contact details are found in the “Contacting Us” section below.
EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Notice.
Calendly, LLC and its affiliate Interview Schedule, Inc. d/b/a Prelude (collectively referred to in this section as “Calendly” or “we”) comply with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Calendly has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.  Calendly has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
In compliance with the DPF principles, when we transfer Personal Data to a third party acting as our agent, we will be liable under the Principles if our agent processes such Personal Data in a manner inconsistent with the Principles unless we prove we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage. We may be required to disclose your Personal Data in response to a lawful request made by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Calendly’s compliance with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF).
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF,  the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Calendly commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your Personal Data. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of Personal Data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact Calendly at the contact methods set out in the “Contacting Us” section at the end of this Privacy Notice. Our goal is to address your complaint and make it right. However, if we can’t resolve your complaint,  you may contact JAMS, our U.S.-based third-party dispute resolution provider at
https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution
(free of charge). You may also contact your local data protection authority within the European Economic Area, United Kingdom or Switzerland (as applicable) for unresolved complaints.  It is also possible, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration for complaints regarding DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms. Please see the
Data Privacy Framework Annex I
for more information on this option.
Additional California Resident Privacy Disclosures.
Under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 and any subsequent amendments including the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (collectively, “CCPA”), California residents are entitled to the following additional disclosures about our data processing. These disclosures apply solely to individuals who live in the State of California (“California Residents”). All terms used in this section have the same meaning as when used in the CCPA. California Residents may also review our Notice at Collection for our Website
here
.
In the preceding 12 months, we have collected the following categories of Personal Data: identifiers, personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)); commercial information; internet or other similar network activity; geolocation data, professional or employment-related data; and inferences drawn from other categories or personal information. For more details about the specific types of Personal Data we have collected, the purposes for which we have collected Personal Data and the sources of that information, please refer to the descriptions above in the Information We Collect and the How We Use Your Information sections above.
In the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed all of the categories of Personal Data described above for a business purpose as detailed in the description of disclosures to “Service Providers” in the With Whom We May Share Your Information section above.
We may also sell or share information to the extent our use of cookies and tracking technologies for targeted advertising or analytics purposes constitutes a “sale” or “share” under the CCPA. Your opt-out rights are described in the Your Rights and Choices section above. In the preceding 12 months, we have sold or shared the following categories of Personal Data with our targeted advertising and analytics partners: identifiers and internet or other similar network activity.
We do not knowingly sell the Personal Data of minors under age 18.
Response to Requests.
For an explanation of the rights you may have as a California resident, please see the Your Rights and Choices section above. We will attempt to respond to California Resident requests in a timely fashion. In the event of delays over 45 days, we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. If you have an account with us, we may deliver our written response to that account. Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable receipt of a California Resident’s request unless you request otherwise and that time period meets the regulatory requirements. The response we provide will explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before fulfilling your request.
Shine the Light.
This Privacy Notice describes how we may share your information, including for marketing purposes. California residents are entitled to request and obtain from us once per calendar year information about any of your Personal Data shared with third parties for their own direct marketing purposes, including the categories of information and the names and addresses of those businesses with which we have shared such information. To request this information and for any other questions about our privacy practices and compliance with California law, please contact us at
privacy@calendly.com
.
Changes to this Privacy Notice.
This Privacy Notice is current as of the Effective Date set forth above. This Privacy Notice may change if there is a material change to the way information is handled at Calendly, or to clarify our Notice or adjust clerical errors. If any changes are made, we’ll post them on this page, so please be sure to check back periodically.
Contacting Us.
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Notice or anything related to privacy, please contact us via email at
privacy@calendly.com
.
You may also write to us at:
Attn: Privacy Department
Calendly, Inc.
115 E Main St., Ste A1B
Buford, GA 30518
USA
For EEA Residents - you may also contact our EU Representative at
eurep@calendly.com
. Alternatively, they can be reached by post (DPO Centre Europe, BERLIN: Friedrichstrabe 88, Excellent Business Centre, Berlin, 10117, Germany or (+49 304 0817 3000).
https://www.dpocentre.com/contact-us/
For UK Residents: you may also contact our UK Representative at ukrep@calendly.com. Alternatively, they can be reached by post (The DPO Centre Ltd, 50 Liverpool Street, London, EC2M 7PY) or (+44 (0) 203 797 6340).
https://www.dpocentre.com/contact-us/
We respect your personal privacy
We and our partners use cookies, pixels, and similar tracking technology (all called “cookies” here), including necessary cookies to provide our websites and optional cookies to collect information from you (including your clicks, cursor movements, and screen recordings on our websites) for site functionality and personalization, usage analytics, and marketing. You consent to our use of all cookies by choosing “l understand”. You may decline optional cookies by choosing "Do not allow cookies". We honor opt-out preference signals.
Click here
to read about how we use your personal data.
Cookie settings
Do not allow cookies
I understand
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookie Details‎
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookie Details‎
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookie Details‎
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Cookie Details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-policy 1
https://www.zoominfo.com/about-zoominfo/privacy-policy:

Sub-policy 2
https://twitter.com/de/privacy:
Skip to main content
Datenschutzrichtlinien
Datenschutzeinstellungen
Privacy Center
Hilfe-Center
Archiv der Datenschutzerklärungen
PDF herunterladen
X Datenschutzrichtlinien
Gültig ab: 15. November 2024
Vor dem Scrollen bitte lesen
Es ist wirklich schwer, alle mit einer Datenschutzerklärung zufrieden zu stellen. Die meisten Personen, die X nutzen, wollen etwas Kurzes und leicht Verständliches. Wir wünschten zwar, wir könnten alles, was Sie wissen müssen, in einen Post packen, aber unsere Regulierungsbehörden verlangen von uns, dass wir unseren rechtlichen Verpflichtungen nachkommen und alle Richtlinien sehr detailliert beschreiben.
Aus diesem Grund haben wir unsere Datenschutzrichtlinien so einfach wie möglich formuliert, damit Sie in der Lage sind, informierte Entscheidungen zu treffen, wenn Sie X nutzen. Unser Ziel ist, dass Sie verstehen, welche Daten wir erfassen, wie sie genutzt und wann sie weitergegeben werden, und dass Sie Kontrolle darüber haben.
Wenn Sie also nicht jedes Wort der Datenschutzerklärung lesen, sollten Sie wenigstens Folgendes wissen:
X ist eine öffentliche Plattform
Erfahren Sie, was angezeigt und durchsucht werden kann
Wir erheben einige Daten
über Sie
Erfahren Sie, was wir erfassen und wie
Dienste unserer verbundenen Unternehmen können ihre eigenen Richtlinien haben
Erfahren Sie mehr über verbundene Unternehmen
Wir verwenden Ihre Daten zur Verbesserung von X
Erfahren Sie, wie wir Ihre Daten nutzen
Sie haben die Kontrolle über Ihr Erlebnis
Erfahren Sie, wie Sie Ihre Einstellungen aktualisieren
Wenn Sie Fragen zur Datennutzung haben, dann stellen Sie sie!
Erfahren Sie, wie Sie uns kontaktieren können
Datenschutzrichtlinien
1. Daten, die wir erheben
2. Wie wir Daten verwenden
3. Weitergabe von Daten
4. Wie lange wir Daten aufbewahren
5. Übernehmen Sie die Kontrolle
6. Ihre und unsere Rechte
7. Die Zielgruppe von X
8. Änderungen an diesen Datenschutzrichtlinien
9. Allgemein
10. Kontaktaufnahme mit X
Datenschutzrichtlinien
1. Daten, die wir erheben
2. Wie wir Daten verwenden
3. Weitergabe von Daten
4. Wie lange wir Daten aufbewahren
5. Übernehmen Sie die Kontrolle
6. Ihre und unsere Rechte
7. Die Zielgruppe von X
8. Änderungen an diesen Datenschutzrichtlinien
9. Allgemein
10. Kontaktaufnahme mit X
1. Daten, die wir erheben
Die Daten, die wir erheben, wenn Sie X nutzen, lassen sich in drei Kategorien unterteilen.
1.1 Daten, die Sie uns zur Verfügung stellen.
Zur Nutzung einiger unserer Produkte und Dienste benötigen Sie einen Account, und zur Erstellung eines Accounts müssen Sie uns bestimmte Daten zur Verfügung stellen. Gleichfalls können wir, wenn Sie unsere kostenpflichtigen Produkte und Dienste nutzen, Ihnen diese nicht zur Verfügung stellen, wenn wir Ihre Zahlungsdaten nicht erhalten. Grundsätzlich brauchen wir für viele unserer Produkte und Dienste bestimmte Daten, damit Sie sie nutzen können.
Persönliche Accounts.
Wenn Sie einen Account erstellen, müssen Sie uns einige Daten zur Verfügung stellen, damit wir Ihnen unsere Dienste bereitstellen können. Dazu gehören ein Anzeigename (zum Beispiel „Gestalter*innen“); ein Nutzername (zum Beispiel @XGestalter*innen); ein Passwort; eine E-Mail-Adresse oder Telefonnummer; ein Geburtsdatum, Ihre Anzeigesprache und Daten zur einmaligen Anmeldung bei Dritten (wenn Sie diese Anmeldemethode wählen). Sie können sich auch dafür entscheiden, Ihren Standort in Ihrem Profil und in Ihren Posts zu teilen und Ihr Adressbuch auf X hochzuladen, damit Sie leichter nach Personen suchen können, die Sie kennen. Ihre Profildaten, einschließlich Ihres Anzeigenamens und Ihres Nutzernamens, sind immer öffentlich, aber Sie können entweder Ihren echten Namen oder ein Pseudonym verwenden. Denken Sie auch daran, dass Sie mehrere X Accounts einrichten können, zum Beispiel wenn Sie verschiedene Aspekte Ihrer Identität zum Ausdruck bringen möchten, sei es beruflich oder anderweitig.
Professionelle Accounts.
Wenn Sie einen
professionellen Account
einrichten, müssen Sie uns auch eine professionelle Kategorie angeben und können uns weitere Daten zur Verfügung stellen, einschließlich Postanschrift, Kontakt-E-Mail-Adresse und Kontakt-Telefonnummer. Alle diese Daten sind immer öffentlich.
Zahlungsdaten.
Wenn Sie Werbeanzeigen oder andere Angebote kaufen möchten, die im Rahmen unserer kostenpflichtigen Produkte und Dienste zur Verfügung gestellt werden, müssen Sie uns Zahlungsdaten zur Verfügung stellen, einschließlich Ihrer Kredit- oder Debitkartennummer, des Ablaufdatums der Karte, des CVV-Codes und der Rechnungsadresse.
Bevorzugte Einstellungen.
Wenn Sie in Ihren
Einstellungen
bestimmte Präferenzen angeben, erheben wir diese Daten, damit wir Ihre Wünsche berücksichtigen können.
Biometrische Informationen.
Wenn Sie dazu Ihre Einwilligung gegeben haben, können wir Ihre biometrischen Daten zu Sicherheits- und Identifikationszwecken erfassen und verwenden.
Stellenbewerbungen/Empfehlungen.
Wir können Ihre personenbezogenen Daten (z. B. Informationen aus Ihrer Biografie, Ihren beruflichen Werdegang, Ihren Bildungsgang, Ihre Beschäftigungspräferenzen, Fähigkeiten und Fertigkeiten oder Ihre Aktivität und Interaktionen bei der Stellensuche, zusätzlich zu den Informationen, die wir bereits gemäß dem Abschnitt „Daten, die wir erheben, wenn Sie X nutzen“ unserer Datenschutzerklärung weiter unten erfassen) dafür erfassen und heranziehen, Ihnen potenzielle Jobs zu empfehlen, sie an potenzielle Arbeitgeber weiterzuleiten, wenn Sie sich auf eine Stelle bewerben, sodass Arbeitgeber potenzielle Kandidat*innen finden können, und Ihnen relevantere Werbung zu zeigen.
1.2 Daten, die wir erheben, wenn Sie X nutzen.
Wenn Sie unsere Dienste nutzen, erheben wir Daten darüber, wie Sie unsere Produkte und Dienste nutzen. Mithilfe dieser Daten stellen wir Ihnen Produkte und Dienste zur Verfügung und tragen dazu bei, dass X sicherer und respektvoller für alle und relevanter für Sie ist.
Nutzungsinformationen.
Wir erfassen Informationen über Ihre Aktivitäten auf X, darunter:
Von Ihnen gepostete Beiträge und andere Inhalte (einschließlich Datum, Anwendung und Version von X) sowie Informationen zu Ihrer Broadcast-Aktivität (z. B. Spaces), einschließlich von Ihnen erstellter Broadcasts und deren Erstellungszeitpunkt, Ihrer Listen, Lesezeichen und Communities, denen Sie angehören.
Ihre Interaktionen mit den Inhalten anderer Nutzer*innen, wie z. B. Reposts, „Gefällt mir“-Angaben, Lesezeichen, geteilten Inhalten, Downloads, Antworten, wenn andere Nutzer*innen Sie in Inhalten erwähnen oder markieren oder wenn Sie sie erwähnen oder markieren, und Broadcasts, an denen Sie teilgenommen haben (einschließlich Ihres Verlaufs in Bezug auf angesehene/angehörte Inhalte, Kommentare, Sprechbeiträge und Reaktionen).
Wie Sie mit anderen auf der Plattform interagieren, beispielsweise mit Personen, denen Sie folgen, und Personen, die Ihnen folgen, Metadaten in Bezug auf
verschlüsselte Nachrichten
und, wenn Sie
Direktnachrichten
verwenden, auch den Inhalt der Nachrichten, die Empfänger*innen sowie Datum und Uhrzeit der Nachrichten.
Wenn Sie mit uns kommunizieren, beispielsweise per E-Mail, erheben wir Daten über die Kommunikation und deren Inhalt.
Wir erheben Daten über Links, mit denen Sie in unseren Diensten interagieren (auch in den E-Mails, die wir Ihnen schicken).
Käufe und Zahlungen.
Damit Sie unter Verwendung von X-Funktionen oder -Diensten eine Zahlung tätigen oder Geld senden können, auch über einen Vermittler, erhalten wir möglicherweise Informationen zu Ihrer Transaktion, etwa wann sie getätigt wurde, wann ein Abonnement abläuft oder automatisch verlängert wird und welche Beträge gezahlt oder erhalten wurden.
Gerätedaten.
Wir erfassen Informationen von und über die Geräte, die Sie für den Zugriff auf X verwenden, darunter:
Daten über Ihre Verbindung, wie beispielsweise Ihre IP-Adresse, den Browsertyp und verwandte Informationen.
Daten über Ihr Gerät und seine Einstellungen, wie beispielsweise Geräte- und Werbe-ID, Betriebssystem, Anbieter, Sprache, Speicher, installierte Apps und Akkustand.
Das Adressbuch Ihres Geräts, wenn Sie sich dazu entschieden haben, es mit uns zu teilen.
Standortinformationen.
Wenn Sie X verwenden, erfassen wir einige Informationen zu Ihrem ungefähren Standort, um Ihnen den erwarteten Dienst bereitzustellen, einschließlich der Anzeige relevanter Werbung. Sie können auch wählen, ob Sie Ihren aktuellen genauen Standort oder Orte, an denen Sie X zuvor genutzt haben, teilen möchten, indem Sie diese Einstellungen in Ihrem Account aktivieren.
Abgeleitete Identität.
Wir können Informationen sammeln oder erhalten, die wir verwenden, um auf Ihre Identität zu schließen, wie unten beschrieben:
Wenn Sie sich mit einem Browser oder Gerät bei X anmelden, verknüpfen wir diesen Browser oder dieses Gerät mit Ihrem Account. Vorbehaltlich Ihrer Einstellungen können wir Ihren Account auch mit anderen Browsern oder Geräten verknüpfen als mit denen, die Sie für die Anmeldung bei X nutzen (oder Ihr abgemeldetes Gerät oder Ihren Browser mit anderen Browsern oder Geräten oder von X generierten Identifikatoren verknüpfen).
Wenn Sie X andere Daten zur Verfügung stellen, einschließlich einer E-Mail-Adresse oder Telefonnummer, verknüpfen wir diese Daten mit Ihrem X Account. Vorbehaltlich Ihrer Einstellungen können wir anhand dieser Daten auch andere Daten über Ihre Identität ableiten, zum Beispiel indem wir Ihren Account mit Hashes von E-Mail-Adressen verknüpfen, die gemeinsame Komponenten mit der E-Mail-Adresse haben, die Sie X zur Verfügung gestellt haben.
Wenn Sie auf X zugreifen und nicht angemeldet sind, können wir anhand der von uns erhobenen Daten Rückschlüsse auf Ihre Identität ziehen.
Protokollinformationen.
Wenn Sie Inhalte auf unseren Produkten und Diensten ansehen oder auf andere Weise mit ihnen interagieren, erhalten wir möglicherweise Informationen, auch wenn Sie keinen Account erstellt haben oder abgemeldet sind, beispielsweise:
IP-Adresse und zugehörige Informationen; Browsertyp und -sprache; Betriebssystem; die verweisende Webseite; Zugriffszeiten; besuchte Seiten; Standort; Ihr Mobilfunkanbieter; Geräteinformationen (einschließlich Geräte- und Anwendungs-IDs); Suchbegriffe und IDs (einschließlich derjenigen, die nicht als Abfragen übermittelt wurden); Ihnen auf X angezeigte Anzeigen; von X generierte Kennungen; und mit Cookies verknüpfte Kennungen. Wir erhalten Protokolldaten auch, wenn Sie auf Links in unseren Diensten klicken, sich diese ansehen oder mit ihnen interagieren, u. a. wenn Sie eine andere Applikation über X installieren.
Werbung.
Wenn Sie Werbung ansehen oder mit ihr interagieren, die wir auf oder außerhalb von X bereitstellen, erfassen wir möglicherweise Informationen zu diesen Ansichten oder Interaktionen (z. B. Ansehen einer Videoanzeige oder eines Prerolls, Anklicken einer Anzeige, Interagieren mit Reposts oder Antworten auf eine Anzeige).
Cookies und ähnliche Technologien.
Wie viele Websites verwenden wir Cookies und ähnliche Technologien, um zusätzliche Daten zur Website-Nutzung zu sammeln und unsere Dienste zu betreiben. Für viele Teile unserer Produkte und Dienste, wie etwa die Suche und Anzeige öffentlicher Profile, sind Cookies nicht erforderlich. Weitere Informationen zur Verwendung von Cookies und ähnlichen Technologien finden Sie
hier
.
Interaktionen mit unseren Inhalten auf Websites Dritter.
Wenn Sie sich unsere Inhalte auf Websites von Dritten ansehen, die X Inhalte wie eingebettete Timelines oder Buttons zum Posten integrieren, können wir Protokolldaten erhalten, einschließlich der von Ihnen besuchten Webseite.
1.3 Daten, die wir von Dritten erhalten.
Wenn Sie andere Online-Produkte und -Dienste nutzen, können sie Daten über diese Nutzung an uns weitergeben.
Werbepartner, Entwickler, Verleger.
Unsere Werbe- und Geschäftspartner geben Daten wie Browser-Cookie-IDs, von X generierte Identifikatoren,
IDs von Mobilgeräten, gehashte Nutzerdaten wie E-Mail-Adressen, demografische Daten oder Interessensdaten sowie auf einer Website oder App angesehene Inhalte oder durchgeführte Aktionen an uns weiter. Einige unserer Werbepartner, insbesondere unsere Werbekunden, ermöglichen es uns auch, ähnliche Daten direkt von ihrer Website oder App zu erheben, indem sie unsere Werbetechnologie integrieren. Daten, die von Werbepartnern und verbundenen Unternehmen weitergegeben oder von X von den Websites und Apps der Werbepartner und verbundenen Unternehmen erhoben werden, können mit den anderen Daten kombiniert werden, die Sie mit X teilen und die X erhält,
generiert oder
über Sie ableitet, wie an anderer Stelle in diesen Datenschutzrichtlinien beschrieben.
Andere Dritte, Account-Verbindungen und Integrationen.
Wir können Daten über Sie von Dritten erhalten, die nicht unsere Werbepartner sind, wie beispielsweise von anderen X Nutzer*innen, Entwickler*innen und Partner*innen, die uns helfen, die Sicherheit und Qualität von Inhalten auf unserer Plattform zu bewerten, von unseren
verbundenen Unternehmen
und von anderen Diensten, die Sie mit Ihrem X Account verknüpfen. Sie können sich entscheiden, Ihren X Account mit Ihrem Account bei einem anderen Dienst zu verbinden und dieser andere Dienst kann uns Daten über Ihren Account bei diesem Dienst senden.
2. Wie wir Daten verwenden
Aufgrund der Funktionsweise der Systeme, die unsere Dienste für Sie anbieten, ist es nicht einfach, die Verwendung der von uns erhobenen Daten aufzuschlüsseln. So kann beispielsweise dieselbe Dateninformation in verschiedener Art und Weise für verschiedene Zwecke verwendet werden, damit letztlich ein einziger Dienst erbracht werden kann. Am zweckdienlichsten ist es wahrscheinlich, die fünf wichtigsten Arten und Weisen zu erläutern, in der wir Daten verwenden. Wenn Sie Fragen haben, die nicht beantwortet werden, können Sie uns jederzeit
kontaktieren
. Mehr im Folgenden:
2.1 Betreiben, Verbessern und Personalisieren unserer Dienste.
Die von uns erhobenen Daten nutzen wir zur Bereitstellung und zum Betrieb der X Produkte und Dienste. Außerdem verbessern und personalisieren wir mit den erhobenen Daten unsere Produkte und Dienste, damit Sie ein besseres Erlebnis auf X haben, u. a. indem wir Ihnen relevantere Inhalte und Werbung zeigen, Ihnen Personen und Themen vorschlagen, denen Sie folgen können, und Ihnen helfen,
verbundene Unternehmen
, Apps von Dritten und Dienste zu entdecken. Wir können die Daten, die wir erheben, und öffentlich verfügbare Daten zum Training unserer Modelle für Maschinenlernen oder künstliche Intelligenz für die in dieser Richtlinie dargelegten Zwecke heranziehen.
Wir können die Daten, die wir von Accounts anderer Dienste erheben, bei denen Sie sich zur Verknüpfung mit Ihrem X Accounts entschieden haben, heranziehen, damit wir Ihnen Funktionen wie dienstübergreifendes Posting oder dienstübergreifende Authentifizierung bieten und unsere Dienste betreiben können.
Anhand Ihrer Kontaktdaten helfen wir anderen, Ihren Account zu finden, wenn Ihre Einstellungen dies zulassen, u. a. über Dienste von Dritten und Client-Applikationen.
Vorbehaltlich Ihrer
Einstellungen
stellen wir mithilfe Ihrer Daten unsere Dienste für Werbung und gesponserte Inhalte bereit, was dabei hilft, die Werbeanzeigen auf X für Sie relevanter zu gestalten. Anhand dieser Daten messen wir auch die Effektivität von Werbeanzeigen und helfen, Ihre Geräte zu erkennen, damit wir Werbeanzeigen auf und außerhalb von X für Sie schalten können. Einige unserer Werbepartner ermöglichen es uns auch, ähnliche Daten direkt von ihrer Website oder App zu erheben, indem sie unsere Werbetechnologie integrieren. Daten, die von Werbepartnern und verbundenen Unternehmen weitergegeben oder von X von den Websites und Apps der Werbepartner und verbundenen Unternehmen erhoben werden, können mit den anderen Daten kombiniert werden, die Sie mit X teilen und die X erhält, generiert oder über Sie ableitet, wie an anderer Stelle in unseren Datenschutzrichtlinien beschrieben.
2.2  Sicherheit und Schutz fördern.
Anhand der von uns erhobenen Daten sorgen wir für den Schutz und die Sicherheit unserer Nutzer*innen, unserer Produkte, unserer Dienste und Ihres Accounts. Dazu gehören die Überprüfung Ihrer Identität, die Authentifizierung Ihres Accounts und die Abwehr von Betrug, unbefugter Nutzung und illegalen Aktivitäten. Außerdem bewerten und beeinflussen wir mithilfe der Daten die Sicherheit und Qualität der Inhalte auf X. Das beinhaltet die Untersuchung und Durchsetzung unserer Richtlinien und AGB sowie des geltenden Rechts.
2.3 Messen, Analysieren und Verbessern unserer Dienst.
Anhand der von uns erhobenen Daten messen und analysieren wir die Effektivität unserer Produkte und Dienste und lernen besser verstehen, wie Sie sie nutzen, damit wir sie weiter verbessern können.
2.4 Kommunikation mit Ihnen über unsere Dienste.
Anhand der von uns erhobenen Daten kommunizieren wir mit Ihnen über unsere Produkte und Dienste, u. a. über Produktaktualisierungen und Änderungen unserer Richtlinien und AGB. Wenn Sie sich dafür entscheiden, können wir Ihnen auch gelegentlich Marketingnachrichten schicken.
2.5 Forschung.
Anhand der Daten, die Sie uns mitteilen oder die wir erheben, führen wir Forschung, Umfragen, Produkttests und Fehlerbehebungen durch, die uns helfen, unsere Produkte und Dienste zu betreiben und zu verbessern.
3. Weitergabe von Daten
Sie sollten wissen, auf welche Weise wir Ihre Daten weitergeben, warum wir sie weitergeben und wie Sie dies beeinflussen können. Es gibt fünf grundsätzliche Möglichkeiten, wie wir Ihre Daten weitergeben.
3.1 Wenn Sie posten und teilen.
An die breite Öffentlichkeit
. Sie weisen uns an, diese Daten so weit wie möglich offenzulegen. Die Inhalte von X, einschließlich Ihrer Profildaten (z. B. Name/Pseudonym, Nutzername, Profilbilder), sind für die breite Öffentlichkeit zur Ansicht zugänglich. Die Öffentlichkeit muss sich nicht anmelden, um einen Teil der Inhalte auf X zu sehen. X Inhalte sind auch außerhalb von X auffindbar, zum Beispiel über die Ergebnisse von Suchanfragen in Internet-Suchmaschinen oder in Videos, die heruntergeladen und anderswo geteilt wurden (abhängig von Ihren
Einstellungen
).
An andere X Nutzer*innen.
Abhängig von Ihren
Einstellungen
und basierend auf den X Produkten und Diensten, die Sie nutzen, geben wir Folgendes weiter:
Ihre Interaktionen mit X-Inhalten anderer Benutzer, z. B. Antworten und Personen, denen Sie folgen.
Inhalte, die Sie an bestimmte X Nutzer*innen senden, wie beispielsweise über
Direktnachrichten
. Zur Beachtung: Wenn Sie Daten wie Direktnachrichten oder geschützte Posts mit einer Person geteilt haben, die über einen Dienst eines Dritten auf X zugreift, können die Daten an den Dienst des Dritten weitergegeben werden.
An Partner.
Abhängig von Ihren
Einstellungen
stellen wir auch bestimmten Dritten Daten zur Verfügung, damit sie uns beim Angebot oder Betrieb unserer Produkte und Dienste unterstützen. In unserem
Hilfe-Center
erfahren Sie mehr über diese Partnerschaften. Ob X Ihre personenbezogenen Daten an diese Partner weitergibt, steuern Sie über die Option „Datenaustausch mit Geschäftspartnern“ in Ihren
Einstellungen für Datenschutz und Sicherheit
. (Diese Einstellung steuert nicht die Weitergabe, die an anderer Stelle in diesen Datenschutzrichtlinien beschrieben wird, wie beispielsweise wenn wir Daten mit unseren Dienstleistern oder durch andere als die in diesem
Hilfe-Center
-Artikel beschriebenen Partnerschaften teilen.)
3.2 Mit Drittanbietern und Drittanbieterintegrationen.
An Dienstleister.
Wir können Ihre Daten an unsere
Dienstleister
weitergeben, die in unserem Auftrag Funktionen und Dienste erbringen, u.a. Zahlungsdienstleister, die Zahlungen ermöglichen; Servicepartner, die unsere verschiedenen Blogs und Wikis hosten; Servicepartner, die uns helfen, die Nutzung unserer Dienste zu verstehen, Anbieter von Bewerberverfolgungssystemen, die Bewerber- und Stellendaten an mögliche Arbeitgeber versenden und von ihnen enthalten, und solche, die Betrugserkennungsdienste anbieten.
An Werbekunden.
Werbeeinnahmen ermöglichen es uns, unsere Produkte und Dienste zur Verfügung zu stellen. Werbekunden können Daten aus Ihrer Interaktion mit ihren Werbeanzeigen auf oder außerhalb von X erhalten. Wenn Sie beispielsweise in unseren Diensten auf einen externen Link oder eine Werbeanzeige klicken, kann der Werbekunde oder der Betreiber der Website herausfinden, dass Sie von X gekommen sind, zusammen mit anderen Daten, die mit der Werbeanzeige, auf die Sie geklickt haben, verknüpft sind, wie beispielsweise Merkmale der Zielgruppe, die damit erreicht werden sollte, und andere von X generierte Identifikatoren für diese Werbeanzeige. Sie können auch andere personenbezogene Daten von Ihnen erheben, wie beispielsweise Cookie-Identifikatoren oder Ihre IP-Adresse.
Inhalte und Integrationen von Dritten.
Wir geben Ihre Daten mit Ihrer Einwilligung oder auf Ihre Anweisung hin weiter oder legen diese offen, beispielsweise wenn Sie
einen Web-Client oder eine Applikation eines Dritten autorisieren
, auf Ihren Account zuzugreifen, oder uns anweisen, Ihr Feedback an ein Unternehmen weiterzugeben. Gleichfalls arbeiten wir zur Verbesserung Ihrer Nutzung mit Dritten zusammen, damit ihre Videoinhalte auf X angezeigt oder Inhalte plattformübergreifend geteilt werden können. Wenn Sie sich Inhalte unserer Videopartner oder plattformübergreifenden Partner ansehen oder anderweitig mit diesen interagieren, können diese Ihre personenbezogenen Daten erhalten und verarbeiten, wie in ihren Datenschutzerklärungen beschrieben. Für Videoinhalte können Sie Ihre
Autoplay-Einstellungen
anpassen, wenn Sie möchten, dass die Inhalte nicht automatisch abgespielt werden.
Kooperation mit Dritten.
Wenn Sie die entsprechenden
Einstellungen
vorgenommen haben oder sich dazu entschließen, Ihre Daten weiterzugeben, können wir Ihre Informationen an Dritte weitergeben oder offenlegen. Wenn Sie sich nicht abmelden, können die Empfänger der Informationen diese in einigen Fällen zusätzlich zu den in der Datenschutzrichtlinie von X genannten Zwecken auch für ihre eigenen unabhängigen Zwecke verwenden, darunter beispielsweise zum Trainieren ihrer Modelle künstlicher Intelligenz, ob generativ oder anderweitig.
Durch unsere APIs.
Wir verwenden Technologien wie
APIs
und Einbettungen zur Bereitstellung öffentlicher X Daten für Websites, Apps und andere zu ihrer Nutzung, zum Beispiel damit Posts auf einer Nachrichten-Website angezeigt werden können oder damit analysiert werden kann, was Personen auf X äußern. Wir stellen diese Inhalte in der Regel in begrenztem Umfang kostenlos zur Verfügung und erheben Lizenzgebühren für den Zugriff in großem Umfang. Wir haben
Standard
-Geschäftsbedingungen, die regeln, wie diese Daten verwendet werden können, und ein Compliance-Programm zur Durchsetzung dieser Bedingungen. Diese Personen und Unternehmen sind jedoch nicht mit X verbunden und ihre Angebote spiegeln möglicherweise nicht die Aktualisierungen wider, die Sie auf X vornehmen. Weitere Informationen darüber, wie wir der Welt öffentliche Daten auf X zur Verfügung stellen, finden Sie unter
https://developer.x.com
.
3.3 In Fällen, in denen es gesetzlich vorgeschrieben ist, zur Verhinderung von Schaden oder im öffentlichen Interesse.
Wir können Ihre Daten aufbewahren, verwenden, weitergeben oder offenlegen, wenn wir glauben, dass es für einen der folgenden Zwecke vernünftigerweise notwendig ist:
zur Einhaltung eines Gesetzes, einer Verordnung oder
zur Erfüllung eines rechtsgültigen Verfahrens oder einer behördlichen Anfrage
zum Schutz der Sicherheit einer Person, zum Schutz der Sicherheit oder Integrität unserer Plattform, u. a. zur Verhinderung von Spam, Missbrauch oder böswilligen Akteuren auf unseren Diensten
Erklären, warum wir Inhalte oder Konten aus unseren Diensten entfernt haben (z. B. wegen eines Verstoßes gegen
unsere Regeln
);
zur Lösung von Problemen mit Betrug und Sicherheit oder technischen Problemen
zum Schutz unserer Rechte oder unseres Eigentum oder der Rechte oder des Eigentums der Personen, die unsere Dienste nutzen
Wir können außerdem verschiedene Signale und Ihre Daten zur Ableitung, Aufbewahrung, Nutzung, Weiterleitung oder Offenlegung Ihres Alter und Ihrer Identitätsinformationen heranziehen, damit wir gesetzliche Vorschriften einhalten können sowie je nach Sachlage im Interesse von Sicherheit, Schutz, Betrugsbekämpfung, Sorgfaltspflichten in Bezug auf Kund*innen und Unternehmen sowie zur Identitätsprüfung. Zu diesen Zwecken können wir Ihre Alters- und Identitätsinformationen auch an unsere Partner, Dienstanbieter und andere weitergeben oder offenlegen.
3.4 An unsere verbundenen Unternehmen.
Wir können Daten an unsere
verbundenen Unternehmen
weitergeben, damit unsere Produkte und Dienste zur Verfügung gestellt werden können.
3.5 Änderung der Eigentumsverhältnisse.
Wir können Daten über Sie in Verbindung mit einer Fusion, Übernahme, Reorganisation, einem Verkauf von Vermögenswerten oder einem Konkurs weitergeben, verkaufen oder übertragen. Diese Datenschutzerklärung gilt für Ihre personenbezogenen Daten, die (vor und nach dem Abschluss einer Transaktion) an das neue Unternehmen weitergegeben oder übertragen werden.
4. Wie lange wir Daten aufbewahren
Wir bewahren verschiedene Arten von Informationen für unterschiedlich lange Zeiträume auf, abhängig davon, wie lange wir sie benötigen, damit wir Ihnen unsere Produkte und Dienste bereitstellen und unseren gesetzlichen Verpflichtungen nachkommen können, sowie aus Sicherheitsgründen. Zum Beispiel:
Wir speichern Ihre Profilinformationen wie Ihren Anzeigenamen, Benutzernamen, Ihr Passwort und Ihre E-Mail-Adresse für die Dauer Ihres Kontos. Ohne die Speicherung dieser Informationen können wir Ihnen unsere Produkte und Dienstleistungen nicht bereitstellen.
Wir speichern Ihre Nutzungsinformationen, beispielsweise die von Ihnen veröffentlichten Inhalte, Ihre Interaktionen mit den Inhalten anderer Nutzer*innen und Ihre Interaktion mit anderen auf der Plattform, solange Ihr Account besteht oder bis diese Inhalte entfernt werden.
Wir speichern Ihre Zahlungsinformationen, einschließlich Ihrer Kredit- oder Debitkartennummer und Rechnungsadresse, für die Dauer, in der Sie unsere kostenpflichtigen Produkte und Dienste nutzen. Aufzeichnungen von Transaktionen werden im Einklang mit geltendem Recht länger aufbewahrt.
Wenn Sie mit uns kommunizieren, beispielsweise per E-Mail, bewahren wir Informationen über die Kommunikation und deren Inhalt bis zu 18 Monate lang auf, es sei denn, wir müssen sie für einen längeren Zeitraum aufbewahren, um unseren gesetzlichen Verpflichtungen nachzukommen oder unsere gesetzlichen Rechte auszuüben oder zu verteidigen.
Wir erfassen Geräteinformationen, Standortinformationen, abgeleitete Identitätsinformationen und Protokollinformationen im Allgemeinen mithilfe von Cookies. Wir bewahren Cookies und mithilfe von Cookies erfasste Informationen bis zu 13 Monate lang auf. Weitere Informationen zur Verwendung von Cookies und ähnlichen Technologien finden Sie
hier
.
Informationen zu Ihren Ansichten oder Interaktionen mit Anzeigen mit oder ohne X sowie zu Ihrer Interaktion mit unseren Inhalten auf Websites von Drittanbietern speichern wir bis zu 90 Tage lang.
Wir speichern von Werbe- und Geschäftspartnern weitergegebene Informationen bis zu 90 Tage lang.
Wenn Sie gegen unsere Regeln verstoßen und Ihr Account gesperrt wird, können wir die Identifikatoren, die Sie zur Erstellung des Accounts verwendet haben (z. B. E-Mail-Adresse oder Telefonnummer), auf unbestimmte Zeit speichern. Dadurch wollen wir verhindern, dass Wiederholungstäter*innen neue Accounts erstellen.
Um gesetzliche Anforderungen zu erfüllen und aus Sicherheitsgründen müssen wir bestimmte Informationen möglicherweise länger aufbewahren, als in unseren Richtlinien angegeben. Zum Beispiel:
Damit wir einem Gesetz, einer Verordnung, einem rechtsgültigen Verfahren oder einer behördlichen Anfrage nachkommen können.
Darunter fällt die Erfüllung einer rechtlich angemessenen Aufbewahrungsanfrage von Strafverfolgungsbehörden. Weitere Informationen zum Zugriff durch Strafverfolgungsbehörden finden Sie
hier
.
Im Zusammenhang mit Rechtsansprüchen, Rechtsstreitigkeiten und behördlichen Angelegenheiten.
Einschließlich der Fälle, in denen es vernünftigerweise notwendig ist, Informationen zu Ihrem Konto aufzubewahren, um X gegen Rechtsansprüche zu verteidigen.
Um die Sicherheit unserer Produkte und Dienstleistungen zu gewährleisten.
Einschließlich der Fälle, in denen es erforderlich ist, Ihre Daten länger zu speichern, um den Missbrauch unserer Produkte und Dienstleistungen zu untersuchen und zu bekämpfen.
Bedenken Sie, dass öffentliche Inhalte auch nach ihrer Entfernung von X noch woanders vorhanden sein können. Suchmaschinen und andere Drittanbieter können beispielsweise Kopien Ihrer Beiträge auf Grundlage ihrer eigenen Datenschutzrichtlinien länger aufbewahren, selbst nachdem sie auf X gelöscht wurden oder abgelaufen sind. Weitere Informationen zur Suchsichtbarkeit finden Sie
hier
.
5. Übernehmen Sie die Kontrolle
5.1 Zugriff, Berichtigung, Übertragbarkeit.
Sie können auf die Daten, die Sie uns zur Verfügung gestellt haben, zugreifen, sie berichtigen oder ändern, indem Sie Ihr Profil bearbeiten und Ihre Account-
Einstellungen
anpassen.
Unter
Deine X Daten
erfahren Sie mehr über die Daten, die wir über Sie erhoben oder abgeleitet haben.
Hier
können Sie Zugriff auf weitere Daten anfordern.
Sie können eine Kopie Ihrer Daten, z. B. Ihrer Posts, herunterladen, indem Sie den Anweisungen
hier
folgen.
Zum Schutz Ihrer Privatsphäre und zur Aufrechterhaltung der Sicherheit ergreifen wir Maßnahmen zur Überprüfung Ihrer Identität, bevor wir Ihnen Auskunft über Ihre personenbezogenen Daten gewähren oder einem Antrag auf Löschung, Übertragbarkeit oder einem anderen damit zusammenhängenden Antrag nachkommen. In bestimmten Situationen können wir Ihren Antrag auf Zugriff, Berichtigung oder Übertragbarkeit ablehnen, z. B. wenn Sie Ihre Identität nicht nachweisen können.
5.2 Löschung Ihrer Daten.
Wenn Sie den Anweisungen
hier
folgen, wird Ihr Account deaktiviert und Ihre Daten werden in eine Warteschlange zur Löschung gestellt. Ist Ihr X Account deaktiviert, sind der Account, Ihr Anzeigename, Ihr Nutzername und Ihr öffentliches Profil auf X.com, in X für iOS und in X für Android nicht mehr sichtbar. Bis zu 30 Tage nach der Deaktivierung ist eine Wiederherstellung Ihres X Accounts möglich, falls er versehentlich oder fälschlich deaktiviert wurde.
5.3 Widerspruch, Einschränkung oder Rückzug Ihrer Einwilligung.
Hier
können Sie Ihre Datenschutzeinstellungen und andere Account-Funktionen verwalten. Wenn Sie Ihre Einstellungen ändern, kann es einige Zeit dauern, bis Ihre Auswahl in unseren Systemen vollständig umgesetzt ist. Abhängig davon, welche Einstellungen Sie angepasst haben, können Sie auch Änderungen bei Ihrer X Nutzung oder Einschränkungen beim Zugriff auf bestimmte Funktionen feststellen. Sie können auch zusätzliche Einstellungen verwalten, wenn Sie mit bestimmten Inhalten und Funktionen in verschiedenen Teilen der Plattform interagieren, z. B. ob ein
Space
aufgezeichnet wird oder ob
Videos, die Sie hochladen,
von anderen heruntergeladen werden können.
5.4 Anfragen von bevollmächtigten Vertreter*innen.
Wenn Sie eine Anfrage bezüglich des Zugriffs, der Berichtigung oder der Löschung Ihrer Daten oder der Daten einer anderen Person, deren bevollmächtigte*r Vertreter*in Sie sind, stellen möchten, können Sie sich auch mit der Methode an uns wenden, die im Abschnitt „Wie kann ich X kontaktieren?“ unserer Datenschutzrichtlinien unten beschrieben ist. Wir können von Ihnen verlangen, dass Sie zusätzliche Daten zur Überprüfung zur Verfügung stellen.
6. Ihre und unsere Rechte
Wir stellen X Personen auf der ganzen Welt zur Verfügung und bieten allen unseren Nutzer*innen, unabhängig von ihrem Wohnort, viele der gleichen Datenschutz-Tools und Kontrollmöglichkeiten. Es kann jedoch sein, dass sich Ihre Nutzung etwas anders gestaltet als für Nutzer*innen in anderen Ländern. Das soll sicherstellen, dass X die lokalen Anforderungen respektiert.
6.1 Wir stützen uns bei der Nutzung Ihrer Daten auf bestimmte Rechtsgrundlagen.
X hat die Rechtsgrundlagen, auf deren Grundlage es X erlaubt ist, Ihre Daten zu erheben, zu verwenden, weiterzugeben und anderweitig zu verarbeiten, sorgfältig geprüft. Wenn Sie mehr erfahren und die Feinheiten besser verstehen möchten, empfehlen wir Ihnen, sich diese
zusätzlichen Informationen über die Datenverarbeitung
anzusehen. Und nein, wir verkaufen Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nicht.
6.2 Wir verlagern Ihre Daten, damit X für Sie funktioniert.
So wie Sie sich mit X nahtlos an globalen Konversationen mit Personen in Ländern auf der ganzen Welt beteiligen, muss X Daten über Grenzen hinweg und in verschiedene Länder auf der ganzen Welt verlagern, damit der sichere und zuverlässige Dienst, auf den Sie sich verlassen, möglich wird. Wenn Sie zum Beispiel in Europa leben und eine Konversation mit jemandem in den USA führen, müssen Daten zwischen diesen Ländern ausgetauscht werden, damit die Konversation möglich wird. Das ist es, was Sie von uns erwarten.
Wir nutzen auch Rechenzentren und Cloud-Anbieter und beauftragen
unsere verbundenen Unternehmen
sowie Dritte und
Dienstleister
in vielen Teilen der Welt, damit sie uns bei der Bereitstellung unserer Dienste helfen. Bevor wir Daten zwischen Ländern übertragen, prüfen wir die Risiken, die für die Daten bestehen können, und verlassen uns, sofern zutreffend, auf
Standardvertragsklauseln
(SCCs), um sicherzustellen, dass Ihre Datenschutzrechte geschützt sind. Um eine Kopie der SCCs anzufordern, kontaktieren Sie uns bitte
hier
. Wenn Daten an Dritte weitergegeben werden, verlangen wir von ihnen, dass sie den gleichen Schutz für Ihre Daten gewährleisten, wie wir selbst bieten.
X ist an Datenschutz-Rahmenvereinbarungen (Data Privacy Frameworks, DPF) zwischen der EU und den USA und zwischen der Schweiz und den USA und an der Ausweitung des EU-US PDF auf das Vereinigte Königreich
beteiligt
. X beachtet bei jeglicher Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten, die aus der Europäischen Union, der Schweiz und dem Vereinigten Königreich stammen, die DPF-Prinzipien in Bezug auf die DPF zwischen der EU und den USA bzw. der Schweiz und den USA bzw. in Bezug auf die Ausweitung des EU-US PDF auf das Vereinigte Königreich. Wenn Sie eine Anfrage oder Beschwerde bezüglich unserer Teilnahme am DPF haben, kontaktieren Sie uns bitte
hier
. Im Rahmen unserer Beteiligung an den DPF versuchen wir bei Streitigkeiten zwischen Ihnen und uns in Bezug auf unsere Einhaltung der DPF-Prinzipien, diese durch unser internes Beschwerdeverfahren zu lösen, alternativ durch die in den USA basierte unabhängige Schlichtungsstelle
JAMS
, und unter bestimmten Bedingungen durch das DPF-Schlichtungsverfahren anhand der Verfahren und gemäß den Bedingungen, die in
Anhang 1
zu den DPF-Prinzipien beschrieben sind. DPF-Teilnehmer unterliegen den Untersuchungs- und Durchsetzungsbefugnissen der US-amerikanischen Federal Trade Commission und anderer autorisierter gesetzlicher Stellen. Unter bestimmten Umständen können die beteiligten Parteien für die Übertragung personenbezogener Daten aus der EU, der Schweiz und dem Vereinigten Königreich an Dritte außerhalb der EU, der Schweiz und des Vereinigten Königreichs haftbar sein. Weitere Informationen zum EU-US-DPF, zum Schweiz-US-DPF und zur britischen Erweiterung des EU-US-DPF
finden Sie hier
.
7. Die Zielgruppe von X
8. Änderungen an diesen Datenschutzrichtlinien
Die aktuellste Version dieser Datenschutzerklärung regelt unsere Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten und wir können diese Datenschutzerklärung gelegentlich nach Bedarf überarbeiten.
Wenn wir diese Datenschutzrichtlinien überarbeiten und Änderungen vornehmen, die wir als wesentlich erachten, werden wir Sie darüber informieren und Ihnen die Möglichkeit geben, die überarbeiteten Datenschutzrichtlinien zu überprüfen, bevor Sie X weiter nutzen.
9. Allgemein
Die X Datenschutzrichtlinien sind auf Englisch verfasst, werden aber durch Übersetzungen in mehreren Sprachen verfügbar gemacht. X strebt an, dass die Übersetzungen die englische Originalversion so genau wie möglich wiedergeben. Im Falle von Abweichungen oder Unstimmigkeiten hat jedoch die englischsprachige Version der X Datenschutzrichtlinien Vorrang. Sie erkennen an, dass Englisch die Referenzsprache für die Interpretation und Konstruktion der Bedingungen der X Datenschutzrichtlinien ist.
10. Kontaktaufnahme mit X
Wir möchten von Ihnen hören, wenn Sie Gedanken oder Fragen zu dieser Datenschutzerklärung haben. Sie können uns über unsere Seite für
Anfragen zum Datenschutz
kontaktieren oder uns an die unten angegebene Adresse schreiben.
Informationen zu unserer Handhabung von Anfragen im Rahmen des California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) finden Sie
hier
. Informationen zur Handhabung von „Consumer Health Data“ und zu zugehörigen Anfragen, wie sie im „My Health My Data Act“ des US-Bundesstaates Washington und in anderen, ähnlichen Gesetzen von US-Bundesstaaten definiert sind, finden Sie
hier
.
Wenn Sie in den USA oder einem anderen Land außerhalb der Europäischen Union, der EFTA-Staaten oder des Vereinigten Königreichs leben, ist der für Ihre personenbezogenen Daten Verantwortliche X Corp. unter folgender Adresse:
X Corp.
Attn: Privacy Policy Inquiry
865 FM 1209, Building 2
Bastrop, TX 78602
Wenn Sie in der Europäischen Union, den EFTA-Staaten oder dem Vereinigten Königreich leben, ist der Datenverantwortliche, der für Ihre personenbezogenen Daten verantwortlich ist, Twitter International Unlimited Company mit der folgenden Adresse:
Twitter International Unlimited Company
Attn: Data Protection Officer
One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street
Dublin 2, D02 AX07 IRLAND
Wenn Sie in der Schweiz wohnen, können Sie unseren Vertreter auch unter der folgenden Adresse kontaktieren:
Twitter Switzerland GmbH
Attn: Data Protection Officer
c/o Wasag Treuhand AG
Bolligenstrasse 18
Bern, 3006, SWITZERLAND
Wenn Sie Bedenken bezüglich unserer
Datenverarbeitungspraktiken
äußern möchten, haben Sie das Recht, sich über die auf ihrer Website aufgelisteten
Kontaktdaten
an Ihre örtliche Aufsichtsbehörde oder an die federführende Aufsichtsbehörde der Twitter International Unlimited Company, die Irish Data Protection Commission, zu wenden.
Vorherige Erklärungen anzeigen
Übernehmen Sie die Kontrolle über Ihre Privatsphäre
Einstellungen anpassen
Cookies… aber nicht zum Essen...
X und seine Partner möchten dir mit Cookies einen besseren, sichereren und
  schnelleren Service bieten und unser Geschäft unterstützen. Einige Cookies sind erforderlich,
  wenn du unsere Services nutzen möchtest, verbessern unsere Services und sorgen dafür, dass sie korrekt funktionieren.
Mehr über deine Wahlmöglichkeiten erfahren
.
Alle Cookies akzeptieren
Unwesentliche Cookies ablehnen
Sub-policy 3
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy:
Privacy Center home
Search
Privacy topics
More privacy resources
Privacy Policy
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
What information do we collect?
How do we use your information?
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
How do we share information with third parties?
How do the Meta Companies work together?
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
How long do we keep your information?
How do we transfer information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
How will you know the Policy has changed?
How to contact Meta with questions
Legal basis information
Other policies and articles
Settings
Privacy Policy
How we use info for AI at Meta
Based on feedback from regulators, we’re still delaying our plans to use your information from Meta Products to develop and improve
AI at Meta
. We’ll let you know before we start using this information for this purpose, and how you can exercise your right to object.
Other updates
We're updating our Privacy Policy. The updates go into effect on April 7, 2025.
Read the new policy.
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
Effective November 14, 2024 |
View printable version
|
See previous versions
Highlights
We at Meta want you to understand what information we collect, and how we use and share it. That’s why we encourage you to read our Privacy Policy. This helps you use
Meta Products
in the way that’s right for you.
In the Privacy Policy, we explain how we collect, use, share, retain and transfer information. We also let you know your rights. Each section of this Policy includes helpful examples and simpler language to make our practices easier to understand. We’ve also added links to resources where you can learn more about the privacy topics that interest you.
It's important to us that you know how to control your privacy, so we also show you where you can manage your information in the settings of the Meta Products you use. You can
update these settings
to shape your experience.
Read the full Policy below.
What Products does this Policy cover?
Learn more in Privacy Center about managing your privacy
What information do we collect?
Highlights
The information we collect and process about you depends on how you use our
Products
. For example, we collect different information if you sell furniture on Marketplace than if you post a reel on Instagram. When you use our Products, we collect some information about you
even if you don't have an account
.
Here's the information we collect:
Your activity and information you provide
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
Information from partners, vendors and other third parties
What if you don’t let us collect certain information?
Some information is required for our Products to work. Other information is optional, but without it, the quality of your experience might be affected.
Learn more
What if the information we collect doesn’t identify individuals?
In some cases information is de-identified, aggregated, or anonymized by third parties so that it no longer identifies individuals before it’s made available to us. We use this information as described below without trying to re-identify individuals.
Take control
Manage the information we collect about you
Privacy Center
How do we use your information?
Highlights
We use
information we collect
to provide a personalized experience to you, including ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products), along with the other purposes we explain in detail below.
For some of these purposes, we use information
across our Products
from the accounts you choose to add to your Accounts Center, and
across your devices
. The information we use for these purposes is automatically processed by our systems. But in some cases, we also use
manual review
to access and review your information.
To use less information that’s connected to individual users, in some cases we de-identify or aggregate information or anonymize it so that it no longer identifies you. We use this information in the same ways we use your information as described in this section.
Here are the ways we use your information:
To provide, personalize and improve our Products
We use information we have to provide and improve our
Products
. This includes personalizing features, content and
recommendations
, such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
, Stories and ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products). We use
information with special protections
you choose to provide for these purposes, but not to show you ads.
Read more about how we use information to provide, personalize and improve our Products:
How we show ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
How we use information to improve our Products
How we use location-related information
To promote safety, security and integrity
We use information we collect to help protect people from harm and provide safe, secure Products.
Learn more
To provide measurement, analytics and business services
Lots of people rely on our Products to run or promote their businesses or share content. We help them measure how well their ads and other content, products and services are working.
Learn more
To communicate with you
We communicate with you using information you've given us, like contact information you've entered on your profile.
Learn more
To research and innovate for social good
We use information we have, information from researchers and datasets from publicly available sources, professional groups and non-profit groups to conduct and support research.
Learn more
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
Highlights
On Meta Products
Learn more about the different cases when your information can be shared on our
Products
:
People and accounts you share and communicate with
Content others share or reshare about you
Public content
With integrated partners
You can choose to connect with
integrated partners
who use our Products. If you do, these integrated partners receive information about you and your activity.
These integrated partners can always access information that’s public on our Products. Learn more about other information they receive and how they handle your information:
When you use an integrated partner’s product or service
When you interact with someone else’s content on an integrated partner’s product or service
How integrated partners handle your information
Take control
Learn more about audiences
Privacy Center
Manage apps and websites
How do we share information with third parties?
Highlights
We don't sell any of your information to anyone, and we never will. We also require
partners
and other
third parties
to follow rules about how they can and cannot use and disclose the information we provide.
Here’s more detail about who we share information with:
Partners
Advertisers and Audience Network publishers (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
Partners who use our analytics services
Partners who offer goods or services on our Products and commerce services platforms
Integrated partners
Vendors
Measurement vendors
Marketing vendors
Service providers
Service providers
Third parties
External researchers
AI integrations
Other third parties
We also share information with other
third parties
in response to legal requests, to comply with applicable law or to prevent harm.
Read the Policy
.
And if we sell or transfer all or part of our business to someone else, in some cases we’ll give the new owner your information as part of that transaction, but only as the law allows.
How do the Meta Companies work together?
Highlights
We are part of the
Meta Companies
that provide Meta Company Products.
Meta Company Products
include all the
Meta Products
covered by this Policy, plus other products like WhatsApp and more.
We share information we collect, infrastructure, systems and technology with the other Meta Companies.
Learn more
about how we transfer information to other countries.
We also process information that we receive about you from other Meta Companies, according to their terms and policies and as permitted by applicable law. In some cases, Meta acts as a
service provider
for other Meta Companies. We act on their behalf and in accordance with their instructions and terms.
Why we share across the Meta Companies
Meta Products share information with other Meta Companies:
To promote safety, security and integrity and comply with applicable laws
To provide optional features and integrations
To understand how people use and interact with Meta Company Products
See some examples
of why we share.
More resources
Review the privacy policies of the other Meta Companies
Facebook Help Center
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
Highlights
Under applicable data protection law, companies must have a legal basis to process personal data. When we talk about "processing personal data," we mean the ways we collect, use and share your information, as we described in the other sections of this Policy above.
What is our legal basis?
You have the following rights under GDPR and other relevant data protection laws:
Access and correct information
Withdraw consent
Port your information
Download your information
Erase information
Object
Make a complaint
How long do we keep your information?
Highlights
We keep information as long as we need it to provide our Products, comply with legal obligations or protect our or other’s interests. We decide how long we need information on a case-by-case basis. Here’s what we consider when we decide:
If we need it to operate or provide our Products. For example, we need to keep some of your information to maintain your account.
Learn more
.
The feature we use it for, and how that feature works. For example, messages sent using Messenger’s vanish mode are retained for less time than regular messages.
Learn more
.
How long we need to retain the information to comply with certain legal obligations.
See some examples
.
If we need it for other legitimate purposes, such as to prevent harm; investigate possible violations of our terms or policies; promote safety, security and integrity; or protect ourselves, including our rights, property or products
In some instances and for specific reasons, we’ll keep information for an extended period of time.
Read our Policy
about when we may preserve your information.
How do we transfer information?
Highlights
Why is information transferred to other countries?
Where is information transferred?
How do we safeguard your information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
Highlights
We access, preserve, use and share your information:
In response to legal requests, like search warrants, court orders, production orders or subpoenas. These requests come from
third parties
such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
Learn more
about when we respond to legal requests.
In accordance with applicable law
To promote the safety, security and integrity of
Meta Products
, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
.
We may access or preserve your information for an extended amount of time.
Learn more
.
How will you know the Policy has changed?
We'll notify you before we make material changes to this Policy. You’ll have the opportunity to review the revised Policy before you choose to continue using our Products.
How to contact Meta with questions
You can learn more about how privacy works on
Facebook
and on
Instagram
, and in the
Facebook Help Center
. If you have questions about this Policy, or have questions, complaints or requests regarding your information, you can contact us as described below.
The data controller responsible for your information is Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, which you can
contact online
, or by mail at:
Meta Platforms Ireland Limited
ATTN: Privacy Operations
Merrion Road
Dublin 4
D04 X2K5, Ireland
Contact the Data Protection Officer
for Meta Platforms Ireland Limited.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with Meta Platforms Ireland's lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission, or your local supervisory authority.
Legal basis information
Consent
We process information as described below when you have given us your consent to do so, which we may ask through in-product experiences, to enable particular features, or to enable device-based settings. The categories of information we use and why and how they are processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Processing information with special protections that you provide so we can share it with those you choose, to provide, personalise and improve our Products and to undertake analytics.  We’ll collect, store, publish and apply automated, or sometimes manual, processing for these purposes.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Any information with special protections that you choose to provide, such as your religious views, your sexual orientation, political views, health, racial or ethnic origin, philosophical beliefs or trade union membership, or as part of surveys you choose to participate in, and where you have given your explicit consent
Personalizing ads on the Meta Products:
If we show you ads on Meta Products, including Meta Audience Network, depending on your
settings
, we will use your information across the account(s) in your Accounts Centre to show you ads, including using cookies, to personalize your ads and measure how those ads perform.
If we show you ads on Meta Products, our ads system automatically processes information that we've collected and stored associated with you. In accordance with your Ad settings, our ads system uses this information to understand your interests and your preferences and personalize your ads across the Meta Products.
Learn more
about your Ad settings.
Our ads system prioritizes what ad to show you based on what audience advertisers want to reach. Then we match the ad to people who might be interested.
Learn more
about how our ads system works.
Learn more
about how we choose the ads that you see.
You can change your choice at any time in your “Ad Preferences”.
Your activity and information that you provide
:
Content that you create, such as posts, comments or audio
Content that you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content, including ads, that you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features that you use and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions that you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you're doing on your device, such as whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users'
Device signals
Information that you've shared through your device settings (e.g. GPS location)
Information about the network that you connect your device to
Location-related  information
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Using information from partners, vendors and other third parties to tailor the ads you see: If we show you ads on Meta Products, with your consent we’ll use information that partners, vendors and other third parties provide us about activity off the Meta Products and that we have associated with you to personalize ads that we show you on the Meta Products, and on websites, apps and devices that use our advertising services. We receive this information whether or not you’re logged in or have an account on our Products, see the
Cookies Policy
for more information.
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request when you use some of our Products. For example, when you direct us we share your email address or other information that you might choose to share with an advertiser so that they can contact you with additional information about a promoted product. The type of third party and categories of information shared depend on the circumstances of what you ask us to share.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like your contact, profile or other information, like posts or comments
Collecting information that you allow us to receive through the device-based settings you enable (such as access to your GPS location, camera or photos) which we use to provide the features or services described when you enable the setting.
App, browser and device information
:
Information from device settings
Verifying your identity or account, or helping to protect against suspicious activity including impersonation and identity misuse, using face analysis which may include facial recognition technology if you select it.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Your account information, profile photo, or
your photo or video selfie, if you choose to provide it
When we process information that you provide to us based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. You also have the right to port that information you provide to us based on your consent. To exercise your rights, visit your device-based settings, and visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings and our Help Centers.
Performance of a contract
For all people who have the legal capacity to enter into an enforceable contract (for example, by being the age of majority or above in their country of residence), we process information as necessary to conclude and perform our contracts with you (the
Meta Terms
and
Instagram Terms
, the
Supplemental Meta Platforms Technologies Terms of Service
, the
Supplemental Portal Terms of Service
, the
Meta AI Terms of Service
and the
Supplemental Meta View Terms of Service
, together, the “terms"). The purposes for which we process information for our contracts, the categories of information we use and how information is processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Personalising the Meta Products (other than ads): Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories); and
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, and in some instances not only automated processing but also manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features,
Undertake analytics, and
Facilitate your purchases and payments on Meta Pay or other Meta checkout experiences.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts, identity and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the
Oversight Board
,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review and, in some cases, remove content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To communicate with you: We use information you’ve given us (like contact information on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
We’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your e-mail address to respond when you contact us.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Transferring, storing or processing your information globally. We share information we collect globally, both internally across our offices and data centers and externally with our partners, third parties and service providers. Because Meta is global, with users, partners and employees around the world, transfers are necessary to:
Operate and provide the services described in the terms that apply to the Meta Product(s) you are using. This includes allowing you to share information and connect with your family and friends around the globe; and
So we can fix, analyze and improve our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
We'll use the information we have to provide these services; if you choose not to provide certain information (other than limited account information which is necessary to create a
Facebook account
or an
Instagram account
), your experience using the Meta Products may be affected. For example, you may see less relevant recommendations on the Products, or your use of the Products may be restricted.
When we process information that you provide to us as necessary for concluding or performing our contracts with you, you have the right to port it under the GDPR. To exercise your rights, visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings, or learn more in our Help Centers.
Compliance with a legal obligation
The categories of information we use, why we process your information based on compliance with a legal obligation and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
For processing information when the law requires it: Where we are under an obligation to disclose information such as, for example, if we receive a valid legal request for certain information (such as an Irish search warrant), we will access, preserve and / or share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others.
The way in which the information will be processed depends on the specific circumstances, see
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and integrity?
for more.
Information for Law Enforcement Authorities
provides information on the operational guidelines law enforcement needs to follow.
Examples of Irish and EU laws enforceable in Ireland that could give rise to an obligation requiring us to process the information we hold about you are:
Civil and commercial matters: where we are in receipt of a court order or otherwise required to disclose information for the purposes of court proceedings, such as under Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters.
Criminal matters: to comply with requests from Irish law enforcement to provide information in relation to an investigation, such as under Section 10 of the Criminal Justice (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1997 as amended by 6(1)(a) of the Criminal Justice Act 2006, or to take steps to report information to law enforcement where required.
Consumer matters: to comply with our obligations under consumer law such as the Competition and Consumer Protection Act 2014.
Corporate and taxation matters: to comply with our obligations such as the Companies Act 2014.
Regulatory matters: to comply with our obligations to engage with regulators, such as the Data Protection Commission under the General Data Protection Regulation and the Data Protection Act 2018.
Financial matters: to comply with our obligations under applicable financial services law such as the European Union (Payment Services) Regulations 2018
View the
current list of laws
which are enforceable in Ireland that give rise to a legal obligation for Meta which results in the processing of information. New laws may be enacted or other obligations may become binding on our processing of your information which may require us to process your information and we will update this list from time to time.
The categories of information depend on the specific circumstances of each mandatory request or obligation. Only the information necessary to comply with the relevant legal obligation will be processed. For example, for civil matters, this will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information). However, depending on the circumstances it could include the following:
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Legitimate interests
We rely on our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third party, where they are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms ("legitimate interests"). The categories of information we use, the legitimate interests relied on and why and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Legitimate interests relied on
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
If you are a registered user of the Meta Products
For people under the age of majority (under 18, in most applicable countries) who have a limited ability to enter into an enforceable contract only, where we may be unable to process your information on the grounds of contractual necessity.
Personalising the Meta Products: Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
News Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories),
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Learn more
about how we use information about you to personalise your experience on and across Meta Products and how we choose the ads that you see.
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
(other than using partner data to tailor ads to you)
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, automated processing, and in some instances manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide advertising products,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features, and
Undertake analytics.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To enable people under the age of majority to use and connect to the Meta Products in an easy and intuitive manner.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public profile information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the Oversight Board,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review, and in some cases remove, content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on the Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
To secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, and to protect the safety of people under the age of majority, including to prevent exploitation or other harms to which such individuals may be particularly vulnerable.
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating with you:
We use information you have given us (like contact information you’ve entered on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
we’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your email address to respond to you when you contact us.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
For all people, including those under the age of majority
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and how their content is performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help users, businesses, and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their content, websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realise using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our other partners; and
In the interests of developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
If we show you ads on Meta Products:
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, advertisers and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, advertisers and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's ads, content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and ads, and how their content and ads are performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help businesses, advertisers and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, advertisers, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realize using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our advertisers and other partners; and
In the interests of advertisers, developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content and advertising on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating, engaging and sharing across the Meta Company Products:
To provide a seamless, consistent and richer, innovative, experience across the Meta Company Products and to enable cross app interactions, sharing, viewing and engaging with content, including posts and videos.
In our interest to provide seamless, consistent and richer, innovative communication, engagement and sharing experiences across Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Business intelligence and analytics:
To understand, in aggregate, your usage of and across our Products, to accurately count people and businesses; and
Validate metrics directly related to these, in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to adhere to (shareholder/earning) reporting obligations.
In our interest to measure the use of our Products and count the people who interact with our Products in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to enable provision of accurate and reliable reporting.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Location-related information
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you:
Depending on your settings, we’ll share marketing communications with you.
We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide, including your contact information like e-mail address
App, browser and device information
:
Device identifiers
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from researchers we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
For example, we analyse information that we have about migration patterns during crises. This helps relief organizations get aid to the right places.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation of information as well as manual (human) review, and share information, as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programmes.
In our interest and those of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Anonymising your information
In some cases, we anonymise information we have about you, such as your activity on and off our Products, and use the resulting information, for example, to provide and improve our Meta Products, including ads.
In our interest to fund our provision of the Meta Products, provide relevant advertising to users, and improve ads delivery and Meta Products;
In the interests of advertisers to help them to reach relevant audiences who may be interested in their information, products or services;
In the interests of users that Meta practice data minimisation and privacy by design in respect of their information
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to legal requests.
See
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promote safety, integrity and security in limited circumstances outside of the performance of our contracts with you:
Our Meta Products are delivered to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We apply automated processing, as well as manual (human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request:
You may choose to share your contact information, profile information and other data with our partners: The types of partners with whom information is shared depends on the features of our service that you use and the manner in which you choose to use them. For example, you may choose to share your email address, birthday, friends list, hometown or other information with a partner if you choose to connect your Facebook account to their app.
To deliver  quality experiences to users who use our partners’ apps, in our best interest and in the interest of our users.
To facilitate and improve users' experiences in their apps, in the interests of our partners who want to facilitate and improve consumers' experiences in their apps.
Information you provide (for example, your email address, birthday, friends’ list and hometown).
If you are using a device we cannot associate with a registered user of the Meta Products
Promote safety, integrity and security:
Our Meta Products are delivered in a manner to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We collect and store information we have for this purpose and apply automated processing and manual (i.e. human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and research and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users generally and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you: We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail address.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide including your contact information like your e-mail address
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from research partners we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programs.
In our interest and in the interest of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to
legal requests
.
See '
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
' for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Provide and improve our Products:
We use information we collect to:
Provide products and curate features
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To improve the Meta Company Products in a consistent manner, to correct technical glitches, and to optimise functionality.
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary to pursue our legitimate interests or those of a third party, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, such processing; to exercise your right, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings.
We will consider several factors when assessing an objection, including: our users' reasonable expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort. Unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons, your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
If you are under the age of majority in your country and there is no enforceable contract in place, we will take particular account of the fact that you are below the age of majority when conducting our assessment of our legitimate interests and the balancing  of your interests and rights. We provide specific protections for people below the age of majority to ensure that they are aware of the risks, consequences, safeguards and rights associated with the processing of their information.
Tasks carried out in the public interest
The purposes for which we anticipate processing your information as a task in the public interest, the processing we undertake, and the information we use is set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Undertaking research for social good:  We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to undertake research and other tasks in the public interest, such as sharing relevant research data with third parties like international organisations and academics both in and outside the EEA. The public interest is required to be laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Articles 168 and 179 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To promote safety, integrity and security: In limited fact specific circumstances, we will access, preserve and share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others where necessary to perform a task in the public interest. For example, we might share information with others for the purposes of combatting unlawful or harmful behaviour where it is in the public interest to do so and where the public interest is laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Section 53 of the Data Protection Act 2018 and Regulation (EU) 2021/1232.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from Partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary for a task carried out in the public interest, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, our processing. To exercise your rights, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings. In assessing an objection, we will consider several factors, including: our users' reasonable user expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort.
Your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information, unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
Protection of your vital interests or that of another person
The categories of information we use, why we process your information to protect your vital interests or those of another person and how it’s processed are set out below
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Protecting the vital interests of you and/or those of another person: We apply automated processing techniques, conduct manual (human) review and share information, including with law enforcement and others, in circumstances where someone’s vital interests require protection, such as in the case of emergencies. These vital interests include protection of your life, physical or mental health, wellbeing or integrity or that of others, and detecting, removing, and reporting illegal content. In protecting such vital interests we aim to combat harmful conduct and promote safety, integrity and security, including, for example, when we are investigating reports of harmful conduct or taking appropriate action, such as sharing information with relevant authorities, when someone needs help.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content,
subject to applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Sub-policy 4
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy:
Skip to main content
LinkedIn respects your privacy
LinkedIn and 3rd parties use essential and non-essential cookies to provide, secure, analyze and improve our Services, and to show you relevant ads (including
professional and job ads
) on and off LinkedIn. Learn more in our
Cookie Policy
.
Select Accept to consent or Reject to decline non-essential cookies for this use. You can update your choices at any time in your
settings
.
Accept
Reject
Privacy Policy
Effective September 18, 2024
LinkedIn's global Privacy Policy below applies worldwide. If you're located in the EU, EEA, UK, or Switzerland, you can review additional information that will apply to you in our
European Regional Privacy Notice
.
Your Privacy Matters
LinkedIn’s mission is to connect the world’s professionals to allow them to be more productive and successful. Central to this mission is our commitment to be transparent about the data we collect about you, how it is used and with whom it is shared.
This Privacy Policy applies when you use our Services (described below). We offer our users
choices
about the data we collect, use and share as described in this Privacy Policy,
Cookie Policy
, Settings and our
Help Center.
Choices
﻿
Settings
are available to Members of LinkedIn and Visitors are provided separate controls.
Learn More
.
Table of Contents
Data We Collect
How We Use Your Data
How We Share Information
Your Choices and Obligations
Other Important Information
Introduction
We are a social network and online platform for professionals. People use our Services to find and be found for business opportunities, to connect with others and find information. Our Privacy Policy applies to any Member or Visitor to our Services.
Our registered users (“Members”) share their professional identities, engage with their network, exchange knowledge and professional insights, post and view relevant content, learn and develop skills, and find business and career opportunities. Content and data on some of our Services is viewable to non-Members (“Visitors”).
We use the term “Designated Countries” to refer to countries in the European Union (EU), European Economic Area (EEA), and Switzerland. Members and Visitors located in the Designated Countries or the UK can review additional information in our
European Regional Privacy Notice
.
Services
This Privacy Policy, including our Cookie Policy applies to your use of our Services.
This Privacy Policy applies to LinkedIn.com, LinkedIn-branded apps, and other LinkedIn-branded sites, apps, communications and services offered by LinkedIn (“Services”), including off-site Services, such as our ad services and the “Apply with LinkedIn” and “Share with LinkedIn” plugins, but excluding services that state that they are offered under a different privacy policy. For California residents, additional disclosures required by California law may be found in our
California Privacy Disclosure
.
Data Controllers and Contracting Parties
If you are in the “Designated Countries”, LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company (“LinkedIn Ireland”) will be the controller of your personal data provided to, or collected by or for, or processed in connection with our Services.
If you are outside of the Designated Countries, LinkedIn Corporation will be the controller of (or business responsible for) your personal data provided to, or collected by or for, or processed in connection with our Services.
As a Visitor or Member of our Services, the collection, use and sharing of your personal data is subject to this Privacy Policy and other documents referenced in this Privacy Policy, as well as updates.
Change
Changes to the Privacy Policy apply to your use of our Services after the “effective date.”
LinkedIn (“we” or “us”) can modify this Privacy Policy, and if we make material changes to it, we will provide notice through our Services, or by other means, to provide you the opportunity to review the changes before they become effective. If you object to any changes, you may
close your account.
You acknowledge that your continued use of our Services after we publish or send a notice about our changes to this Privacy Policy means that the collection, use and sharing of your personal data is subject to the updated Privacy Policy, as of its effective date.
1. Data We Collect
1.1 Data You Provide To Us
You provide data to create an account with us.
Registration
To create an account you need to provide data including your name, email address and/or mobile number, general location (e.g., city), and a password. If you register for a premium Service, you will need to provide payment (e.g., credit card) and billing information.
You create your LinkedIn profile (a complete profile helps you get the most from our Services).
Profile
You have
choices
about the information on your profile, such as your education, work experience, skills, photo,
city or area
, endorsements, and optional
verifications
of information on your profile (such as verifications of your identity or workplace). You don’t have to provide additional information on your profile; however, profile information helps you to get more from our Services, including helping recruiters and business opportunities find you. It’s your choice whether to include
sensitive information
on your profile and to make that sensitive information public. Please do not post or add personal data to your profile that you would not want to be publicly available.
You may give other data to us, such as by syncing your calendar.
Posting and Uploading
We collect personal data from you when you provide, post or upload it to our Services, such as when you fill out a form, (e.g., with demographic data or salary), respond to a survey, or submit a resume or fill out a job application on our Services.
If you sync your calendars with our Services, we will collect your calendar meeting information to keep growing your network by suggesting connections for you and others, and by providing information about events, e.g. times, places, attendees and contacts.
You don’t have to post or upload personal data; though if you don’t, it may limit your ability to grow and engage with your network over our Services.
1.2 Data From Others
Others may post or write about you.
Content and News
You and others may post content that includes information about you (as part of articles, posts, comments, videos) on our Services. We also may collect public information about you, such as professional-related news and accomplishments, and make it available as part of our Services, including, as permitted by your settings, in notifications to others of
mentions in the news
.
Others may sync their calendar with our Services
Contact and Calendar Information
We receive personal data (including contact information) about you when others import or sync their calendar with our Services, associate their contacts with Member profiles, scan and upload business cards, or send messages using our Services (including invites or connection requests). If you or others opt-in to sync email accounts with our Services, we will also collect “email header” information that we can associate with Member profiles.
Customers and partners may provide data to us.
Partners
We receive personal data (e.g., your job title and work email address) about you when you use the services of our customers and partners, such as employers or prospective employers and applicant tracking systems providing us job application data.
Related Companies and Other Services
We receive data about you when you use some of the other services provided by us or our
Affiliates
, including Microsoft. For example, you may choose to send us information about your contacts in Microsoft apps and services, such as Outlook, for improved professional networking activities on our Services
1.3 Service Use
We log your visits and use of our Services, including mobile apps.
We log usage data when you visit or otherwise use our Services, including our sites, app and platform technology, such as when you view or click on content (e.g., learning video) or ads (on or off our sites and apps), perform a search, install or update one of our mobile apps, share articles or apply for jobs. We use log-ins, cookies,
device information
and internet protocol (“IP”) addresses to identify you and log your use.
1.4 Cookies and Similar Technologies
We collect data through cookies and similar technologies.
As further described in our
Cookie Policy
, we use cookies and similar technologies (e.g., pixels and ad tags) to collect data (e.g., device IDs) to recognize you and your device(s) on, off and across different services and devices where you have engaged with our Services. We also allow some others to use cookies as described in our Cookie Policy. If you are outside the Designated Countries, we also collect (or rely on others who collect) information about your device where you have not engaged with our Services (e.g., ad ID, IP address, operating system and browser information) so we can provide our Members with relevant ads and better understand their effectiveness.
Learn more
. You can
opt out
from our use of data from cookies and similar technologies that track your behavior on the sites of others for ad targeting and other ad-related purposes. For Visitors,
the controls are
here
.
1.5 Your Device and Location
We receive data through cookies and similar technologies
When you visit or leave our Services (including some plugins and our cookies or similar technology on the sites of others), we receive the URL of both the site you came from and the one you go to and the time of your visit. We also get information about your network and device (e.g., IP address, proxy server, operating system, web browser and add-ons, device identifier and features, cookie IDs and/or ISP, or your mobile carrier). If you use our Services from a mobile device, that device will send us data about your location based on your phone settings. We will ask you to opt-in before we use GPS or other tools to identify your precise location.
1.6 Communications
If you communicate through our Services, we learn about that.
We collect information about you when you communicate with others through our Services (e.g., when you send, receive, or engage with messages, events, or connection requests, including our marketing communications). This may include information that indicates who you are communicating with and when. We also use
automated systems
to support and protect our site. For example, we use such systems to suggest possible responses to messages and to manage or block content that violates our User Agreement or
Professional Community Policies
.
1.7 Workplace and School Provided Information
When your organization (e.g., employer or school) buys a premium Service for you to use, they give us data about you.
Others buying our Services for your use, such as your employer or your school, provide us with personal data about you and your eligibility to use the Services that they purchase for use by their workers, students or alumni. For example, we will get contact information for “
LinkedIn Page
” (formerly Company Page) administrators and for authorizing users of our premium Services, such as our recruiting, sales or learning products.
1.8 Sites and Services of Others
We get data when you visit sites that include our ads, cookies or plugins or when you log-in to others’ services with your LinkedIn account.
We receive information about your visits and interaction with services provided by others when you log-in with LinkedIn or visit others’ services that include some of our plugins (such as “Apply with LinkedIn”) or our ads, cookies or similar technologies.
1.9 Other
We are improving our Services, which means we get new data and create new ways to use data.
Our Services are dynamic, and we often introduce new features, which may require the collection of new information. If we collect materially different personal data or materially change how we collect, use or share your data, we will notify you and may also modify this Privacy Policy.
Affiliates
Affiliates are companies controlling, controlled by or under common control with us, including, for example, LinkedIn Ireland, LinkedIn Corporation, LinkedIn Singapore and Microsoft Corporation.
2. How We Use Your Data
We use your data to provide, support, personalize and develop our Services.
How we use your personal data will depend on which Services you use, how you use those Services and the choices you make in your
settings
. We may use your personal data to improve, develop, and provide products and Services, develop and train artificial intelligence (AI) models, develop, provide, and personalize our Services, and gain insights with the help of AI, automated systems, and inferences, so that our Services can be more relevant and useful to you and others. You can review LinkedIn's Responsible AI principles
here
and learn more about our approach to generative AI
here
.
Learn more
about the inferences we may make, including as to
your age and gender
and how we use them.
2.1 Services
Our Services help you connect with others, find and be found for work and business opportunities, stay informed, get training and be more productive.
We use your data to authorize access to our Services and honor your settings.
Stay Connected
Our Services allow you to stay in touch and up to date with colleagues, partners, clients, and other professional contacts. To do so, you can “connect” with the professionals who you choose, and who also wish to “connect” with you. Subject to your and their
settings
, when you connect with other Members, you will be able to search each others’ connections in order to exchange professional opportunities.
We use data about you (such as your profile, profiles you have viewed or data provided through address book uploads or partner integrations) to help others find your profile, suggest connections for you and others (e.g. Members who share your contacts or job experiences) and enable you to invite others to become a Member and connect with you. You can also opt-in to allow us to use your precise location or proximity to others for certain tasks (e.g. to suggest other nearby Members for you to connect with, calculate the commute to a new job, or notify your connections that you are at a professional event).
It is your choice whether to invite someone to our Services, send a connection request, or allow another Member to become your connection. When you invite someone to connect with you, your invitation will include your network and basic profile information (e.g., name, profile photo, job title, region). We will send invitation reminders to the person you invited. You can
choose
whether or not to share your own list of connections with your connections.
Visitors have
choices
about how we use their data.
Stay Informed
Our Services allow you to stay informed about news, events and ideas regarding professional topics you care about, and from professionals you respect. Our Services also allow you to improve your professional skills, or learn new ones. We use the data we have about you (e.g., data you provide, data we collect from your engagement with our Services and inferences we make from the data we have about you), to personalize our Services for you, such as by recommending or ranking relevant content and conversations on our Services. We also use the data we have about you to suggest skills you could add to your profile and skills that you might need to pursue your next opportunity. So, if you let us know that you are interested in a new skill (e.g., by watching a learning video), we will use this information to personalize content in your feed, suggest that you follow certain Members on our site, or suggest related learning content to help you towards that new skill. We use your content, activity and other data, including your name and photo, to provide notices to your network and others. For example, subject to your
settings
, we may notify others that you have updated your profile, posted content, took a
social action
, used a feature, made new connections or were
mentioned in the news
.
Career
Our Services allow you to explore careers, evaluate educational opportunities, and seek out, and be found for, career opportunities. Your profile can be found by those looking to hire (for a job or a
specific task
) or be hired by you. We will use your data to recommend jobs and show you and others relevant professional contacts (e.g., who work at a company, in an industry, function or location or have certain skills and connections). You can signal that you are
interested
in changing jobs and share information with recruiters. We will use your data to recommend jobs to you and you to recruiters. We may use automated systems to provide content and recommendations to help make our Services more relevant to our Members, Visitors and customers. Keeping your profile accurate and up-to-date may help you better connect to others and to opportunities through our Services.
Productivity
Our Services allow you to collaborate with colleagues, search for potential clients, customers, partners and others to do business with. Our Services allow you to communicate with other Members and schedule and prepare meetings with them. If your
settings
allow, we scan messages to provide “bots” or similar tools that facilitate tasks such as scheduling meetings, drafting responses, summarizing messages or recommending next steps.
Learn more
.
2.2 Premium Services
Our premium Services help paying users to search for and contact Members through our Services, such as searching for and contacting job candidates, sales leads and co-workers, manage talent and promote content.
We sell premium Services that provide our customers and subscribers with customized-search functionality and tools (including messaging and activity alerts) as part of our talent, marketing and sales solutions. Customers can export limited information from your profile, such as name, headline, current company, current title, and general location (e.g., Dublin), such as to manage sales leads or talent, unless you
opt-out
. We do not provide contact information to customers as part of these premium Services without your consent. Premium Services customers can store information they have about you in our premium Services, such as a resume or contact information or sales history. The data stored about you by these customers is subject to the policies of those customers. Other enterprise Services and features that use your data include
TeamLink
and
LinkedIn Pages
(e.g., content analytics and followers).
2.3 Communications
We contact you and enable communications between Members. We offer settings to control what messages you receive and how often you receive some types of messages.
We will contact you through email, mobile phone, notices posted on our websites or apps, messages to your LinkedIn inbox, and other ways through our Services, including text messages and push notifications. We will send you messages about the availability of our Services, security, or other service-related issues. We also send messages about how to use our Services, network updates, reminders, job suggestions and promotional messages from us and our partners. You may change your communication
preferences
at any time. Please be aware that you cannot opt out of receiving service messages from us, including security and legal notices.
We also enable
communications
between you and others through our Services, including for example
invitations
,
InMail
,
groups
and
messages
between connections.
2.4 Advertising
We serve you tailored ads both on and off our Services. We offer you choices regarding personalized ads, but you cannot opt-out of seeing non-personalized ads.
We target (and measure the performance of) ads to Members, Visitors and others both on and off our Services directly or through a variety of partners, using the following data, whether separately or combined:
Data collected by advertising technologies on and off our Services using pixels, ad tags (e.g., when an advertiser installs a LinkedIn
tag
on their website), cookies, and other device identifiers;
Member-provided information (e.g., profile, contact information, title and industry);
Data from your use of our Services (e.g., search history, feed, content you read, who you follow or is following you, connections,
groups
participation, page visits, videos you watch, clicking on an ad, etc.), including as described in Section 1.3;
Information from advertising
partners
, vendors and
publishers
; and
Information inferred from data described above (e.g., using job titles from a profile to infer industry, seniority, and compensation bracket; using graduation dates to infer age or using first names or pronoun usage to infer gender; using your feed activity to infer your interests; or using device data to recognize you as a Member).
Learn more
about the inferences we make and how they may be used for advertising.
Learn more
about the ad technologies we use and our advertising services and partners. You can learn more about our compliance with laws in the Designated Countries or the UK in our
European Regional Privacy Notice
.
We will show you ads called
sponsored content
which look similar to non-sponsored content, except that they are labeled as advertising (e.g., as “ad” or “sponsored”). If you take a social action (such as like, comment or share) on these ads, your action is associated with your name and viewable by others, including the advertiser. Subject to your
settings
, if you take a social action on the LinkedIn Services, that action may be mentioned with related ads. For example, when you like a company we may include your name and photo when their sponsored content is shown.
Ad Choices
You have choices regarding our uses of certain categories of data to show you more relevant ads. Member settings
can be found here
. For Visitors,
the setting is here
.
Info to Ad Providers
We do not share your personal data with any third-party advertisers or ad networks except for: (i) hashed IDs or device identifiers (to the extent they are personal data in some countries); (ii) with your separate permission (e.g., in a lead generation form) or (iii) data already visible to any users of the Services (e.g., profile). However, if you view or click on an ad on or off our Services, the ad provider will get a signal that someone visited the page that displayed the ad, and they may, through the use of mechanisms such as cookies, determine it is you. Advertising partners can associate personal data collected by the advertiser directly from you with hashed IDs or device identifiers received from us. We seek to contractually require such advertising partners to obtain your explicit, opt-in consent before doing so where legally required, and in such instances, we take steps to ensure that consent has been provided before processing data from them.
2.5 Marketing
We promote our Services to you and others.
In addition to advertising our Services, we use Members’ data and content for invitations and communications promoting membership and network growth, engagement and our Services, such as by showing your connections that you have used a feature on our Services.
2.6 Developing Services and Research
We develop our Services and conduct research
Service Development
We use data, including public feedback, to conduct
research
and development for our Services in order to provide you and others with a better, more intuitive and personalized experience, drive membership growth and engagement on our Services, and help connect professionals to each other and to economic opportunity.
Other Research
We seek to create economic opportunity for Members of the global workforce and to help them be more productive and successful. We use the personal data available to us to research social, economic and workplace trends, such as jobs availability and skills needed for these
jobs
and policies that help bridge the gap in various industries and geographic areas. In some cases, we work with trusted third parties to perform this research, under
controls
that are designed to protect your privacy. We may also make public data available to
researchers
to enable assessment of the safety and legal compliance of our Services. We publish or allow others to publish economic insights, presented as aggregated data rather than personal data.
Surveys
Polls and surveys are conducted by us and others through our Services. You are not obligated to respond to polls or surveys, and you have choices about the information you provide. You may
opt-out
of survey invitations.
2.7 Customer Support
We use data to help you and fix problems.
We use data (which can include your communications) to investigate, respond to and resolve complaints and for Service issues (e.g., bugs).
2.8 Insights That Do Not Identify You
We use data to generate insights that do not identify you.
We use your
data
to perform analytics to produce and share insights that do not identify you. For example, we may use your data to generate statistics about our Members, their profession or industry, to calculate ad impressions served or clicked on (e.g., for basic business reporting to support billing and budget management or, subject to your
settings
, for reports to advertisers who may use them to inform their advertising campaigns), to show Members' information about engagement with a
post
or LinkedIn
Page
, to publish visitor demographics for a Service or create demographic workforce insights, or to understand usage of our services.
2.9 Security and Investigations
We use data for security, fraud prevention and investigations.
We and our Affiliates, including Microsoft, may use your data (including your communications) for security purposes or to prevent or investigate possible fraud or other violations of the law, our
User Agreement
and/or attempts to harm our Members, Visitors, company, Affiliates, or others.
Social Action
E.g. like, comment, follow, share
Partners
Partners include ad networks, exchanges and others
3. How We Share Information
3.1 Our Services
Any data that you include on your profile and any content you post or social action (e.g., likes, follows, comments, shares) you take on our Services will be seen by others, consistent with your settings.
Profile
Your profile is fully visible to all Members and customers of our Services. Subject to your
settings
, it can also be visible to others on or off of our Services (e.g., Visitors to our Services or users of third-party search tools). As detailed in our
Help Center
, your settings, degree of connection with the viewing Member, the subscriptions they may have, their
usage of our Services
, access channels and search types (e.g., by name or by keyword) impact the availability of your profile and whether they can view certain fields in your profile.
Posts, Likes, Follows, Comments, Messages
Our Services allow viewing and sharing information including through posts, likes, follows and comments.
When you share an article or a post (e.g., an update, image, video or article) publicly it can be viewed by everyone and re-shared anywhere (subject to your
settings
). Members, Visitors and others will be able to find and see your publicly-shared content, including your name (and photo if you have provided one).
In a
group
, posts are visible to others according to group type. For example, posts in private groups are visible to others in the group and posts in public groups are visible publicly. Your membership in groups is public and part of your profile, but you can change visibility in your
settings
.
Any information you share through companies’ or other organizations’ pages on our Services will be viewable by those organizations and others who view those pages' content.
When you follow a person or organization, you are visible to others and that “page owner” as a follower.
We let senders know when you act on their message, subject to your
settings
where applicable.
Subject to your
settings
, we let a Member know when you view their profile. We also give you
choices
about letting organizations know when you've viewed their Page.
When you like or re-share or comment on another’s content (including ads), others will be able to view these “social actions” and associate it with you (e.g., your name, profile and photo if you provided it).
Your employer can see how you use Services they provided for your work (e.g. as a recruiter or sales agent) and related information. We will not show them your job searches or personal messages.
Enterprise Accounts
Your employer may offer you access to our enterprise Services such as Recruiter, Sales Navigator, LinkedIn Learning or our advertising Campaign Manager. Your employer can review and manage your use of such enterprise Services.
Depending on the enterprise Service, before you use such Service, we will ask for permission to share with your employer relevant data from your profile or use of our non-enterprise Services. For example, users of Sales Navigator will be asked to share their “social selling index”, a score calculated in part based on their personal account activity. We understand that certain activities such as job hunting and personal messages are sensitive, and so we do not share those with your employer unless you choose to share it with them through our Services (for example, by applying for a new position in the same company or mentioning your job hunting in a message to a co-worker through our Services).
Subject to your
settings
, when you use workplace tools and services (e.g., interactive employee directory tools) certain of your data may also be made available to your employer or be connected with information we receive from your employer to enable these tools and services.
3.2 Communication Archival
Regulated Members may need to store communications outside of our Service.
Some Members (or their employers) need, for legal or professional compliance, to archive their communications and social media activity, and will use services of others to provide these archival services. We enable archiving of messages by and to those Members outside of our Services. For example, a financial advisor needs to archive communications with her clients through our Services in order to maintain her professional financial advisor license.
3.3 Others’ Services
You may link your account with others’ services so that they can look up your contacts’ profiles, post your shares on such platforms, or enable you to start conversations with your connections on such platforms. Excerpts from your profile will also appear on the services of others.
Subject to your
settings
, other services may look up your profile. When you opt to link your account with other services, personal data (e.g., your name, title, and company) will become available to them. The sharing and use of that personal data will be described in, or linked to, a consent screen when you opt to link the accounts. For example, you may link your Twitter or WeChat account to share content from our Services into these other services, or your email provider may give you the option to upload your LinkedIn contacts into its own service. Third-party services have their own privacy policies, and you may be giving them permission to use your data in ways we would not. You may
revoke
the link with such accounts.
The information you make available to others in our Services (e.g., information from your profile, your posts, your engagement with the posts, or message to Pages)
may be available to them on other services
. For example, search tools, mail and calendar applications, or talent and lead managers may show a user limited profile data (subject to your
settings
), and social media management tools or other platforms may display your posts. The information retained on these services may not reflect updates you make on LinkedIn.
3.4 Related Services
We share your data across our different Services and LinkedIn affiliated entities.
We will share your personal data with our Affiliates to provide and develop our Services. For example, we may refer a query to Bing in some instances, such as where you'd benefit from a more up to date response in a chat experience. In regions outside the Designated Countries, we may also share your publicly-shared content (such as your public LinkedIn posts) with our Affiliates, including Microsoft, to provide or develop their services.
Where allowed
, we may combine information internally across the different Services covered by this Privacy Policy to help our Services be more relevant and useful to you and others. For example, we may personalize your feed or job recommendations based on your learning history.
3.5 Service Providers
We may use others to help us with our Services.
We use others to help us provide our Services (e.g., maintenance, analysis, audit, payments, fraud detection, customer support, marketing and development). They will have access to your information (e.g., the contents of a customer support request) as reasonably necessary to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for other purposes. If you purchase a Service from us, we may use a payments service provider who may separately collect information about you (e.g., for fraud prevention or to comply with legal obligations).
3.6 Legal Disclosures
We may need to share your data when we believe it’s required by law or to help protect the rights and safety of you, us or others.
It is possible that we will need to disclose information about you when required by law, subpoena, or other legal process or if we have a good faith belief that disclosure is reasonably necessary to (1) investigate, prevent or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities or to assist government enforcement agencies; (2) enforce our agreements with you; (3) investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations; (4) protect the security or integrity of our Services or the products or services of our Affiliates (such as by sharing with companies facing similar threats); or (5) exercise or protect the rights and safety of LinkedIn, our Members, personnel or others. We attempt to notify Members about legal demands for their personal data when appropriate in our judgment, unless prohibited by law or court order or when the request is an emergency. We may dispute such demands when we believe, in our discretion, that the requests are overbroad, vague or lack proper authority, but we do not promise to challenge every demand. To learn more see our
Data Request Guidelines
and
Transparency Report
.
3.7 Change in Control or Sale
We may share your data when our business is sold to others, but it must continue to be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
We can also share your personal data as part of a sale, merger or change in control, or in preparation for any of these events. Any other entity which buys us or part of our business will have the right to continue to use your data, but only in the manner set out in this Privacy Policy unless you agree otherwise.
4. Your Choices & Obligations
4.1 Data Retention
We keep most of your personal data for as long as your account is open.
We generally retain your personal data as long as you keep your account open or as needed to provide you Services. This includes data you or others provided to us and data generated or inferred from your use of our Services. Even if you only use our Services when looking for a new job every few years, we will retain your information and keep your profile open, unless you close your account. In some cases we choose to retain certain information (e.g., insights about Services use) in a depersonalized or aggregated form.
4.2 Rights to Access and Control Your Personal Data
You can access or delete your personal data. You have many choices about how your data is collected, used and shared.
We provide many
choices
about the collection, use and sharing of your data, from deleting or correcting data you include in your
profile
and controlling the visibility of your
posts
to advertising
opt-outs
and
communication
controls. We offer you
settings
to control and manage the personal data we have about you.
For personal data that we have about you, you can:
Delete Data
: You can ask us to erase or delete all or some of your personal data (e.g., if it is no longer necessary to provide Services to you).
Change or Correct Data
: You can edit some of your personal data through your account. You can also ask us to change, update or fix your data in certain cases, particularly if it’s inaccurate.
Object to, or Limit or Restrict, Use of Data
: You can ask us to stop using all or some of your personal data (e.g., if we have no legal right to keep using it) or to limit our use of it (e.g., if your personal data is inaccurate or unlawfully held).
Right to Access and/or Take Your Data
: You can ask us for a copy of your personal data and can ask for a copy of personal data you provided in machine readable form.
Visitors can
learn more about how to make these requests here
. You may also contact us using the contact information below, and we will consider your request in accordance with applicable laws.
Residents in the
Designated Countries and the UK
, and
other regions
, may have additional rights under their laws.
4.3 Account Closure
We keep some of your data even after you close your account.
If you choose to close your
LinkedIn
account, your personal data will generally stop being visible to others on our Services within 24 hours. We generally delete closed account information within 30 days of account closure, except as noted below.
We retain your personal data even after you have closed your account if reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations (including law enforcement requests), meet regulatory requirements, resolve disputes, maintain security, prevent fraud and abuse (e.g., if we have
restricted
your account for breach of our
Professional Community Policies
), enforce our User Agreement, or fulfill your request to "unsubscribe" from further messages from us. We will retain de-personalized information after your account has been closed.
Information you have shared with others (e.g., through InMail, updates or group posts) will remain visible after you close your account or delete the information from your own profile or mailbox, and we do not control data that other Members have copied out of our Services. Groups content and ratings or review content associated with closed accounts will show an unknown user as the source. Your profile may continue to be displayed in the services of others (e.g., search tools) until they refresh their cache.
5. Other Important Information
5.1. Security
We monitor for and try to prevent security breaches. Please use the security features available through our Services.
We implement security safeguards designed to protect your data, such as HTTPS. We regularly monitor our systems for possible vulnerabilities and attacks. However, we cannot warrant the security of any information that you send us. There is no guarantee that data may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards. Please visit our
Safety Center
for additional information about safely using our Services, including
two-factor authentication
.
5.2. Cross-Border Data Transfers
We store and use your data outside your country.
We process data both inside and outside of the United States and rely on legally-provided mechanisms to lawfully transfer data across borders.
Learn more
. Countries where we process data may have laws which are different from, and potentially not as protective as, the laws of your own country.
5.3 Lawful Bases for Processing
We have lawful bases to collect, use and share data about you. You have choices about our use of your data. At any time, you can withdraw consent you have provided by going to settings.
We will only collect and process personal data about you where we have lawful bases. Lawful bases include consent (where you have given consent), contract (where processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you (e.g., to deliver the LinkedIn Services you have requested) and “legitimate interests.”
Learn more
.
Where we rely on your
consent
to process personal data, you have the right to withdraw or decline your consent at any time and where we rely on legitimate interests, you have the right to object.
Learn More
. If you have any questions about the lawful bases upon which we collect and use your personal data, please
contact our Data Protection Officer here
.
If you're located in one of the Designated Countries or the UK, you can learn more about our lawful bases for processing in our
European Regional Privacy Notice
.
5.4. Direct Marketing and Do Not Track Signals
Our statements regarding direct marketing and “do not track” signals.
We currently do not share personal data with third parties for their direct marketing purposes without your permission.
Learn more
about this and about our response to “do not track” signals.
5.5. Contact Information
You can contact us or use other options to resolve any complaints.
If you have questions or complaints regarding this Policy, please first
contact LinkedIn
online. You can also reach us by
physical mail
. If contacting us does not resolve your complaint, you have more
options
. Residents in the
Designated Countries
and
other regions
may also have the right to
contact our Data Protection Officer here
or at
DPO@linkedin.com
. If this does not resolve your complaint, Residents in the Designated Countries and other regions may have more
options
under their laws.
Consent
Where we process data based on consent, we will ask for your explicit consent. You may withdraw your consent at any time, but that will not affect the lawfulness of the processing of your personal data prior to such withdrawal. Where we rely on contract, we will ask that you agree to the processing of personal data that is necessary for entering into or performance of your contract with us. We will rely on legitimate interests as a basis for data processing where the processing of your data is not overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms.
Sub-policy 5
https://meditopia.com/en/privacy-policy:
About cookies on this site
We use cookies to collect and analyse information on site performance and usage, to provide social media features and to enhance and customise content and advertisements.
Learn more
Allow all cookies
Deny all
Cookie settings
Cookie settings
Cookie declaration
Cookies used on the site are categorized and below you can read about each category and allow or deny some or all of them. When categories than have been previously allowed are disabled, all cookies assigned to that category will be removed from your browser.
Additionally you can see a list of cookies assigned to each category and detailed information in the cookie declaration.
Learn more
Allow all cookies
Deny all

Necessary cookies
Some cookies are required to provide core functionality. The website won't function properly without these cookies and they are enabled by default and cannot be disabled.

Preferences
Preference cookies enables the web site to remember information to customize how the web site looks or behaves for each user. This may include storing selected currency, region, language or color theme.

Analytical cookies
Analytical cookies help us improve our website by collecting and reporting information on its usage.

Marketing cookies
Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites to allow publishers to display relevant and engaging advertisements. By enabling marketing cookies, you grant permission for personalized advertising across various platforms.

Other cookies
The cookies in this category have not yet been categorized and the purpose may be unknown at this time.
Cookies used on the site are categorized and below you can read about each category and allow or deny some or all of them. When categories than have been previously allowed are disabled, all cookies assigned to that category will be removed from your browser.
Additionally you can see a list of cookies assigned to each category and detailed information in the cookie declaration.
Learn more
Some cookies are required to provide core functionality. The website won't function properly without these cookies and they are enabled by default and cannot be disabled.
Necessary cookies
Name
Hostname
Path
Expiry
Tags
m
m.stripe.com
/
400 days
3rd party
Used by Stripe Payment Services for fraud prevention and detection.
__stripe_mid
.meditopia.com
/
365 days
Stripe is used to making credit card payments. Stripe uses a cookie to remember who you are and to enable the website to process payments without storing any credit card information on its own servers.
__stripe_sid
.meditopia.com
/
1 hour
Stripe is used to making credit card payments. Stripe uses a cookie to remember who you are and to enable the website to process payments without storing any credit card information on its own servers.
cookiehub
.meditopia.com
/
365 days
Used by CookieHub to store information about whether visitors have given or declined the use of cookie categories used on the site.
__cf_bm
.calendly.com
/
1 hour
3rd party
The __cf_bm cookie supports Cloudflare Bot Management by managing incoming traffic that matches criteria associated with bots. The cookie does not collect any personal data, and any information collected is subject to one-way encryption.
__cfruid
.calendly.com
/
Session
3rd party
This cookie is set by Cloudflare for rate limiting policies.
__cf_bm
.flexoffers.com
/
1 hour
3rd party
The __cf_bm cookie supports Cloudflare Bot Management by managing incoming traffic that matches criteria associated with bots. The cookie does not collect any personal data, and any information collected is subject to one-way encryption.
_cfuvid
.calendly.com
/
Session
3rd party
Used by Cloudflare WAF to distinguish individual users who share the same IP address and apply rate limits
Preference cookies enables the web site to remember information to customize how the web site looks or behaves for each user. This may include storing selected currency, region, language or color theme.
Preferences
Name
Hostname
Path
Expiry
Tags
lang
meditopia.com
/
365 days
Session-based cookie that remembers the user's selected language version of a website.
lidc
.linkedin.com
/
1 day
3rd party
Used by LinkedIn for routing.
li_gc
.linkedin.com
/
180 days
3rd party
Used by LinkedIn to store consent of guests regarding the use of cookies for non-essential purposes
sync_cookie_csrf
.mc.yandex.com
/
1 hour
3rd party
This is a Yandex Cookie. It is used for security purposes in order to avoid Cross-Site Request Forgery, (CSRF).
sync_cookie_csrf
.mc.yandex.ru
/
1 hour
3rd party
This is a Yandex Cookie. It is used for security purposes in order to avoid Cross-Site Request Forgery, (CSRF).
Analytical cookies help us improve our website by collecting and reporting information on its usage.
Analytical cookies
Name
Hostname
Path
Expiry
Tags
_gid
.meditopia.com
/
1 day
Contains a unique identifier used by Google Analytics to determine that two distinct hits belong to the same user across browsing sessions.
_ga_*
.meditopia.com
/
400 days
Contains a unique identifier used by Google Analytics 4 to determine that two distinct hits belong to the same user across browsing sessions.
_ga
.meditopia.com
/
400 days
Contains a unique identifier used by Google Analytics to determine that two distinct hits belong to the same user across browsing sessions.
_ym_uid
.meditopia.com
/
365 days
Used by Yandex.Metrika to identify site users
_ym_d
.meditopia.com
/
365 days
Used by Yandex.Metrika to save the date of the user's first site session
yandexuid
.yandex.ru
/
400 days
3rd party
This cookie is used by Yandex.Metrica to identify the users. This cookie collects
information about how visitors use the website. This information is used for internal analysis and site optimisation.
_ym_isad
.meditopia.com
/
20 hours
Used by Yandex.Metrika to determine whether a user has ad blockers
_scid
.meditopia.com
/
395 days, 17 hours
Snapchat pixel unique ID of the user, similar to how the _ga cookie works with Google Analytics
sc_at
.snapchat.com
/
390 days
3rd party
Used to identify a visitor across multiple domains.
_dc_gtm_*
.meditopia.com
/
1 hour
Used to throttle request rate. If Google Analytics is deployed via Google Tag Manager
_hjSessionUser_*
.meditopia.com
/
365 days
Hotjar cookie. This cookie is set when the customer first lands on a page with the Hotjar script. It is used to persist the Hotjar User ID, unique to that site on the browser. This ensures that behavior in subsequent visits to the same site will be attributed to the same user ID.
_hjSession_*
.meditopia.com
/
1 hour
Used by Hotjar to hold current session data.
CLID
www.clarity.ms
/
365 days
3rd party
Identifies the first-time Clarity saw this user on any site using Clarity.
bcookie
.linkedin.com
/
365 days
3rd party
This is a Microsoft MSN 1st party cookie for sharing the content of the website via social media.
SM
.c.clarity.ms
/
Session
3rd party
This cookie is installed by Clarity. The cookie is used to store non-personally identifiable information. The cookie is used in synchronizing the MUID (Microsoft unique user ID) across Microsoft domains.
MUID
.clarity.ms
/
390 days
3rd party
Microsoft User Identifier tracking cookie used by Bing Ads. It can be set by embedded microsoft scripts. Widely believed to sync across many different Microsoft domains, allowing user tracking.
_clck
.meditopia.com
/
365 days
Persists the Clarity User ID and preferences, unique to that site, on the browser. This ensures that behavior in subsequent visits to the same site will be attributed to the same user ID.
_clsk
.meditopia.com
/
1 day
Connects multiple page views by a user into a single Clarity session recording.
MUID
.bing.com
/
390 days
3rd party
Microsoft User Identifier tracking cookie used by Bing Ads. It can be set by embedded microsoft scripts. Widely believed to sync across many different Microsoft domains, allowing user tracking.
YSC
.youtube.com
/
Session
3rd party
This cookie is set by YouTube video service on pages with YouTube embedded videos to track views.
MR
.c.bing.com
/
7 days
3rd party
Used by Microsoft Clarity to indicate whether to refresh MUID.
MR
.c.clarity.ms
/
7 days
3rd party
Used by Microsoft Clarity to indicate whether to refresh MUID.
yandexuid
.yandex.com
/
365 days
3rd party
This cookie is used by Yandex.Metrica to identify the users. This cookie collects
information about how visitors use the website. This information is used for internal analysis and site optimisation.
sync_cookie_ok
.mc.yandex.com
/
1 day
3rd party
Used by Yandex Metrica to survey and track user behavior.
_gat_*
.meditopia.com
/
1 hour
Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate (limit the collection of data on high traffic sites)
yp
.yandex.ru
/
400 days
3rd party
Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites to allow publishers to display relevant and engaging advertisements. By enabling marketing cookies, you grant permission for personalized advertising across various platforms.
Marketing cookies
Name
Hostname
Path
Expiry
Tags
test_cookie
.doubleclick.net
/
1 hour
3rd party
Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies
UserMatchHistory
.linkedin.com
/
30 days
3rd party
Contains a unique identifier used by LinkedIn to determine that two distinct hits belong to the same user across browsing sessions.
AnalyticsSyncHistory
.linkedin.com
/
30 days
3rd party
Used by LinkedIn to store information about the time a sync with the lms_analytics cookie took place for users in the Designated Countries
_fbp
.meditopia.com
/
90 days
Facebook Pixel advertising first-party cookie. Used by Facebook to track visits across websites to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers.
SRM_B
.c.bing.com
/
390 days
3rd party
This cookie is installed by Microsoft Bing. Identifies unique web browsers visiting Microsoft sites.
ANONCHK
.c.clarity.ms
/
1 hour
3rd party
Used to store session ID for a users session to ensure that clicks from adverts on the Bing search engine are verified for reporting purposes and for personalisation
_uetsid
.meditopia.com
/
1 day
This cookie is used by Bing to determine what ads should be shown that may be relevant to the end user perusing the site.
_uetvid
.meditopia.com
/
390 days
Used by Microsoft Advertising to store a unique, anonymized visitor ID to personalize marketing.
IDE
.doubleclick.net
/
390 days
3rd party
Used by Google's DoubleClick to serve targeted advertisements that are relevant to users across the web. Targeted advertisements may be displayed to users based on previous visits to a website. These cookies measure the conversion rate of ads presented to the user.
_ttp
.tiktok.com
/
390 days
3rd party
Used by Tiktok to measure and improve the performance of advertising campaigns and to personalize the user's experience (including ads) on TikTok.
_tt_enable_cookie
.meditopia.com
/
390 days
Cookie set by TikTok
_ttp
.meditopia.com
/
390 days
Used by Tiktok to measure and improve the performance of advertising campaigns and to personalize the user's experience (including ads) on TikTok.
bscookie
.www.linkedin.com
/
365 days
3rd party
Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services.
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE
.youtube.com
/
180 days
3rd party
Set by YouTube and used for various purposes, including analytical and advertising.
li_sugr
.linkedin.com
/
90 days
3rd party
Used by LinkedIn to make a probabilistic match of a user's identity outside the Designated Countries
yabs-sid
mc.yandex.com
/
Session
3rd party
This cookie is used by Yandex to record data on the behavior of the website visitor on the Website.
yuidss
.yandex.com
/
365 days
3rd party
Used by Yandex for identifying site users
ymex
.yandex.com
/
365 days
3rd party
Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization.
_gcl_au
.meditopia.com
/
90 days
Used by Google AdSense to understand user interaction with the website by generating analytical data.
MSPTC
.bing.com
/
390 days
3rd party
receive-cookie-deprecation
.yandex.com
/
365 days
3rd party
Privacy Sandbox testing cookie to preview how site behavior and functionality work without third-party cookies.
tuuid
.company-target.com
/
400 days
3rd party
This cookie is mainly set by bidswitch.net to make advertising messages more relevant to the website visitor.
tuuid_lu
.company-target.com
/
400 days
3rd party
This cookie is usually provided by bidswitch.net and is used for advertising purposes.
CMID
.casalemedia.com
/
365 days
3rd party
Cookie is set by Casale Media. The main business activity is linked to advertising and tracking the products users are looking at.
CMPS
.casalemedia.com
/
90 days
3rd party
Cookie is set by Casale Media. The main business activity is linked to advertising and tracking the products users are looking at.
CMPRO
.casalemedia.com
/
90 days
3rd party
Cookie is set by Casale Media. The main business activity is linked to advertising and tracking the products users are looking at.
tvid
.tremorhub.com
/
365 days, 6 hours
3rd party
Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers.
tv_UIDM
.tremorhub.com
/
400 days
3rd party
Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers.
yuidss
.yandex.ru
/
400 days
3rd party
Used by Yandex for identifying site users
ymex
.yandex.ru
/
365 days
3rd party
Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization.
The cookies in this category have not yet been categorized and the purpose may be unknown at this time.
Other cookies
Name
Hostname
Path
Expiry
Tags
X-AB
sc-static.net
/scevent.min.js
1 day
3rd party
i
.yandex.ru
/
400 days
3rd party
auth.strategy
meditopia.com
/
Session
amp_2ec194
.meditopia.com
/
365 days
_p2s_uvi
.meditopia.com
/
365 days
UTMparams
meditopia.com
/
Session
_scid_r
.meditopia.com
/
395 days, 17 hours
i
.yandex.com
/
400 days
3rd party
bh
.yandex.com
/
365 days
3rd party
yashr
.yandex.ru
/
365 days
3rd party
yashr
.yandex.com
/
365 days
3rd party
VISITOR_PRIVACY_METADATA
.youtube.com
/
180 days
3rd party
Save settings
Meditation
Browse Category
Benefits of Meditation
Guided Imagery
Meditation for Anxiety
How to Relax
Morning Meditation
Meditation For Sleep
Daily Meditation
Guided Meditation
Meditation Music
Mindfulness Meditation
Breathing Exercises
Latest Articles
More articles
Relaxing Breathing Techniques
Energy Boosting Breathing Exercises
Sleep
Browse Category
Back to Sleep
How to Improve Sleep Quality
Benefits of Becoming a Morning Person
Sleep Hygiene
Sleep Hacks
Napping
Power Nap
Why Am I Always Tired?
Sounds For Sleep
How To Fall Asleep
Sleep Music
Latest Articles
More articles
Relaxing Breathing Techniques
Energy Boosting Breathing Exercises
Mindfulness
Browse Category
Mindful Driving
Meditative Mind
Mindfulness for Beginners
Mindful Eating
Mindfulness in Schools
Mindfulness Exercises
Mindfulness Activities
Mindfulness-Based Stress Reduction
Mindfulness and Psychology
Benefits of Mindfulness
Mindful Breathing
What Is Mindfulness?
How To Be Happy
How To Practice Mindfulness
Mindfulness Meditation
Latest Articles
More articles
Relaxing Breathing Techniques
Energy Boosting Breathing Exercises
Business
Partnership
Login
START FREE ASSESSMENT
Privacy Policy
General Information
Thank you for visiting our website and using our App! The protection of personal data is of high importance for us. In fact, Meditopia is committed to protecting your personal data and treating it with the utmost care and respect. This Privacy Policy shall inform you about the processing of personal data on our website and in our App according to Art. 13, 14 GDPR. Personal data ("
data
") is any information relating to an identified or identifiable person. “Processing" of data means any operation or set of operations which is performed upon personal data, whether or not by automatic means, such as collection, recording, organization, filing, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction.
This Privacy Policy can be accessed and printed out at any time on the website. We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy to ensure compliance with the statutory provisions.
Controller
The Controller of your personal data is
The Meditation Company GmbH
Address: Brandenburgische Strasse 86/87
10713 Berlin Deutschland
Email: hello@meditopia.com
Controller is any natural or legal person who alone or jointly with others determines the purposes and means of the processing of personal data. The Meditation Company GmbH is the controller in connection with the use of Meditopia’s services and products in the European Union.
Data Protection Officer
For the protection of your data we Appointed a Data Protection Officer DPO.
You can reach our DPO at any time here: gdpr@meditopia.com
Scope of Data Processing
We only process the data as necessary and only for the purpose of providing a functional and user-friendly website and App as well as for the provision of our content and services. The legal basis for data protection can be found in particular in Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data, on the free movement of such data and repealing Directive 95/46/EC ("
General Data Protection Regulation
", GDPR) as well as in the German Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG) and the German Act on Data Protection in Telecommunication and Telemedia (TTDSG).
We use various third-party providers, e.g. in the areas of hosting or mailing services, each of which processes data on our behalf. We have concluded corresponding order processing agreements with these third-party providers, which ensure that an adequate level of data protection is also guaranteed with respect to our (sub-)processors (Art. 28 GDPR). For more information on the third-party providers used, please feel free to contact our DPO.
We process contact information, usage data or other information that you provide to us. Details are set out in the table below or as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy or to you:
Data
Purpose
Legal Basis
contact data (e.g. name, address, telephone number), other contract data (e.g. orders)
communication or storage/processing of data in order to establish, implement and/or handle a contractual relationship; this may also include our online services
Art. 6 (1) b) GDPR
contact, contract and usage data
analysis of data on the basis of our legitimate interests in the form of quality assurance and marketing
Art. 6 (1) f) GDPR
data that you provide on the basis of consent (e.g. within the scope of registration)
with your consent for the purposes stated when giving it; this Applies, for example, to the data you provide voluntarily
Art. 6 (1) a) GDPR
We only process your data if this is necessary for the stated purposes. Failure to provide the data may have legal disadvantages, such as the loss of legal positions, for example, no response to your enquiry or the impracticability of a contract.
As a matter of principle, we will only transfer or disclose your data to third parties if we have obtained your consent or if there is another legal basis for doing so. We process your data only through our German entity thus process personal data within the EU/EEA. In case your data is processed outside the EU/EEA, e.g. when using third party tools (like Zoom), compliance with the Applicable laws is ensured in each case. If your data is transferred to third countries, such as the United States, we ensure that the legal requirements according to Art. 44 ff. GDPR for such a transfer are met and that your data is processed in the third country in accordance with the European data protection standards. For this purpose, we generally use the so-called EU standard contractual clauses (SCCs) that we conclude with the respective provider. Further, in accordance with the requirements of the ECJ following the "Schrems II" decision, a case-by-case risk analysis is carried out with regard to the respective third country. For further information, you can also contact our DPO.
Furthermore, we have taken technical and organizational measures to ensure that the regulations on data protection are observed both by us and by external service providers. For security reasons and to protect the transmission of confidential content that you send to us as the site operator, our website uses SSL or TLS encryption.
Visiting the Website
We collect data about every visit to our website (so-called server log files). The data listed below is processed as follows:
Data
Purpose
Legal Basis
name of the website accessed, file, date and time of access, amount of data transferred, notification of successful access, browser type and version, operating system/version, referrer URL (the previously visited page), IP address and the requesting provider, country code, language, device name, if Applicable.
statistical evaluations for the purpose of optimizing our website, ensuring the stability and operational security of the website
Art. 6 (1) f) GDPR based on our legitimate interest in fraud prevention and quality assurance
fulfillment of legal obligations, for reasons of data security
Art. 6 (1) c) GDPR
Contact and Emails
If you send us an email or contact us via the contact form, the information from the respective enquiry, including the contact data provided, will be stored by us for the purpose of processing the enquiry as follows:
Data
Purpose
Legal Basis
your enquiry, contact details (e.g. name, company, country, email address) or other data provided in the enquiry
communicating or storing/processing data in order to determine company enquiries, to establish, perform and/or settle a contractual relationship; this may include responding to your enquiry or making a refund
Art. 6 (1) b) GDPR
processing of data based on your consent to respond to the request
Art. 6 (1) a) GDPR
Download and Use of the App
When downloading the App in the App Store or Play Store, the required information is transferred to the respective store provider in particular
username
email address
customer number of your account
time of download
payment information
individual device code number.
We have no influence on this data collection and are not responsible for it. We process the data only to the extent necessary for downloading the App to your mobile device. When using the App, we collect the personal data described below in order to enable convenient use of the functions:
Data
Purpose
Legal Basis
IP address, Date and time of the request, Time zone, Contents of the request, Access status/HTTP status code, amount of data transferred in each case, website from which the request originates, browser, Operating system and its interface, Language and version of the browser software
Providing our services
Art. 6 (1) b) GDPR
Ensuring of usability and stability of our system
Art. 6 (1) f) GDPR
Further we need your device identification, unique number of the terminal (IMEI = International Mobile Equipment Identity), unique number of the network subscriber (IMSI = International Mobile Subscriber Identity), mobile phone number (MSISDN), MAC address for WLAN use, name of your mobile terminal, e-mail address. When using the App, the device ID number is assigned to each registered device. Our access to the device ID number is necessary to identify the device and the user account in order to improve the use of the App and to deactivate the App on stolen or lost devices.
In addition to the data mentioned above, cookies are stored on your device when using our App. Cookies are small text files that are stored in the device memory of your mobile device and assigned to the App you are using. Cookies allow certain information to flow to the location that sets the cookie (here: us). Cookies cannot execute programs or transmit viruses to your mobile device. They serve to make mobile Apps more user-friendly and effective overall. Our App uses transient and persistent cookies. Transient cookies are automatically deleted when you close our App. These include in particular session cookies. They store a so-called session ID, which can be used to assign various requests to your mobile App. This enables your mobile device to be recognized when you use our mobile App again. The session cookies are deleted when you log out or close the App. Persistent cookies are automatically deleted after a specified period, which may vary depending on the cookie. You can configure the settings of your mobile operating system and the App according to your wishes and, for example, reject the acceptance of third-party cookies or all cookies. Please note that you may not be able to use all functions of our mobile App in this case.
Registration / Use of our Service
You may register on our website in order to use our service. We process the data you share with us in the registration process based on your consent or, if Applicable, to fulfill our service contract with you:
Data
Purpose
Legal Basis
Registration / login data (name, company name, date of birth, email address, phone number, password)
fulfillment of our Service-Agreement
Art. 6 (1) b) GDPR
enabling you to register
Art. 6 (1) a) GDPR
We may also provide you with the option of putting in additional personal information, such as a photograph, and the information you may put into the “My Notes”.
You may be invited to complete a form or a survey, share your testimony, or participate in a promotion (like a contest or challenge) or a user-generated content (like podcasts), either through the Services or a third-party platform. If you participate, we will collect and store the data you provide as part of participating, such as your name, email address, date of birth and/or phone number.
Some of the information we ask you through questionnaires may be regarded as sensitive personal data, such as data concerning your health. We only process this information with your explicit consent (Art. 9 (2) a) GDPR). We use this information only to match you with appropriate mental health professionals and to allow your mental health professional to provide you with their best practice. When we are matching you with a mental health professional, we may use automated individual decision-making or manual methods. We do not use these data with information for any marketing purposes or any other purpose than your wellbeing. This information is only shared with your matched mental health professional and with no other third parties.
All data or information shared during (video) sessions with your mental health professional remain strictly confidential. We have no whatsoever access to this data/information and your mental health professional must not and will not share any of these data with us. The mental health professional will process your data only based on your consent. For scheduling sessions, we use Calendly (Calendly LLC, BB&T Tower, 271 17th St NW, Atlanta, GA 30363, USA). You will find further information on how Calendly processes your data here:
https://calendly.com/de/pages/privacy
. For the execution of video sessions with your mental health professional, we use the service Zoom (ZoomInfo Technologies LLC 805 Broadway, Suite 900 Vancouver, WA 98660; Privacy Policy:
https://www.zoominfo.com/about-zoominfo/privacy-policy
). With regard to the video sessions we only process your IP address, the time and location and the duration of the session. Except for the aforementioned metadata, Zoom will not have no access to any information or data exchanged with your mental health professional.
Meditopia Soul
Our AI assisted chatbot Soul is powered by OpenAI’s ChatGPT. For this reason, if you choose to have a conversation with Soul, your conversations with Soul will be transferred to OpenAI’s servers, outside the EU, through an API connection. However, we will not transfer your conversations with any data that would allow OpenAI to identify you unless you specifically provide them within your conversations. We share your first name with OpenAI, so that Soul can address you properly, which is necessary for the user experience we aim for.
Some of the information you provide during your conversations might be considered sensitive data (Art. 9 GDPR). We will only process such information based on your consent and use such information only for the provision of our service to you. You may withdraw your consent at any time with effect in the future.
To comply with GDPR’s requirements, we have executed a Data Processing Agreement with OpenAI which includes the standard contractual clauses adopted by the EU Commission on June 4, 2021. We do not allow OpenAI to use your information for training or improving its models.
The data transfer between us and OpenAI is carried out through
SOC 2 Type 2 compliant
API connection, which been audited by an independent third-party auditor against the
2017 Trust Services Criteria for Security
according to publicly available information from OpenAI (https://openai.com/policies/api-data-usage-policies).
OpenAI will retain your information sent through the API for a maximum of thirty (30) days, after which it will be deleted, except where OpenAI is required to retain copies under applicable laws, in which case OpenAI will isolate and protect that information from any further processing except to the extent required by applicable laws.
For further information on OpenAI’s API data usage policies, please refer to https://openai.com/policies/api-data-usage-policies.
We may also invite you to participate in surveys in connection with your use of Meditopia Soul.
The information you provide during these surveys may be regarded as sensitive data (Art. 9 GDPR). We will rely on your explicit consent for processing this information and use it only for research and statistical purposes, and improving our services. We will never share this information with any third parties unless we anonymize it first. You may withdraw your explicit consent at any time with effect in the future.
Connection of third party Services / Single Sign-On Services
We may obtain certain information through your social media profiles or other online accounts you have permitted to be connected to our websites or mobile applications. If you login via Facebook or another third-party platform or service, we ask for your permission to access certain information which is already given under that account, such as your name, profile picture, account ID number, email address, location, physical location of your access devices, and birthday. Those platforms and services make information available to us through their APIs, and therefore, the information given to us is limited with the scope of your privacy settings in the platform or service. If you access or use our products or services through a third-party platform or service, the collection, usage, and sharing of your data will also be subject to the privacy policies and other agreements of that third party. We may also obtain information through third parties, which we have a business or legal relationship with, such as business partners, technical, payment and delivery service subcontractors, advertising networks, analytics providers or search information providers.
Meditopia for Work
If your employer has purchased “Meditopia for Work” for you to access Meditopia Premium Membership we may share your personal data (including without limitation, your name, surname, personal and/or corporate email address and IP) with your employer when it is necessary to affirm, validate, confirm or revoke the activation of your Premium Membership or to detect, prevent, or address fraud, abuse, or misuse of our Services. In such a case, we will always consider data minimization principle and we will never share any of your personal data not necessary to achieve the purposes specified under this paragraph. Without prejudice to the above, we will never share any non-aggregated or non-anonymized personal data with your employer, (such as the time spent on the Application and the content engaged with).
Your employer might have also purchased Meditopia Mindfulness Coaching or Meditopia Mental Wellbeing Coaching/Support Services. In that case, we might share with your employer the completed Session numbers, bookings, and similar information and issues that come up during the Sessions only in an anonymized form, without allowing anyone to match these data with you and identify you. Under no circumstances your employer will receive any data or information with regard to the content of your session with your mental health professional.
Newsletter / Newsletter tracking
With our newsletter we inform you about us and our offers. Only your email address is required to register for the newsletter. If you register for the newsletter, your email address will be transmitted to us (or our mail provider) and stored there. After registering, you will receive an email to confirm your registration ("double opt-in").
Data
Purpose
Legal Basis
contact data (email address, name if Applicable), device data (device name, country code if Applicable, language, name of operating system and version), connection data (IP address, mail provider)
advertising communication
Art. 6 (1) a) GDPR
You can withdraw your consent to the processing of Data for the purpose of sending the newsletter or evaluation of related data at any time. The withdrawal can take place over a link, which is contained in each newsletter, or by separate message to us. You will not incur any costs other than the transmission costs according to the basic tariffs.
Other information emails
If a contractual relationship has been established with us (for example, following successful registration on the website or via the App), we may send you emails with interesting information about similar goods or services.
You can request at any time that you no longer receive such information emails from us. To do so, please contact us by message or click on the link at the end of the information emails. You will not incur any costs other than the transmission costs according to the basic rates.
Data
Purpose
Legal Basis
contact data (email address), technical data, usage data
communication to carry out a contractual relationship or on the basis of our legitimate marketing interests, including notification of similar goods or services.
Art. 6 (1) b) or f) GDPR (if Applicable in conjunction with Section 7 (3) UWG), Art. 6 (1) a) GDPR
Cookies and other third party tools
We use so-called cookies. Cookies are small text files that are stored on the end device used and saved by the browser. Cookies serve to make our offer more user-friendly, effective, and secure. There are different types of cookies that are used for different purposes. Some cookies ensure that our offers function properly or that you are recognized on your end device after successful registration ("
necessary cookies
”). By placing these necessary cookies, we make it easier for you to visit our offers and use the services available there. We place other cookies to analyze user preferences and thus improve our offers ("
advanced cookies
”).
We only place advanced cookies with your consent. When you visit our services for the first time, you will see a pop-up explaining cookies. Once you click on the relevant consent button, you agree to our use of the particular cookies selected, each of which is described in the pop-up as well as in this Privacy Policy. If you want to manage your consent or receive further information on the cookies used on our website, click here. YOU MAY REVIEW ALL COOKIES USED ON OUR WEBSITE THROUGH THE SAME LINK.
In addition, you can adjust your browser so that you are informed about the setting of cookies and only allow cookies in individual cases, exclude the acceptance of cookies for certain cases or in general and activate the automatic deletion of cookies when closing the browser. You can manage many online ad cookies from companies via the US site
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
or the EU site
https://www.youronlinechoices.com/de/
. Please note that if you disable cookies, the functionality of this website may be limited.
Insofar as personal data is processed when "necessary" cookies are used, this is based on the legal basis Art. 6 (1) f) GDPR due to legitimate interests of quality assurance and a technically flawless presentation of the website. The processing of personal data when using so-called "advanced cookies" is based on your consent (legal basis: Art. 6 (1) a) GDPR).
Apple HealthKit
We use Apple’s HealthKit framework, which provides a central repository for health and fitness data on iPhone and Apple Watch and – with your explicit consent – lets Apps communicate with the HealthKit store to access and share this data. If you download and use the Apple Watch version of the Application, we may collect and process your heart rate data, obtained through the HealthKit framework and the Apple CoreMotion processor, with your explicit consent. New data attributes may be added to the HealthKit framework, which will be portrayed in the Application and which you have to consent to.
If you grant the App access to HealthKit, it can add information to certain sections of HealthKit, ie. adding the minutes of meditation that the User is listening to in the Application to the Awareness Time section in HealthKit.
Google Fit
We use Google’s Fit SDK which is an open platform that lets users control their fitness data. We do not collect or process any data from Google Fit. However, we may add information to certain sections of Google Fit, ie. adding the minutes of meditation that the User is listening to in the App to the Awareness Time section in Google Fit. New data attributes may be added to the Google Fit framework, which will be portrayed in the App and which you have to consent to.
Social Media
We are present on various social media platforms and process user data within this framework in order to communicate with users active there or to offer information about us. User data is usually processed within social networks for market research and advertising purposes. For example, usage profiles can be created based on the usage behavior and resulting interests of the users. The usage profiles can in turn be used, for example, to place advertisements within and outside the networks that presumably correspond to the interests of the users. For these purposes, cookies are usually stored on the users' computers, in which the usage behavior and the interests of the users are stored. Furthermore, data independent of the devices used by the users may also be stored in the usage profiles (especially if the users are members of the respective platforms and are logged in to them). For a detailed presentation of the respective forms of processing and the options to object (opt-out), we refer to the data protection declarations and information provided by the operators of the respective networks.
In the case of requests for information and the assertion of data subject rights, we would also like to point out that these can be asserted most effectively with the providers. Only the providers have access to the users' data and can take Appropriate measures and provide information directly. If you still need help, you can contact us.
Data
Purpose
Legal Basis
inventory data (e.g. names, addresses), contact data (e.g. email, telephone numbers), content data (e.g. text entries, photographs, videos), usage data (e.g. websites visited, interest in content, access times), meta/communication data (e.g. device information, IP addresses)
contact requests and communication, tracking (e.g. interest/behavioral profiling, use of cookies), remarketing, reach measurement (e.g. access statistics, recognition of returning visitors), affiliate tracking.
Art. 6 (1) f). GDPR. The use of common social media channels is in our legitimate interest in marketing our offer.
Services used and service providers:
Twitter (Twitter Inc., 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA,
https://www.twitter.com
; Privacy Policy:
https://twitter.com/de/privacy
, settings:
https://twitter.com/personalization
, data information:
https://twitter.com/settings/your_twitter_data
).
Facebook Facebook, Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, 4 Grand Canal Square, Dublin 2, Ireland;
https://www.facebook.com
; Datenschutzerklärung:
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy
; Zusätzliche Hinweise zum Datenschutz: Vereinbarung über gemeinsame Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten auf Facebook-Seiten:
https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/page_controller_addendum
, Datenschutzhinweise für Facebook-Seiten:
https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/information_about_page_insights_data
.
LinkedIn (LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland, https://www.linkedin.com; Privacy Policy:
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
, opt-out and settings for advertisements:
https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls/retargeting-opt-out
).
Data Processing of Applicants
In the event that you apply for a job with us, we will process certain data about you. This data includes your name, email, address and telephone number, gender, work history, qualifications, country of residence, language skills and any other personal information you provide in your interactions with us. We may also ask for additional information to assist us in our recruitment process and if you are offered a job, an example would be date of birth and employment documents.
We process your personal data to fulfill our contractual or pre-contractual obligations (based on Art. 6 (1) b) GDPR) or, where applicable, for the purpose of the employment relationship with you (Section 26 BDSG), in particular we use your data:
Storage and Deleting of Data
We only store your personal data for as long as it is necessary for the respective processing purpose and limit the storage period to the minimum necessary. You may delete your personal data at any time directly in the account settings on www.meditopia.com or our mobile application. In order to do so you have to click on the “Delete my account” button. Please note that you cannot delete your account/data in case of an active subscription as the processing of your data is necessary for the execution of the contract. If the processing purpose for your data lapsed or you actively decided to delete your data, we will only process your data, if we are obliged to do so under the statutory retention periods (for example, in accordance with the German Commercial Code (HGB) or the German Fiscal Code (AO)).
Your Rights
You have the following rights:
the right to information,
the right to correction or deletion,
the right to restrict processing,
the right to data portability,
the right to revoke your consent with effect for the future.
the right to object at any time, on grounds relating to your particular situation, to the processing of personal data concerning you which is carried out on the basis of Art. 6 (1) e) or f) GDPR; this also applies to profiling based on these provisions.
To exercise your aforementioned rights, you can send an email to gdpr@meditopia.com. In addition, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with a data protection supervisory authority.
If you have any questions with regard to the processing of your data, feel free to contact us at any time.
September 2023