Privacy Policy
Effective Date:  February 2, 2017
This Privacy Policy governs your use of the FINGER MANGA applications, products, website and services ("Products").
COLLECTION OF INFORMATION
Finger Manga collects information you provide directly when you download, launch the app, using app features, or when the app is running on your device in the background.  This could include your contact information or any other information you provide.
Finger Manga collects certain information automatically, such as your device type; Internet protocol (IP) address, which may be used to determine your location; device and advertising identifiers; browser type; operating system; Internet service provider; the date and time of your visit; language; information about the links you click and your activity within the app or before you visited the app (or website); and other standard log information.  We also receive error-reporting information in the event of a technical error in the app, including the device type and version, device identifiers, the time the error occurred, the feature being used, the state of the application when the error occurred, and any communications or content provided at the time the error occurred.
We may use local storage, cookies, and similar technologies to automatically collect this information.  By using the app, you consent to our use of these technologies.
We may receive information about you from other sources, including through third-party services or providers.  For example, if you access third-party services, such as Facebook, Google, or Twitter, through the app to login to the app or to share information about your experience on the app with others, we may collect information from these third-party services.
Finger Manga obtains information from Facebook, such as your Facebook public profile (basic information including first name, last name, profile picture, gender and age range), Facebook ID, email address and list of friends.  In addition, we may receive information about you from other sources, including through third-party services or providers.  For example, if you access social networking services (such as Facebook, Google, or Twitter) through this app to login or share information about your experience with others, we may collect information about you from these third-party services.
USE OF INFORMATION
We use the information we collect to:
Provide app features and personalize your experience in the app, including fulfilling your requests for in-app services and information;
Communicate with you about the app and your activities within the app, including to send you emails and push notifications when you allow them;
Send you promotional materials from us or on behalf of trusted third-party partners;
Analyze app user and use data as well as error-reporting data to understand and improve the app and our other products and services;
Customize the content and advertising you see when you use this app or other applications, sites, and services across the devices you use;
Prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities and otherwise in accordance with our Terms of Use and applicable laws; and
For other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect your information or pursuant to your consent.
DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION
We are committed to maintaining your trust, and we want you to understand when and with whom we may share the information we collect.
Authorized third-party service providers and partners. We share your information with third-party service providers and partners who help us deliver the app and its features to you, who help us with specialized services, or who provide their own services through the app.  This includes services provided by others to help us with social media services (such as Facebook, Google and Twitter plugins), marketing, data processing, error-reporting and analytics, including without limitation Firebase Analytics by Google, which may include storing and accessing cookies and other information on your device. Your device details, including device make and model and operating system, and your IP address may be shared with Facebook.
Business transfers. We may share your information in connection with a substantial corporate transaction, such as, a merger, consolidation, asset sale, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy.
Legal purposes. We may disclose information to respond to subpoenas, court orders, legal process, law enforcement requests, legal claims or government inquiries, and to protect and defend the rights, interests, safety, and security of Catalyst Foundry LLC, our affiliates, users, or the public.
SECURITY
We use reasonable measures to help protect information from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.  You should understand that no data storage system or transmission of data over the Internet or any other public network can be guaranteed to be 100 percent secure.  Please note that information collected by third parties may not have the same security protections as information you submit to us, and we are not responsible for protecting the security of such information.
YOUR CHOICES
You can control additional collection and use of your Facebook information, through your Facebook account permissions.  If you would like us to delete information we have obtained from Facebook previously, you can contact us at admin@fingermanga.com and we will delete the data within 30 days.  Mobile device or app setting may also be used to control data collection and activities of the app.  You also may stop further data collection by removing the app from your mobile device.
You can opt out of receiving marketing-related emails from us by using the “unsubscribe” feature present in marketing-related emails we send.
THIRD-PARTY ADVERTISING, LINKS, AND CONTENT
We allow third parties, including business partners, advertising networks, and other advertising service providers, such as Facebook, Google and Twitter, to collect your information through cookies, pixels, local storage, software development kits, application programming interfaces, and other technologies.  These third parties may use this information to deliver advertisements in the app and elsewhere tailored to your interests, preferences, and characteristics.  You may be able to opt out of this interest-based advertising through your device settings or mobile app permissions.  For example, Apple iOS users with iOS6 and higher can select “Limit Ad Tracking” in the iOS settings and Android users with Google Play Services 4.0 and higher can select “Opt out of Interest Based Ads” in the Android settings.  You also may stop further data collection by removing the app from your mobile device.
Finger Manga app may contain links to content maintained by third parties who we do not control.  We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these third parties, and the information practices of these third parties are not covered by this Privacy Policy.
INTERNATIONAL USERS
Information collected through the Finger Manga app may be stored and processed in the U.S. or any other country in which we or our service providers maintain facilities. We may transfer information that we collect about you, including personal information, across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions, including the U.S.  Some of these countries or jurisdictions may not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction.  By using the Finger Manga app and providing us with information, you consent to the transfer of information to the U.S. or to any other country in which we or our service providers maintain facilities for processing in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We will take reasonable steps to ensure that your personal information is protected.
CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. When this occurs, we will revise the “Effective Date” date found at the top of the policy and post the new Privacy Policy.  We recommend that you review the Privacy Policy when you use the app to stay informed of our privacy practices.
STILL HAVE QUESTIONS?
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our practices, please contact us via admin@fingermanga.com.