How It Works
Contact
FAQs
Blog
Philippines
Spain
United Kingdom
United States of America
English
Español
Log in
Register
How It Works
Contact
FAQs
Blog
Philippines
Spain
United Kingdom
United States of America
English
Español
Log in
Register
Money Transfer to
as Simple as 1-2-3
Great Exchange Rate & Transfer Fee from £2.99!
Send Amount
GBP
Received Amount
PHP
EUR
Delivery Option
Cash Pickup
Credit to Account
E-Wallet
Pay with
Pay by Bank
Online Bank Transfer
Debit Card
Fee
Total To Pay
Get Started
Send on the go 24/7 with our award winning mobile app
Send money conveniently with the BCRemit app while you're on the move. Discover competitive rates, enjoy quicker repeat transfers with just a few taps.
Scan to Download the App!
Expand Your Choices
Find easy ways to get your money
Credit to Bank Account
Bank transfer to all major banks in the Philippines in as little as few minutes
See more
Cash Pick-up Partners
Collect cash instantly in any of the over 15,000 branches of our pay-out partners
See more
BCRemit-Pay
Ensure your bills are paid hassle-free in the Philippines with our convenient and reliable service.
See more
E-Wallet
Instantly access funds via e-wallet for seamless, hassle-free transactions anywhere, anytime.
See more
Why Choose BCRemit?
Your reliable companion for effortless money transfers
Money Saving
Transfer funds starting at just £2.99 with unbeatable exchange rates for maximum savings.
24/7 Customer Service
Reach out to us at (+44) 151 541 3333 or (+44) 208 106 6888 or drop a message at BCRemit for assistance.
Safe & Secure
Registered with the FCA & HMRC, and employ secure proven technology.
Fast & Convenient
Send money to the Philippines anytime, anywhere in as little as few minutes.
Keep in Touch
Find savings by checking out our great rates and low fees for more money in your pocket!
Discover how you can keep more of your hard-earned money by exploring our competitive rates and low fees. With our tailored financial solutions, you’ll find significant savings that add up over time, leaving more money in your pocket.
See How it Works
What our Customers Say
5 out of 5 stars
from
685 reviews
and
50,734 likes
on
Facebook
Very good customer service!!! I was surprised my query has been answered just a few seconds after I sent my message. And they are also very polite and helpful. Good exchange rates and low service fee. I highly recommend BCREMIT.
Ronoel Mac
London, UK
I'm very satisfied with their service, quick, reliable, good rate always, low service charge, very polite, helpful and friendly staff. I really love BC Remit. I'm sending money in the Philippines for over 22 years and now I found the best. Thanks BC Remit
Babie Brown
London, UK
BCRemit is truly the most reliable when it comes to online money transfer. No hassles in finding the right payout partners and banks. Unlike other money transfer companies, we get up to 90% lower fees. With BCRemit, sending money becomes safe and easy.
Emy
Belfast, UK
Responds to chat and concerns quick, very reliable and the app is easy to access. I don't have to go to bank, I just do bank transfer and put info in the app. Been using BCREMIT for over 3 years now
Mari Cel
London, UK
The best remittance one could ever had. Open 24/7. Up to seconds in every transactions! Easy to contact! The most friendliest people. ABSOLUTELY THE BEST!!! Thank you BCREMIT !!
Marl Man
London, UK
Previous slide
Next slide
Need help? Our Customer Support is happy to assist you
Reach Out to Our Customer Support Team for Help! Whether you have questions, encounter issues, or need guidance, our customer support is here to assist you every step of the way.
(+44) 151 541 3333
Request a call back
BCRemit uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.
Got It!