BJ Software: Privacy and General Data Protection Policy, March 2024
This privacy policy governs your use of BJ Bridge software applications 
       on the Apple iPhone or iPad
Company details
BJ Software is a software developer, based in the UK.
email:
bjsoftware42@gmail.com
website:
bjbridge.org
Privacy Policy
We do not require you to open an account with BJ Software. 
        We have no access to your email and do not collect any personal details of any customer.
BJ Bridge runs Google ads unless you subscribe to the 'Ads-free' version.
BJ Software products contain none of the following: 
        violence, cartoon violence, drug references, nudity, 
        sexual references, intolerance, gambling, profanity.
BJ Bridge includes free, but ad-funded features. 
	This enables us to provide you with free-to-use products yet still generate some revenue
	to develop and support the products.
The advertising, analytics and social media services use anonymous identifiers. 
        Anonymous information will be collected and shared with back end services
        to provide appropriate advertising content and information. 
        For example, country or language information will be collected 
        at run time to provide adverts relevant to the country or language
        currently in use. The advert providers (e.g. Google and their ad technology partners)
        may use these identifiers to track which adverts you have been delivered 
        and which adverts you have shown interest in. By doing so they are able to
        generate revenue from advertisers which in turn they share with us, 
        thereby enabling you to benefit from free to use products.
Ad-supported versions of BJ Bridge will show a consent form to gather your ads preferences. 
	Depending on your choices, ads may be Personalized or non-Personalized. 
	We use 10 of the set of 'Commonly Used Ad Technology Providers' as defined by Google. 
	These can be viewed on the Consent screen. You can change your ads choices at any time 
	by going to BJ Bridge "options" and selecting "System Preferences" | "Set ads preferences". 
	If you do not consent to any adverts being shown, you will be invited to subscribe to the 
	ads-free option of BJ Bridge.
BJ Bridge also contains Google Firebase Analytics. No personal data is collected 
	such as names or email addresses. 
	We use the analytics information only to understand roughly how many people are playing our games
	and what features they use in which countries, so that we can improve the products. 
	Google Firebase is certified under relevant privacy and security standards. 
	BJ Bridge has an opt-out in its "options" settings if any user wishes to disable this activity.
Changes to this Policy
We reserve the right to change this policy to meet the changing needs of BJ Software.
If we make changes to these privacy policies, we will notify our users 
     via our website and the App Store.