Privacy Policy
This policy covers the use of personal information collected when you use ‘FUT Squad Builder’. We are careful to only use the information you provide us in the way that you authorize to do so. If you have any queries about the practices then please Contact Us. This privacy policy may be updated online at any time. Please review this page regularly so that you are aware of any changes made.
iOS and Android Platforms
When you use ‘FUT   Squad Builder’, we may collect and record certain information such as your unique device ID (persistent / non-persistent), hardware type, media access control (“MAC”) address, international mobile equipment identity (“IMEI”), the version of your operating system (“OS”), your device name, your email address (if you have connected to Facebook or Google+), and your location (based on your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address).  This information is useful to us for troubleshooting and helps us understand usage trends.
We may collect your location based information for the purpose of providing you with the correct version of the application.  We will not share this information with any third party.  If you no longer wish to allow us to track or use this information, you may turn it off at the device level.  Please note, the application may not work properly if we are unable to tell where you are coming from (Country specific).
Mobile Analytics
We use mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand the functionality of our Mobile Software on your device. This software may record information such as how often you use the application, the events that occur within the application, aggregated usage, performance data, and where the application was downloaded from. We do not link the information we store within the analytics software to any personal information you submit within the mobile application.
Third Party Services
Our services may contain third party tracking tools from our service providers, examples of which include Google Analytics. Such third parties may use cookies, APIs, and SDKs in our services to enable them to collect and analyze user information on our behalf. The third parties may have access to information such as your device identifier, MAC address, IMEI, locale (specific location where a given language is spoken), geo-location information, and IP address for the purpose of providing their services under their respective privacy policies. Our privacy policy does not cover the use of tracking tools from third parties.  We do not have access or control over these third parties.
Ad Networks
We may feature advertising within our Service.  The advertisers may collect and use information about you, such as your Service session activity, device identifier, MAC address, IMEI, geo-location information and IP address.  They may use this information to provide advertisements of interest to you. In order to verify the installs, a device identifier may be shared with the advertiser.
Last Updated: Friday, 7 December 2018