Why should I read this policy?
This policy describes how Flow Neuroscience AB
("Flow", "us", "we")
collects, uses and protects your personal data in connection with our website at
www.flowneuroscience.com
, our Flow headset (the
“Headset”
) and the Flow App (the
“Services”
).
Please read this Privacy Policy in full, along with our terms and conditions of use. It covers some key points such as:
the type of information we collect and why we collect it;
how your information is stored;
your rights; and
how to contact us.
What kind of personal data do we collect about you?
Below, you find the types of data we collect:
Personal data you provide to us.
Account data
: When logging in to the Flow App, you create an account with your email address and password.
Contact and communication data
: When you contact us, for example for user support, you may also provide us with your first and last name, email address, address, phone number and the contents of your communications.
Your age, health history and habits
: We collect information about your age, your mental and physical health condition and history, any medical treatments you have received and your lifestyle and habits. You don't have to answer these types of questions if you don't want to.
Your mental health and treatment information
: Before purchasing the Headset, and when using the Headset or Services, you can provide us with information about your mental health, your treatment, your progress and any other feedback.  You don't have to provide this information if you don't want to.
Information about how, where and when you're using our services
: By understanding how, where and when our services are used, we can improve your experience, and the experience of other users.
Purchasing and delivery information
: If you buy the Headset from us, we need your address and payment details to enable your order of the Headset.
Marketing information
: such as your preferences for receiving our marketing communications, and details about your engagement with them.
Personal data we automatically collect.
We, our service providers, and our advertising partners may automatically log information about you, your computer or mobile device, and your interaction over time with the Services and our communications, such as:
Device data
, such as your computer’s or mobile device’s operating system type and version, manufacturer and model, browser type, screen resolution, RAM and disk size, CPU usage, device type (e.g., phone, tablet), IP address, unique identifiers (including identifiers used for advertising purposes), language settings, mobile device carrier, radio/network information (e.g., WiFi, LTE, 3G).
Headset data
, such as duration and frequency of usage.
Online activity data
, such as pages or screens you viewed, how long you spent on a page or screen, the website you visited before browsing to the Services, navigation paths between pages or screens, information about your activity on a page or screen, access times, and duration of access, and whether you have opened our marketing emails or clicked links within them.
We collect this information using cookies and other similar technologies. For more information, please visit our “How we use cookies” Section below.
How do we use your personal data?
We use your personal data for the following purposes:
Providing our Services
: We use personal data to operate, maintain, and provide you with our Services, including to process your transactions and to enable your order. In particular, we use personal data to perform our contractual obligations under our Terms of Service.
To personalize and improve the Services
: We process personal data to allow you to track your treatment progress, to provide you with a personalised experience and to better understand when the treatment works or when it doesn't and how it can be improved. We do so to perform our contractual obligations towards you or where it is in our legitimate interest. Where we process your health data, please also refer to the section
“How do we use your sensitive personal data?”
.
To assess your eligibility for the Services
: You can choose to complete a questionnaire about your mental health, which will allow healthcare professionals we work with to assess your eligibility for the Headset. Completing the questionnaire is optional. We do so to take steps to enter into a contract with you.  Where we process your health data, please also refer to the section
“How do we use your sensitive personal data?”
.
Communicating with you about our Services
: It is in our legitimate business interests to use personal data to respond to your requests, provide customer support, and communicate with you about our Services, including by sending announcements, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages.
Monitoring and protecting our Services
: It is in our legitimate business interests keep our Services safe for our users, which includes:
troubleshooting, testing and research and to keep the Services secure; and
investigating and protecting against fraudulent, harmful, unauthorized or illegal activity.
Anonymisation and aggregation
: We may create or use aggregated, de-identified or other anonymized data from personal data we collect for research and development purposes in our legitimate business interests, including to analyze and improve the Services and our business. We make personal data into anonymized data by removing information that makes the data personally identifiable to you. We may use this anonymized data and share it with third parties for our lawful business purposes, including to analyze and improve the Services and promote our business.
Marketing
: We may send you direct marketing communications as permitted by law, including by email. You may opt-out of our marketing communications as described in the “What are my rights and choices” section below. Except where consent is required, we undertake such marketing and advertising on the basis of our legitimate business interests. Where we seek your consent, you may withdraw your consent at any time.
Interest-based advertising
: We may engage third-party advertising companies, such as Google, to display our ads on their online services. We may also share information about our users with these companies to facilitate advertising for our services to them or similar users on other online platforms. For more information, or to understand your choices, please visit our “How do we use Cookies” Section.
Compliance and protection
: We may use personal data to comply with legal obligations, and it is in our legitimate business interests to use your personal data to defend us against legal claims or disputes, including to protect our, your or others’ rights, privacy, safety or property (including by making and defending legal claims);
audit our internal processes for compliance with legal and contractual requirements and internal policies;
enforce the terms and conditions that govern the Services;
prevent, identify, investigate and deter fraudulent, harmful, unauthorized, unethical or illegal activity, including cyberattacks and identity theft; and
comply with applicable laws, lawful requests and legal process.
How do we use your sensitive personal data?
The personal data you provide to us may contain sensitive information, such as information about your health. We only process your health information to allow you to track your treatment progress, to provide you with a personalised experience and to understand when the treatment works.
We also allow you to complete a questionnaire about your mental health, which will enable healthcare professionals we work with to assess your eligibility for the Headset. If you choose to complete the questionnaire, we will only process your health information for these purposes, and will only share the information with healthcare professionals, with your explicit consent.
Who has access to my personal data?
We may also disclose your personal data to the following recipients:
Service Providers
: To help us deliver our Services, we may share your personal data with our service providers, who help to support our Services. These companies can only use your information based on our instructions, and they cannot use the information for their own purposes. They also have to act in line with applicable data protection laws and contractual terms that specify how they can process information on our behalf.
Here is an example: In order to be able to offer you Klarna's payment options and in order for Klarna to assess whether you qualify for their payment options and to tailor the payment options for you, we will pass to Klarna certain aspects of your personal data, such as contact and order details. You can find general information on Klarna
here
. Your personal data is handled in accordance with applicable data protection law and in accordance with the information in Klarna's privacy statement.
Healthcare professionals
: If you choose to complete an eligibility questionnaire and provide your explicit consent, we will share your personal data with the healthcare professionals we work with, to allow them to assess your eligibility for the Headset.
Professional advisors
: We may share your personal data with professional advisors, such as lawyers, auditors, bankers and insurers, where necessary in the course of the professional Services that they render to us.
Authorities and others
: We may share your personal data with law enforcement, government authorities, and private parties, as we believe in good faith to be necessary or appropriate for the compliance and protection purposes described above.
Business transferees
: We may share your personal data with acquirers and other relevant participants in business transactions (or negotiations for such transactions) involving a corporate divestiture, merger, consolidation, acquisition, reorganization, sale or other disposition of all or any portion of the business or assets of, or equity interests in Flow or our affiliates (including, in connection with a bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
Anonymised and Aggregated Information
: We may show on our website or share with our commercial partners data that does not personally identify you, but which shows general trends. This is 'anonymised' data and is not personal data. This might include, for example, the number of users of our service or trends in a particular age group.
Password
If you've chosen a password or authentication method to access our Services, you are responsible for keeping this password and/or authentication method confidential. Please don't share it with anyone.
How long do you store my information?
Your information is stored with us for no longer than is necessary (for example, we need to store the health information you provide in a questionnaire in order to assess your eligibility for the Headset and to monitor that eligibility during the purchase period), and/or as required by law or by any relevant regulatory body, always in compliance with data minimisation principles. The Headset is a medical device. As such, if you purchase the Headset, we are required by law to store your personal data in case we need to investigate an issue, or make a recall.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data. For example, we only store personal data collected through an eligibility questionnaire for thirty days.
How do you protect my personal data?
We have procedures in place to ensure that your personal data is handled in a safe and secure manner and in accordance with applicable legislation. We employ a number of technical, organizational and physical safeguards designed to protect the personal data we collect. However, no security measures are failsafe and we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information.
All communication between our websites, servers and apps are encrypted with industry standard techniques (HTTPS). The servers where data from our apps is stored are hosted by Amazon Web Services and physically located within the EU. The hosting provider managing our servers has the following security certifications to ensure that your data stays safe:
ISO 27001, 27017, 27018: Security Management Controls, Cloud Specific Controls, Personal Data Protection
SOC 1, 2, 3: Security, Availability & Confidentiality Reports
International Data Transfers
Flow stores your personal data in data centres within the European Union. For technical reasons, our subcontractors may need to move information to other countries outside of the EU. When we engage in cross-border data transfers, we will ensure that relevant safeguards are in place to afford adequate protection for personal data and we will comply with applicable data protection laws, in particular by relying on an EU Commission or UK government adequacy decision or on contractual protections for the transfer of personal information. For more information about how we transfer personal data internationally, please contact us as set out in the “Contact” section below.
What are my rights and choices?
You may opt out of marketing-related communications by following the opt-out or unsubscribe instructions contained in the marketing communication we send you or by contacting us as provided in the “Contact” section below. You may continue to receive services-related and other non-marketing emails.
You can opt out of third-party cookies as described in our “How do we use Cookies” Section.
You also have certain rights under applicable data protection laws.
Right to access: You can request a copy of the personal data Flow Neuroscience has collected about you.
Right to rectification: We want to ensure that your information is up-to-date and correct. You can request that your information be corrected or removed if you consider it incorrect.
Right to erasure: You can request us to delete your personal data. We may not delete data that the law requires us to keep.
Data portability: You can request that Flow Neuroscience transfer your personal data from our IT environment, either to another company or to you. Flow may still retain information that it is required to keep, for example to comply with the law.
Withdrawal of consent: You can withdraw your consent to share your information or to receive marketing / emails at any time. Either by unsubscribing from the mailing list or by contacting us through email.
Additional rights: In some cases you can object to and request that we restrict our use of personal information.
You can file a complaint with your local Data Protection Authority if you believe that we are treating your personal data in violation with the law or your rights.
If you wish to enforce any of your applicable rights, please contact us by email (you'll find our email address at the bottom of this policy).
How we use cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your computer's hard drive.
Like many sites, we use cookies to collect information on our Services. We only use cookies with your consent. You have the option to accept or reject cookies and can manage your cookie preferences on our cookie banner or at any point by clicking on “Manage cookies” on the Footer of the website. Our cookies are stored for 3 years, or until the session is deleted.
There are 3 main types of cookies we use:
Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. They also enable basic site performance monitoring to ensure bugs are quickly spotted.
Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in.
Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers.
We use both persistent cookies and session cookies. Persistent cookies stay on your device for a set period of time or until you delete them, while session cookies are deleted once you close your web browser. The cookies placed through your use of our Services are either set by us (first-party cookies) or by a third party at our request (third-party cookies).
The third parties that are involved in placing cookies on our website are as follows:
Amplitude -
https://amplitude.com/
Google -
https://www.google.co.uk/
Meta -
https://about.meta.com/
Tiktok -
https://www.tiktok.com/
Trustpilot -
https://www.trustpilot.com/
Klaviyo -
https://www.klaviyo.com/
LinkedIn -
https://www.linkedin.com/
You can find information about their data processing practices on their respective websites.
We also allow our advertising partners to collect this information through our Services.
You can limit online tracking by:
Blocking cookies in your browser
. Most browsers let you remove or reject cookies, including cookies used for interest-based advertising. To do this, follow the instructions in your browser settings. Many browsers accept cookies by default until you change your settings. For more information about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set on your device and how to manage and delete them, visit
www.allaboutcookies.org.
Use the following links to learn more about how to control cookies and online tracking through your browser:
Firefox
;
Chrome
,
Microsoft Edge
,
Safari (Mac)
,
Safari (Mobile/iOS)
Blocking advertising ID use in your mobile settings
. Your mobile device settings can provide functionality to limit use of the advertising ID associated with your mobile device for interest-based advertising purposes.
Using privacy plug-ins or browsers
. You can block our websites from setting cookies used for interest-based ads by using a browser with privacy features, like
Brave
, or installing browser plugins like
Privacy Badger
,
Ghostery
, or
uBlock Origin
, and configuring them to block third party cookies/trackers.
Advertising industry opt out tools
. You can also use these opt out options to limit use of your information for interest-based advertising by participating companies:
Digital Advertising Alliance for Websites:
optout.aboutads.info
and
https://www.aboutads.info/appchoices
(for mobile opt outs);
Network Advertising Initiative:
optout.networkadvertising.org
.
Platform opt-outs
. Some of our advertising partners offer opt-out features that let you opt out of use of your information for interest-based advertising, including:
Google
Facebook
App Technologies
. You can stop all collection of information via our App by uninstalling the App. For Apple iOS, we will only receive access to your device’s Ad ID (known as an IDFA) if you provide consent. You can reset your device’s Ad Id at any time through your device settings, which is designed to allow you to limit the use of information collected about your device.
Please be aware that if you disable or remove tracking technologies some parts of the Service may not function correctly.
Note that because these opt out mechanisms are specific to the device or browser on which they are exercised, you will need to opt out on every browser and device that you use.
Contact
Flow Neuroscience AB is the entity responsible for processing your personal data as the ‘controller’ under applicable laws.
If you have any questions regarding this policy, regarding the use of your personal data or about your rights, please contact us at:
support@flowneuroscience.com.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://privacybadger.org/:
Electronic Frontier Foundation
About
Issues
Our Work
Take Action
Tools
Donate
Language
English
Deutsch
Español
Français
Русский
Svenska
Türkçe
中文（中国）
English
Deutsch
Español
Français
Русский
Svenska
Türkçe
中文（中国）
Privacy Badger is a browser extension that automatically learns to block invisible trackers.
Browser Not Supported
Privacy Badger is not supported in this browser (
more info
).
Add to Chrome
Add to Firefox
Add to Firefox on Android
Add to Edge
Add to Opera
Add to Chrome
Add to Firefox
Add to Firefox on Android
Add to Edge
Add to Opera
Other browsers
Alternative installation options
Release notes for v2025.1.29
Frequently Asked Questions
What is Privacy Badger?
How is Privacy Badger different from other blocking extensions?
How does Privacy Badger work?
What is a third party tracker?
What do the red, yellow and green sliders in the Privacy Badger menu mean?
Why does Privacy Badger block ads?
Why doesn't Privacy Badger block all ads?
What is Global Privacy Control (GPC)?
What about tracking by the sites I actively visit, like NYTimes.com or Facebook.com?
Does Privacy Badger contain a list of blocked sites?
How was the cookie blocking yellowlist created?
Does Privacy Badger prevent fingerprinting?
Does Privacy Badger consider every cookie to be a tracking cookie?
Will you be supporting any other browsers besides Chrome, Firefox, Edge and Opera?
Can I download Privacy Badger directly from eff.org?
I run a domain that uses cookies or other tracking. How do I stop Privacy Badger from blocking me?
Where can I find general information about Privacy Badger that I can use for a piece I'm writing?
As an administrator, how do I configure Privacy Badger on my managed devices?
What is the Privacy Badger license? Where is the Privacy Badger source code?
How can I support Privacy Badger?
How does Privacy Badger handle social media widgets?
How do I uninstall/remove Privacy Badger?
Is Privacy Badger compatible with other extensions, including adblockers?
Is Privacy Badger compatible with Firefox's built-in privacy protections?
Why does my browser connect to fastly.com IP addresses on startup after installing Privacy Badger?
Why does Privacy Badger need access to my data for all websites?
Why aren't videos loading on YouTube? Why isn't Privacy Badger blocking ads on YouTube?
I need help! I found a bug! What do I do now?
What is Privacy Badger?
Privacy Badger is a browser extension that stops advertisers and other third-party trackers from secretly tracking where you go and what pages you look at on the web.  If an advertiser seems to be tracking you across multiple websites without your permission, Privacy Badger automatically blocks that advertiser from loading any more content in your browser.  To the advertiser, it’s like you suddenly disappeared.
How is Privacy Badger different from other blocking extensions?
Privacy Badger was born out of our desire to be able to recommend a single extension that would:
Automatically analyze and block any tracker or ad that violated the principle of user consent
Function well without any settings, knowledge, or configuration by the user
Use algorithmic methods to decide what is and isn’t tracking
Be produced by an organization that is unambiguously working for its users rather than for profit
As a result, Privacy Badger differs from traditional ad-blocking extensions in two key ways. First, while most other blocking extensions prioritize blocking ads, Privacy Badger doesn’t block ads unless they happen to be tracking you; in fact, one of our goals is to incentivize advertisers to adopt better privacy practices.
Second, most other blockers rely on a human-curated list of domains or URLs to block. Privacy Badger is an algorithmic tracker blocker – we define what “tracking” looks like, and then Privacy Badger blocks or restricts domains that it observes tracking in the wild. What is and isn’t considered a tracker is entirely based on how a specific domain acts, not on human judgment.
Privacy Badger sends the
Global Privacy Control
signal to opt you out of data sharing and selling, and the
Do Not Track
signal to tell companies not to track you. If trackers ignore these signals, Privacy Badger will learn to block them.
Beyond this, Privacy Badger comes with other advantages like cookie blocking,
click-to-activate placeholders
for potentially useful tracker widgets (video players, comments widgets, etc.), and outgoing link click tracking removal on
Facebook
and
Google
.
By using Privacy Badger, you support the
Electronic Frontier Foundation
and help fight for a better Web for everybody.
How does Privacy Badger work?
When you view a webpage, that page will often be made up of content from many different sources. For example, a news webpage might load the actual article from the news company, ads from an ad company, and the comments section from a different company that’s been contracted out to provide that service.
Privacy Badger keeps track of all of this. If the same source seems to be tracking across different websites, then Privacy Badger springs into action, telling the browser not to load any more content from that source. And when your browser stops loading content from a source, that source can no longer track you. Voila!
At a more technical level, Privacy Badger keeps track of the “third party” domains that embed images, scripts and advertising in the pages you visit. Privacy Badger looks for tracking techniques like uniquely identifying cookies, local storage “supercookies,” and canvas fingerprinting. If it observes the same third-party host tracking on three separate sites, Privacy Badger will automatically disallow content from that third-party tracker.
By default, Privacy Badger receives
periodic learning updates
from
Badger Sett
, our Badger training project. This “remote learning” automatically discovers trackers present on thousands of the most popular sites on the Web.
What is a third party tracker?
When you visit a webpage parts of the page may come from domains and servers other than the one you asked to visit. This is an essential feature of
hypertext
. On the modern Web, embedded images and code often use cookies and other methods to track your browsing habits — often to display advertisements. The domains that do this are called “third party trackers”, and you can read more about how they work
here
.
What do the red, yellow and green sliders in the Privacy Badger menu mean?
Red means that content from this third party domain has been completely disallowed.
Yellow means that the third party domain appears to be trying to track you, but it is on Privacy Badger’s cookie-blocking “yellowlist” of third party domains that, when analyzed, seemed to be necessary for Web functionality. In that case, Privacy Badger will load content from the domain but will try to screen out third party cookies and referrers from it.
Green means “no action”; Privacy Badger will leave the domain alone.
Why does Privacy Badger block ads?
Actually, nothing in the Privacy Badger code is specifically written to block ads. Rather, it focuses on disallowing any visible or invisible “third party” scripts or images that appear to be tracking you even though you specifically denied consent by sending
Do Not Track
and
Global Privacy Control
signals. It just so happens that most (but not all) of these third party trackers are advertisements. When you see an ad, the ad sees you, and can track you. Privacy Badger is here to stop that.
Why doesn't Privacy Badger block all ads?
Because Privacy Badger is primarily a privacy tool, not an ad blocker. Our aim is not to block ads, but to prevent non-consensual invasions of people’s privacy because we believe they are inherently objectionable. We also want to create incentives for advertising companies to do the right thing. Of course, if you really dislike ads, you can also install a traditional ad blocker.
What is Global Privacy Control (GPC)?
Global Privacy Control (GPC)
is a new specification that allows users to tell companies they’d like to opt out of having their data shared or sold. By default, Privacy Badger sends the GPC signal to every company you interact with alongside the Do Not Track (DNT) signal.
What’s the difference? Do Not Track is meant to tell companies that you don’t want to be tracked in any way (learn more about what we mean by “tracking”
here
). Privacy Badger gives third-party companies a chance to comply with DNT by adopting
our DNT policy
, and blocks those that look like they’re tracking you anyway.
When DNT was developed, many websites simply ignored users’ requests not to be tracked. That’s why Privacy Badger has to act as an enforcer: trackers that don’t want to comply with your wishes get blocked. Today, users in many jurisdictions have the legal right to opt out of some kinds of tracking. That’s where GPC comes in.
GPC is meant to be a legally-binding request to all companies in places with applicable privacy laws. For example,
the California Consumer Privacy Act
gives California residents the right to opt out of having their data sold. By sending the GPC signal, Privacy Badger is telling companies that you would like to exercise your rights.
The CCPA and other laws are
not perfect
, which is why Privacy Badger uses both approaches. It asks websites to respect your privacy, and it blocks known trackers from loading at all.
What about tracking by the sites I actively visit, like NYTimes.com or Facebook.com?
At present, Privacy Badger primarily protects you against tracking by third party sites. As far as privacy protections for “first party” sites (sites that you visit directly), Privacy Badger removes outgoing link click tracking on
Facebook
and
Google
. We plan on adding more first party privacy protections in the future.
We are doing things in this order because the most scandalous, intrusive and objectionable form of online tracking is that conducted by companies you’ve
often never heard of
and have no relationship with. First and foremost, Privacy Badger is there to enforce Do Not Track against these domains by providing the technical means to restrict access to their tracking scripts and images. The right policy for whether nytimes.com, facebook.com or google.com can track you
when you visit that site
– and the technical task of preventing it – is more complicated because often tracking is interwoven with the features the site offers.
Does Privacy Badger contain a list of blocked sites?
Unlike other blocking tools, we have not made decisions about which sites to block, but rather about which behavior is objectionable. Domains will only be blocked if Privacy Badger observes the domain collecting unique identifiers after it was sent Do Not Track and Global Privacy Control signals.
Privacy Badger
does
contain a “
yellowlist
” of some sites that are known to provide essential third party resources; those sites show up as yellow and have their cookies blocked rather than being blocked entirely. This is a compromise with practicality, and in the long term we hope to phase out the yellowlist as these third parties begin to
explicitly commit to respecting Do Not Track
. The criteria for including a domain on the yellowlist can be
found here
.
How was the cookie blocking yellowlist created?
The initial list of domains that should be cookie blocked rather than blocked entirely was derived from a
research project
on classifying third party domains as trackers and non-trackers. We will make occasional adjustments to it as necessary. If you find domains that are under- or over-blocked, please
file a bug
on GitHub.
Does Privacy Badger prevent fingerprinting?
Browser fingerprinting is an extremely subtle and problematic method of tracking, which we documented with the
Cover Your Tracks project
. Privacy Badger can detect
canvas-based fingerprinting
, and will block third party domains that use it. Detection of other forms of fingerprinting and protections against first-party fingerprinting are ongoing projects. Of course, once a domain is blocked by Privacy Badger, it will no longer be able to fingerprint you.
Does Privacy Badger consider every cookie to be a tracking cookie?
No. Privacy Badger analyzes the cookies from each site; unique cookies that contain tracking IDs are disallowed, while “low entropy” cookies that perform other functions are allowed. For instance a cookie like LANG=fr that encodes the user’s language preference, or a cookie that preserves a very small amount of information about ads the user has been shown, would be allowed provided that individual or small groups of users’ reading habits could not be collected with them.
Will you be supporting any other browsers besides Chrome, Firefox, Edge and Opera?
We are working towards
Safari on macOS
support.
Safari on iOS
seems to lack certain extension capabilities required by Privacy Badger to function properly.
Chrome on Android does not support extensions. To use Privacy Badger on Android, install
Firefox for Android
.
Privacy Badger does not work with
Microsoft Edge Legacy
. Please switch to the new
Microsoft Edge
browser. Note that Microsoft Edge does not support extensions on mobile devices.
Can I download Privacy Badger directly from eff.org?
If you use Google Chrome, you have to install extensions from Chrome Web Store. To install Privacy Badger in Chrome, visit
Privacy Badger’s Chrome Web Store listing
and click the “Add to Chrome” button there.
Otherwise, you can use the following links to get the latest version of Privacy Badger directly from eff.org:
Firefox:
https://www.eff.org/files/privacy-badger-latest.xpi
Chromium:
https://www.eff.org/files/privacy_badger-chrome.crx
I run a domain that uses cookies or other tracking. How do I stop Privacy Badger from blocking me?
One way is to stop tracking users who have turned on Global Privacy Control or Do Not Track signals (i.e., stop collecting cookies, supercookies or fingerprints from them). Privacy Badger will stop learning to block that domain. The next version of Privacy Badger to ship with an updated pre-trained list will no longer include that domain in the list. Most Privacy Badger users will then update to that list.
You can also unblock yourself by promising to meaningfully respect the Do Not Track signal. To do so, post a
verbatim
copy of
EFF’s Do Not Track policy
to the URL
https://example.com/.well-known/dnt-policy.txt
, where “example.com” is replaced by your domain. Posting EFF’s DNT policy on a domain is a promise of compliance with EFF’s DNT Policy by that domain.
If your domain is compliant with EFF’s DNT policy and declares this compliance, most Privacy Badgers will see this declaration the next time they encounter your domain. Also, the next version of Privacy Badger to ship with an updated pre-trained list will probably include your declaration of compliance in the list.
Note that the domain must support HTTPS, to protect against tampering by network attackers. The path contains “.well-known” per
RFC 5785
. Also note that you must post a copy of the policy at each compliant subdomain you control. For example, if you wish to declare compliance by both sub1.example.com and sub2.example.com, you must post EFF’s DNT policy on each domain.
Where can I find general information about Privacy Badger that I can use for a piece I'm writing?
Glad you asked! Check out this
downloadable press kit
that we’ve put together.
As an administrator, how do I configure Privacy Badger on my managed devices?
Please see our
enterprise deployment and configuration
document.
What is the Privacy Badger license? Where is the Privacy Badger source code?
Privacy Badger’s
source code
is licensed under
GPLv3+
. This website’s
source code
is licensed under
AGPLv3+
.
How can I support Privacy Badger?
Thanks for asking! Individual donations make up about half of EFF’s support, which gives us the freedom to work on user-focused projects. If you want to support the development of Privacy Badger and other projects like it, you can
throw us a few dollars here
. Thank you.
If you want to help directly with the project, we appreciate that as well. Please see
Privacy Badger’s CONTRIBUTING document
for ways to get started.
How does Privacy Badger handle social media widgets?
Social media widgets (such as the Facebook Like button) often track your reading habits. Even if you don’t click them, the social media companies often see exactly which pages you’re seeing the widget on. When blocking social buttons and other potentially useful (video, audio, comments) widgets,
Privacy Badger can replace them
with click-to-activate placeholders. You will not be tracked by these replacements unless you explicitly choose to click them.
How do I uninstall/remove Privacy Badger?
Firefox: See the
Disable or remove Add-ons
Mozilla help page.
Chrome: See the
Install and manage extensions
Chrome Web Store help page.
Edge: See the
Add or remove browser add-ons, extensions, and toolbars
Microsoft help page.
Is Privacy Badger compatible with other extensions, including adblockers?
Privacy Badger should be compatible with other extensions.
While there is likely to be overlap between the various manually-edited advertising/tracker lists and Privacy Badger, unlike adblockers, Privacy Badger automatically learns to block trackers based on their behavior. This means that Privacy Badger may learn to block trackers your adblocker doesn’t know about.
Is Privacy Badger compatible with Firefox's built-in privacy protections?
It’s fine to use Firefox’s built-in content blocking (
Enhanced Tracking Protection
or ETP) and Privacy Badger together. While there is overlap between Firefox’s tracker lists and Privacy Badger, Privacy Badger automatically learns to block trackers based on their behavior. This means that Privacy Badger’s automatically-generated and regularly updated blocklist contains trackers not found in Firefox’s human-generated lists. Additionally,
Firefox does not fully block “tracking content”
in regular (non-“private”) windows by default.
What about Firefox’s
Total Cookie Protection
(dynamic First Party Isolation or dFPI)? Total Cookie Protection works by keeping third-party cookies isolated to the site they were set on. However, if unblocked, trackers can still use techniques like
first-party cookie syncing
and
browser fingerprinting
. They can track your IP address, or they can use some combination of these techniques. Trackers
harvest sensitive information
, and
serve as vectors for malware
. Not to mention, unblocked trackers slow down websites and waste your bandwidth.
Keep in mind that Privacy Badger is
not just a tracker blocker
.
Why does my browser connect to fastly.com IP addresses on startup after installing Privacy Badger?
EFF uses Fastly to host EFF’s Web resources: Fastly is EFF’s CDN. Privacy Badger pings the CDN for the following resources to ensure that the information in them is fresh even if there hasn’t been a new Privacy Badger release in a while:
https://www.eff.org/files/pbconfig.json
EFF does not set cookies or retain IP addresses for these queries.
Why does Privacy Badger need access to my data for all websites?
When you install Privacy Badger, your browser warns that Privacy Badger can “access your data for all websites” (in Firefox), or “read and change all your data on the websites you visit” (in Chrome). You are right to be alarmed. You should only install extensions made by organizations you trust.
Privacy Badger requires these permissions to do its job of automatically detecting and blocking trackers on all websites you visit. We are not ironically (or unironically) spying on you. For more information, see our
Privacy Badger extension permissions explainer
.
Note that the extension permissions warnings only cover what the extension has access to, not what the extension actually does with what it has access to (such as whether the extension secretly uploads your browsing data to its servers). Privacy Badger will never share data about your browsing unless you choose to share it (by filing a broken site report). For more information, see EFF’s
Privacy Policy for Software
.
Why aren't videos loading on YouTube? Why isn't Privacy Badger blocking ads on YouTube?
Is YouTube not working? Try
disabling Privacy Badger
on YouTube. If that resolves the issue, see if re-enabling Privacy Badger breaks YouTube again. If YouTube goes back to not working, please
tell us
so we can look into what’s going on.
Are you surprised that ads aren’t being blocked on YouTube? Privacy Badger is primarily a privacy tool,
not an ad blocker
. When you
visit YouTube directly
, Privacy Badger does not block ads on YouTube because YouTube does not use
“third party” trackers
. If you really dislike ads, you can also install a traditional ad blocker.
I need help! I found a bug! What do I do now?
If a website isn’t working like it should, you can disable Privacy Badger just for that site, leaving Privacy Badger enabled and protecting you everywhere else. To do so, navigate to the site with the problem, click on Privacy Badger’s icon in your browser toolbar, and click the “
Disable for this site
” button in Privacy Badger’s popup. You can also let us know about broken sites using the “
Report broken site
” button.
To get help or to report bugs, please email
extension-devs@eff.org
. If you have a GitHub account, you can use our
GitHub issue tracker
.
You can also find us on
Mastodon
and
Bluesky
.
Back to questions ▲