Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy applies beginning May 25, 2018. You may change your consent anytime in our App Settings.
Solitaire collects information from you in order to provide better service and give you a better user experience. We always put your privacy as the first consideration and this Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, and protect your information.
The terms in this Privacy Policy govern the manner in which Magic Arts Ltd. collects and uses any information you (Users) provide in connection with any Magic Arts Ltd. game or Application (Hereinafter, "Services"). This Privacy Policy applies to all Services offered by Magic Arts Ltd.. By using our Services, Users agree to the collection and use of your personal information as outlined in this Privacy Policy. Magic Arts Ltd. may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time; therefore, Users are encouraged to consult the Privacy Policy regularly.
1.
Personal identification information
When you install our games and apps, we may collect and record information to enhance the experience and benefits of using our Services. We will collect personal public information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us through our Services. Users can always refuse to supply personal information. In said case, Users should avoid using social network features such as Sharing and Friend invite requests.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Services. Said information includes, but is not limited to: device type, brand and model, Android OS version, unique device identifiers, location and country.
2.
Personal Information
Personal information collected in accordance with our Services may vary depending on the activity and may include: social networking basic profile information, Request publish permissions.
Access through Social Network Services or Mobile Devices
By accessing the Services through a social network, or mobile device, Users are authorizing Magic Arts Ltd. to collect, store, and use in accordance with this Privacy Policy any and all information that they agreed the social network, mobile device platform could provide to Magic Arts Ltd. through the social network/mobile device. Their agreement takes place when they connect with the third party network, platform or service via the Services, and/or when you connect with the Services, or "accept" or "ok" (or similar terms) Services to access your information through a social network, OR mobile device or other third party platform or service. Magic Arts Ltd. may also collect or receive information about you from other Services Users who choose to upload their email contacts. This information will be stored by Magic Arts Ltd. and used primarily to help Users and their friends connect.
3.
Information Usage
Magic Arts Ltd. may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
Information Users provide helps us respond to comments, support needs, and customer service requests more efficiently.
We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Services. In addition, the personal information Users provide will allow Magic Arts Ltd. to send them messages regarding, among other things, new products, features, enhancements, special offers, upgrade opportunities, contests and other events of their interest. Users may also later opt out of these communications by sending us an email or simply just by uninstalling our Services.
Analytics, Advertising and Other Services Provided by Other Companies
We may allow other third parties companies to serve advertisements in our Services, provide analytics services or other services for the Users experience. These companies may use cookies, web beacons, Users account information (that Users set up with these companies) and other techniques to collect information about you on our Services, other online services, like IP addresses, identifiers of your mobile device, conversion information, browsers usage and pages you have visited. This information may be used to deliver advertising and content according the Users interests, better understand of the Services usage from the Users and analyzing and tracking data. These third party companies may also share this information with their customers and clients. This Privacy Policy does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, third-party cookies, web beacons, or other tracking technologies.
4.
Acceptance of the terms
By using Magic Arts Ltd. games and Apps, you agree to the terms of this policy. If you do not accept the terms in this policy, please do not use our games and Apps. The continued use of our products after any amendment of this privacy policy will be deemed your acceptance of the changes and/or new terms.
Information collected by our Third Party Advertising Partners
We work with third party advertising partners to provide personalized ads for you. Our partners include but are not limited to Google AdMob, DoubleClick Ad Exchange, DoubleClick for Publishers, Facebook Audience Network, MoPub, Amazon, Fyber, Smaato, Baidu, and etc. You may find more details about our partners in links below:
•    https://www.mopub.com/legal/privacy/
•    https://www.mopub.com/legal/partners/
Our partners may collect hardware and software information such as IP address, device ID and type, advertising IDs (such as Google's AAID and Apple's IDFA, both of which are randomly generated numbers that you can reset by going into your device' settings), device language, operating system, time zones, and identifiers associated with cookies or other technologies that may uniquely identify your device.
5. California Privacy Notice
Last Updated：December 27, 2019
Effective: January 1, 2020
This California Privacy Notice ("Notice") is for California residents and supplements our Privacy Policy. It explains how we collect, use, and share your Personal Information and how to exercise your rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 ("CCPA").
We Don't Sell Your Data
We do not sell your Personal Information, and never will. You share your information as you use and communicate through our Services, and we share your information for business purposes to help us operate, provide, improve, understand, customize, support, and market our Services.
Your rights under the CCPA
For your protection and the protection of all of our users, we may ask you to provide proof of identity before we can answer the following requests.
1. Right to know what personal information we collect. You have the right to request details on the specific personal information we've collected about you. We provide this information in our Privacy Policy, but you can also get this information by contacting us by email in the privacy policy.
2. Right to deletion. You have the right to request the deletion of your data by contacting us by email in the privacy policy.
3. Non-Discrimination. You have the right to be free from any discrimination for exercising your rights to access or delete your Personal Information. We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of these rights.
6.
Contact us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
mail:
magicart.feedback@gmail.com