The easiest way to run
your barbershop
Save time and grow your income with online bookings in just a few steps.
Rating:
4.9
1.4K reviews
Create my site for free
No credit card required :)
Trusted by 6500+ barbers
Simplify your schedule with easy online bookings
Set your availability and then relax while your customers book without interrupting your time. And don't worry if you still have some walk-ins, your system can handle it.
On average,
over 50%
of barbershop appointments are booked outside of business hours.
Get started
Create your own website in just a few clicks
All our plans include a FREE website tailored to your brand so more customers can find you on online. If you already have a site, we easily integrate with it.
Get started
Automatically fill your cancellations
When you have a cancellation, your Nearcut system will automatically notify interested customers so your calendar is rebooked.
Get started
Make money even if your customer doesn't show
Protect your time by making sure you're compensated, even if your customer is a no-show. You can take all or part of their payment when they book online or offline.
Get started
Get customers by boosting your Google reviews
Anyone who leaves you 5-star feedback on Nearcut will be prompted to add their reviews on Google, increasing your online rating with no extra effort from you.
Get started
Reach more customers through the App Store
We'll create a custom app for your business in the Apple App Store and Google Play.
Get started
Trusted by 6,500+ barbers
Barbers love when things just work.
That's why they use Nearcut.
Since 2015
Nearcut has quadrupled the size of my business.
Davie Walker
Davie The Barber
Since 2015
I would highly recommend Nearcut anyday any time... I find it to be the best tool on the internet for my Barbershop business.
Charlie Topham
Hey Charlie!
Since 2016
We have looked at many other systems over the years, and Nearcut has always come out on top. The system is perfect for our needs and grows as we do. Currently, we are managing over 2000 appointments a week and never have any issues.
Paul Davenport
Mr Barbers Franchising Ltd
Create my site for free
You're just a few steps away from
easy online bookings!
Reclaim your time and grow your income with your new online booking system.
Create my site for free
No credit card required :)
Create my site for free
No credit card required :)
This website uses cookies
This website uses cookies to improve user experience. By using our website you consent to all cookies in accordance with our Cookie Policy.
Read more
Strictly necessary
Performance
Targeting
Functionality
Save & Close
Accept all
Decline all
Show details
Hide details