Privacy Policy
We know how important your personal information is. We take your privacy very seriously. We are not in the business of selling your data. That's why we don't want your personal data; while building Solar Watch our goal has been to minimize the personal data we collect and store about to an absolute minimum required to provide and keep improving our service. You can read about our Privacy Policy in simple plain english below. By visiting get translate.app or using Solar Watch app, you are consenting to the practices described in this Privacy Policy (this “Policy”).
What Does This Privacy Policy Cover?
This policy covers how we treat personal information that Solar Watch collects and receives, including via all related websites, networks, embeddable widgets, downloadable software, mobile applications (including tablet applications), and other services provided by us and on which a link to this Policy is displayed (collectively, our “Service”).
What Information Do We Collect?
To be able to provide a high-quality Service that our customers love, we need access to some personal data. Some of this data is essential for the functioning of Solar Watch and some of it is optional. You can always adjust your data collection settings from the settings screen of the mobile app. Regardless of which data you choose to share with us, you can rest assured we will not sell this data to other parties.
Information You Provide: You do not need to register for Solar Watch. We do not have any personally identifiable information about you.
We may request to collect your email address if you would like to register for our newsletter or to be able to reply back to you when you contact Solar Watch support.
Our mobile app also collects analytics data about the usage of the Service. This information is anonymized when sent to us and/or our service provider. Additionally it never contains sensitive and personally identifiable information, like audio content, phone numbers, names or similar, about you or other parties in the recordings. The purpose of the analytics data collection is to improve the Service for all our users by (i) monitoring and analyzing the effectiveness of Service; (ii) monitoring aggregate mobile app usage metrics such as total number of active users and other similar aggregate usage patterns. You can opt-out of this data collection in the app settings.
“Cookies” Information: solarwatch.app website can set some cookies for authentication purposes. This is necessary for the correct functioning of the site.
Integrated Services. You may be given the option to access or register for the Service through the use of your user name and passwords for certain services provided by third parties (each, an “Integrated Service”), such as through the use of your Google, Microsoft or Dropbox credentials, or otherwise have the option to authorize an Integrated Service to provide personal information or other information to us. By authorizing us to connect with an Integrated Service, you authorize us to access and store your personal information that the Integrated Service makes available to us locally on your device. This information is only used to be able to save your recording to the destination you selected and it is never collected and stored in our servers.
Information from Other Sources. We may receive information, including personal information, from third parties and sources other than the Service, such as our vendors in the course of providing the Service. This kind of information we receive from external sources is irrecoverably deleted as soon as a recoding is saved and we do not store this information in any shape or form.
How Do We Use the Information We Collect?
We use the information we collect in a variety of ways in providing the Service and operating our business, including the following:
We use the information that we collect on the Service to operate, maintain, enhance and provide all features of the Service, to provide services and information that you request, to respond to comments and questions and otherwise to provide support to users.
We use the information that we collect to understand and analyze the usage trends and preferences of our users, to improve the Service, and to develop new products, services, feature, and functionality.
We may use your email address or other information we collect (i) to contact you for administrative purposes such as customer service, to address intellectual property infringement or other claimed violations of our terms of use or (ii) if you so choose by opting-in, to send communications, including updates on promotions and events, relating to products and services offered by us that are related to the Service. Generally, you have to opt-in to receiving any promotional communications as described below under “Your Choices.”
Sharing Or Disclosing Information
Information about our customers is not a part of our business. We DO NOT sell customer information. We share or disclose customer information only as described below. Except as described in this Policy, we will not disclose your information that we collect on the Service to third parties without your consent. We may disclose information to third parties if you consent to us doing so, as well as in the following circumstances:
We work with third party service providers that provide website, application development, hosting, maintenance, data transmission, data processing, and other services for us. These third parties may have access to or process your information as part of providing those services for us. However, we limit the information provided to these service providers to that which is reasonably necessary for them to perform their functions.
We may make certain automatically-collected, aggregated, or non-personally-identifiable information available to third parties for various purposes, including (i) to monitor network traffic or activity in order to detect protect you, ourselves or others from malware, fraud, unlawful uses or other illegal activity, (ii) compliance with various reporting obligations;
We may disclose your information if required to do so by law, in response to a court order, judicial or other government subpoena or warrant, or to otherwise cooperate with law enforcement or other governmental agencies.
We also reserve the right to disclose your information when we believe, in good faith, that disclosure is appropriate or necessary to (i) take precautions against liability, (ii) protect ourselves or others from fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful uses or activity, (iii) investigate and defend ourselves against any third party claims or allegations, (iv) protect the security or integrity of the Service or any facilities or equipment used to make the Service available, or (v) protect our property or legal rights (including, but not limited to, enforcement of our agreements), or the rights, property, or safety of others.
Information about our users, including personal information, may be disclosed and otherwise transferred to an acquirer of SolarWatch, or to a successor or assignee as part of any merger, acquisition, debt financing, sale of assets, or similar transaction, as well as in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership in which information is transferred to one or more third parties as one of our business assets. In the event Solar Watch is acquired by or merged with another company, the terms of this Privacy Policy shall continue to apply.
Information Retention Policy
Except when we believe we are required to retain your personal information by law, we will only retain your personal information for a year after we become aware that you have ceased using the Service. However, we may not know if you have stopped using the Service so we encourage you to contact us at hello@fifteenjugglers.com if you are no longer using the Service. We may retain other information that is not personally identifiable for backups, archiving, prevention of fraud and abuse, analytics, or where we otherwise reasonably believe that we have a legitimate reason to do so.
Your Choices and Rights
If you wish to access, change or delete personal information we hold about you, you may contact us at hello@fifteenjugglers.com. If we change or delete your personal information or if you decline to actively share certain personal information with us, we may not be able to provide to you the Service or some of the features and functionality of the Service. In addition, you may contact us at hello@fifteenjugglers.com﻿ to request that we not disclose your personal information to third parties (other than those that are acting as our agent to perform tasks on our behalf, such as data processors).
You have the following rights in relation to how we use your personal information:
Access: you may request access to your personal information and receive copies of it;
Correction: you may have inaccurate/incomplete personal information corrected and updated;
Object to, or Limit or Restrict, Use of Data: you can ask us to stop using all or some of your personal information or to limit our use of it.
Deletion: in certain circumstances, you can request a right “to be forgotten” (this is a right to have your information deleted or our use of your data restricted). We will honor such requests unless we have to retain this information to comply with a legal obligation or unless we have an overriding interest to retain it.
Portability: in certain circumstances, exercise the right to data portability (this is a right to obtain a transferable version of your personal information to transfer to another provider).
Consent Management: where we rely on consent to process your personal data, you may withdraw consent at any time. You do not have to provide a reason for your withdrawal where processing is based on consent.
If you wish to exercise any of these rights, or wish to object to our use of your information, please write to us at the address listed above and we will process your request in accordance with applicable laws.
Keep in mind, we may reject requests for certain reasons, including if the request is unlawful or if it may infringe on the rights and freedoms of another person.
For your protection, we may ask you to provide proof of identity before we can answer the above requests.
Device permissions: Mobile platforms have permission systems for specific types of device data and notifications, such as camera and microphone as well as push notifications. Where applicable, you can change your settings on your device to either consent or oppose the collection of the corresponding information or the display of the corresponding notifications. Of course, if you do that, certain services may lose full functionality.
Uninstall: You can stop all information collection by an app by uninstalling it using the standard uninstall process for your device. The unique identifier associated with your device is your phone number. If you re-install the application on the same mobile device with the same phone number, we will be able to re-associate this identifier to your previous transactions and activities.
If you opt-in to receive commercial email from us, you may unsubscribe at any time by following the instructions contained within the email. Please remember, even after you opt-out from receiving commercial messages from us, you will continue to receive administrative messages from us regarding the Service.
Third-Party Services
The Service may contain features or links to websites and services provided by third parties that are not affiliated with Solar Watch or the Service. This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of such companies. When you visit the website or use the Service, third parties may collect personal information about your online activities. These third parties may also collect personal information about your online activities across different websites or applications over time. Any information you provide on third party sites or services is provided directly to the operators of such services and is subject to those operators’ policies, if any, governing privacy and security, even if accessed through the Service. We are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of third party sites or services to which links or access are provided through the Service. We encourage you to learn about third parties’ privacy and security policies before providing them with information.
Children
Solar Watch does not sell products for purchase by children. We sell products for purchase by adults, although they may be used by children. If you are under 18 (or under 16 in the EU), you may use the Solar Watch website and service only with the permission and involvement of a parent or guardian.
Confidentiality And Security
Solar Watch limits internal access to your personal information to employees who we reasonably believe require this information in order to do their jobs or to provide products and services to you. We use reasonable and appropriate measures to help protect the integrity and security of personal information that we collect and maintain. We cannot, however, ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or store on the Service, and you do so at your own risk. We also cannot guarantee that such information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards. If we learn of a security systems breach, then we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps. We may also post a notice through the Service if a security breach occurs. Depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing.
International Users and Data Transfers
The Service is hosted in the United States and is intended for visitors located within the United States as well as users located outside of the United States. If you choose to use the Service from the European Union or other regions of the world with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, note that you are transferring your personal information outside of those regions to the United States for storage and processing. Also, we may transfer your data from the U.S. to other countries or regions in connection with storage and processing of data, fulfilling your requests, and operating the Service. By providing any information, including personal information, on or to the Service, you consent to such transfer, storage, and processing.
Conclusion
Solar Watch may update this policy at any time. We will notify you of any material change to this policy by placing a notice in a prominent place on our web site or app. If you have further questions or suggestions regarding Solar Watch Privacy Policy, you can contact us at hello@fifteenjugglers.com.
Notice for California Users
Under Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80, a user residing in the State of California has the right to request from us a list of all third parties to which we have disclosed personal information during the preceding year for direct marketing purposes. We do not disclose such information for direct marketing purposes, and so no such list exists. For questions about this policy, please contact us at hello@fifteenjugglers.com. We do obey Do Not Track signals from a user’s Internet browser. We make no representations concerning third parties that do not collect personal information directly through the Website. These disclosures are made under Cal. Bus. & Prof. Code § 22575.
Contact Us
If you have further questions or suggestions regarding Solar Watch Privacy Policy, you can contact us at
hello@fifteenjugglers.com