iAnesthesia LLC
Applications
ACLS Rhythms
Case Logs
Credentials
Drug Infusion
ECHO
Echocardiography
Flashlight
Instant ECG
Pedi Safe
STAT Intubation
UDID Pro
Cardano
Press Releases
Privacy Policy & Terms of Use
The Company
iAnesthesia LLC
Privacy Policy
Effective as of: December 8, 2018
iAnesthesia wants to demonstrate its commitment to your privacy and therefore discloses its information and privacy practices.
This privacy policy governs your use of iAnesthesia apps, websites, emails and educational content, including Instant ECG, PediSafe, ACLS Exam Review, Drug Infusion, EchoViews, ACLS Rhythms, and Stat Intubation.
Collectively referred to as “the Services,” iAnesthesia offers apps that aggregate techniques of medical management and that provide educational tools for clinical decision support in emergencies.
If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should contact support@18.232.189.14.
iAnesthesia works hard to ensure that the privacy and security of your personal and posted information is our primary concern. The following Privacy Policy provides details regarding how this is done.
Information Collected
iAnesthesia may collect personal information that you submit on the registration pages of the app and website (such as your name, email address, professional credentials, job description, country of practice, zip or postal codes) and is the sole owner of said information. This type of required information is clearly identified when requested.
All other optional personal information is provided entirely at your discretion.
iAnesthesia also collects information generated as you interact within our app & website (such as your browser type, mobile device type, IP address, referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, tools utilized and time spent using each tool). Certain information of this type is stored using “cookies”. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a user’s device or computer tied to information about that user. We use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies. We use session cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our site. A session ID cookie expires when you close your browser. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period. You can block or remove persistent cookies by following directions provided in your internet browser’s “help” file.
We do not link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our website.
A number of features within the apps & websites may allow you to post personal information and/or content that will be viewable by other users. As such, when posting any content, article titles, article comments or tags you should not reveal anything that you want to keep private. Be aware that any personally identifying information posted on the site may be used to contact you.
iAnesthesia may use personally identifiable information, including registration information, in assessing educational needs and evaluating its educational activities.
Use of Information Collected
When you register on the apps or websites, the information you provide forms the basis of your personal profile. This information is stored by iAnesthesia primarily to provide you with personalized content delivery and facilitate interactions amongst other users of the apps and websites. Data is stored as long as you are a registered user of our service, but removed upon your request.
A secondary use of this information is to allow iAnesthesia to target specific advertising to you. For example, a member that identifies his/herself as an Anesthesiologist may receive specific advertisements that differ from those that appear to a member identified as a surgeon.
We use analytics tools to track anonymized user data on how the app and website are used. This data is used for internal review and to optimize the user experience.
We may share some kinds of personally identifiable information with third parties as described below.
Other Companies: We have strategic relationships with other companies who offer products and services. When you are interacting with one of these companies, a different privacy policy may apply and will be presented to you at such time.
Protection of Information Collected
iAnesthesia follows generally accepted industry standard security measures to protect your information. To ensure that your personal information is protected, iAnesthesia relies on Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information that you input. SSL is the industry standard used to protect sensitive and personal information as it passes over the web.
If you request it, iAnesthesia will tell you what personal information we hold about you and how we process it and we will provide you with a copy of that information. You are also entitled to access, rectify, change, update, delete, revoke, or improve upon your personal information at any time. You can exercise this right free of charge. We may ask you to provide further information to confirm your identity before considering your request. To make such a request, please send an email to support@18.232.189.14.
For purposes of providing the Services, iAnesthesia may transfer your Personal User Information (including User-Provided Information) to servers located in the United States or other countries outside of the European Economic Area which provide for a different level of data protection. By using and continuing to use the Services, you agree to that transfer.
The Personal User Information we hold is used solely for the purposes of operating the Services and communicating with you. We will not provide Personal User Information, unless anonymized and aggregated, to any third parties, other than service providers acting on our behalf to assist in running the Services. The information we request from you is mandatory unless indicated otherwise and is necessary to enable iAnesthesia to provide you with the Services. You are also entitled to object to any processing of your personal data on reasonable grounds.
Legal Disclaimer
We reserve the right to disclose your Personal User Information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our apps or sites.
Access to Information Collected
If you wish to modify your personal information or change/delete the optional information in your profile that is viewable by other users, you can do so at any time by logging onto the site and/or app and accessing your account.
If you wish to remove your account from the iAnesthesia database you can do so by contacting iAnesthesia at support@18.232.189.14.
You will receive a response within 10 business days. Removed information may continue in backup servers for a reasonable period of time-based on industry best practices but will no longer be viewable by other users. If you lose your password or believe it has been stolen, you can reset it via the website or app and a temporary password will be provided to your email on file.
External Emails
When you sign up for an iAnesthesia account, you will be subscribed to iAnestheisa informational newsletters, and we will use your name and email address to send the newsletters to you. At the footer of each email, a link is provided to allow you a way to easily unsubscribe. When we have new personalized content that you have indicated you want to be alerted about, you will receive an email notification. You have the option to control if such emails are sent out.
Links
Within the apps and sites, there may be links to other websites that are posted or shared by other users. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by iAnesthesia and, therefore iAnesthesia cannot be responsible for the privacy practices of other websites.
Custom Audiences
We may participate in Facebook’s Custom Audience or similar programs offered by Google, Twitter, LinkedIn or other similar services which enables us to display personalized ads to persons on our email lists or who have visited our websites or apps. We provide hashed Personal Information such as your email address to determine if you are a registered account holder with one of these services. Custom Audiences can be used to provide reminders of services you may be interested in,
You may opt-out of participation in Custom Audiences by sending an email, from the email address you are opting out of, to support@18.232.189.14.
Other Personalized And Behavioral Advertising Services
.
We may participate in additional retargeting and behavioral advertising services that will be similar to the services described above.
Children and Parents
Instant ECG, PediSafe, Drug Infusion, EchoViews, ACLS Rhythms, ACLS Exam, and STAT Intubation are not designed for children, and certainly not for children less than 16 years of age. We do not knowingly collect personal information of children under 16 and will delete any information associated with underage users.
Business Transitions
In the event iAnesthesia goes through a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, your Personal User Information will likely be among the assets transferred. You will be notified of any such change in ownership or control of your personal information.
Notice to Residents of California
California law permits customers in California to request certain details about how their information is shared with third parties and, in some cases, affiliates, for those third parties’ and affiliates’ own direct marketing purposes. Under the law, a business must either provide this information or permit California customers to opt in to, or opt out of, this type of sharing. We may from time to time elect to share certain information you collected by us on the Services with third parties or affiliates for those third parties’ or affiliates’ own direct marketing purposes.
If you are a resident of California, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to opt out and/or request information regarding the disclosure of your personal information by us to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. This Policy applies only to their activities within the State of California.
To make such a request, please send an email to support@18.232.189.14 or write us at 3155 Kittrell Ct Boulder, CO 80305
Any such request must include “California Privacy Rights Request” in the first line of the request and include your name, street, address, city, state, and ZIP code. Please note that we are only required to respond to one request per customer each year, and we are not required to respond to requests made by means other than through this email address or mail address. California residents are also entitled to contact the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs in writing at 1625 North Market Blvd., Sacramento, CA 95834, or by telephone at (916) 445-1254 or (800) 952-5210 for suspected violations and to learn more about their rights.
Additional Terms for Residents of the United Kingdom, Norway, Iceland, Kazakhstan, Turkey, The Russian Federation, South America, Ukraine, Uzbekistan
and
The European Union
If you are a resident of the United Kingdom, Norway, Iceland, Kazakhstan, Turkey, the Russian Federation, South America, Ukraine, Uzbekistan, or the European Union, legislation permits you to request that we tell you what personal information we hold about you and how we process it and that we provide you with a copy of that information. You are also entitled to access, rectify, change, update, delete, revoke, or improve upon your personal information at any time. You can exercise this right free of charge. We may ask you to provide further information to confirm your identity before considering your request.
To make such a request, please send an email to support@18.232.189.14 or write to us at 3155 Kittrell Ct Boulder, CO 80305
For purposes of providing the Services, iAnesthesia may transfer your Personal User Information (including User-Provided Information) to servers located in the United States or other countries outside of the European Economic Area/Ukraine which provide for a different level of data protection. By using and continuing to use the Services, you agree to that transfer.
The Personal User Information we hold is used solely for the purposes of operating the Services and communicating with you. We will not provide Personal User Information, unless anonymized and aggregated, to any third parties, other than service providers acting on our behalf to assist in running the Services. The information we request from you is mandatory unless indicated otherwise and is necessary to enable iAnesthesia LLC to provide you with the Services. You are also entitled to object to any processing of your personal data on reasonable grounds.
If you are a resident of Ukraine, you are hereby informed that iAnesthesia LLC shall be your personal data controller, processing information defined as User-Provided Information and Automatically Collected Information.
Apart from the rights listed in this section above, you also have the following rights as regards personal data protection:
The right to be aware of the collecting sources, location of your personal data, processing purpose, location and/or place of residence (location) of the controller or the processor of your personal data, or to give the respective instruction to obtain such information to authorized parties, except the cases, established by law;
The right to obtain the information about the terms for granting access to your personal data, including the information on the third parties to whom your personal data is transferred;
The right to obtain no later than thirty (30) calendar days from the moment of the request submission, except for the cases, established by law, a response regarding whether your personal data is processed, as well as to obtain the content of your personal data currently processed;
The right to protect your personal data from illegal processing and unintended loss, damage resulting from purposeful concealment, nondisclosure or untimely disclosure, as well as to protect the information that is inaccurate, or discrediting honor, dignity and business reputation of the individual;
The right to claim for the protection of your rights with respect to your personal data to the Parliament Commissioner of Ukraine on Protection of Human Rights or court;
The right to bring the means of legal protection in case of violation of personal data protection legislation;
To make a reservation with regard to restrictions of the right to process your personal data when granting consent to your personal data processing;
To withdraw your consent for personal data processing;
To know the mechanism of automatic personal data processing;
To be protected from an automated decision that has legal consequences for you.
Additional Terms For Residents of Australia, New Zealand, China, India, Israel, Japan, and South Africa
If you are a resident of Australia, New Zealand, China, India, Israel, Japan, or South Africa privacy legislation permits you to request that we tell you what personal information we hold about you and provide you with a copy of that information. You also have the right to request that we correct your personal information if it is inaccurate, out-of-date, or incomplete. We may ask you to provide further information to confirm your identity before considering your request. To make an access and/or correction request, please send an email to support@18.232.189.14 or write us at 3155 Kittrell Ct Boulder, CO 80305
It is not mandatory or legally required for you to provide us with any of your personal information. However, if you do not provide the information that we ask for, you may not be able to access and use all of the Services features available to users.
iAnesthesia may transfer your personal data to servers located in other countries for purposes of providing the Services. By using and continuing to use the Services, you agree to that transfer. If you are an Australian resident, you acknowledge that by providing your consent to the transfer to servers located outside Australia, we are not required to take reasonable steps to ensure your personal information is handled in accordance with Australian privacy law.
If you are a user in China, if you notice any personal information leakage or otherwise have any complaint about the protection of your personal information, please contact support@18.232.189.14.
We will respond within ten (10) days of the receipt of your email.
Additional Terms for Residents of South Korea
If you are a resident of South Korea, we will collect and use your User-Provided Information and Automatically Collected Information (hereinafter collectively referred to as “Personal Information,”) after your express prior consent.
It is not mandatory for you to provide us with any of your Personal Information. However, if you do not provide the information that we ask for, you may not be able to access and use all or parts of the Service’s features available to users.
The Personal Information Protection Act and Act on Promotion of Information and Communications Network Utilizations and Information Protection permit you to request that we tell you what Personal Information we hold about you, how we process it, and that we provide you with a copy of that information. You are also entitled to access, rectify, change, update, delete, revoke, or improve upon your Personal Information at any time. You can exercise this right free of charge. To make an access and/or correction request, please send an email to support@18.232.189.14 or write to us at 3155 Kittrell Ct Boulder CO 80305
The contact details of our Privacy Officer in charge of protecting and managing your Personal Information, and handling inquiries and complaints concerning Personal Information, are as follows:
Name of Department: Privacy
Contact Information: support@18.232.189.14
All of your Personal Information will be stored, processed, and transmitted after encryption.
You may block cookies by activating settings on the browser that allow you to refuse the settings of all or some cookies.
When we destroy Personal Information, we will take commercially reasonable and technically possible measures to ensure that the information is not restored or regenerated. If we need to retain Personal Information instead of destroying it, we will store and manage such Personal Information or the Personal Information file separately from other Personal Information to the extent technically possible. If the Personal Information that needs to be destroyed is in the form of an electronic file, we will permanently delete such information in an irrevocable manner. Any other document, printout, letter, and other recorded media will be destroyed by incinerating or shredding.
If you have any comments, questions or concerns regarding our privacy policy, please send a message to our chief privacy officer at support@18.232.189.14
Changes to this Privacy Policy
iAnesthesia LLC reserves the right to revise or update this Privacy Policy at any time. In the event that significant changes are made, iAnesthesia LLC commits to advising all users at the time that any significant change is made. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our home page or app.
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
Last updated December 8, 2018.
Terms of Use
Last Updated: Effective Date: October 2016
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS CAREFULLY, INCLUDING THE MANDATORY ARBITRATION PROVISION WHICH REQUIRES THAT DISPUTES ARE RESOLVED BY FINAL AND BINDING ARBITRATION ON AN INDIVIDUAL AND NOT A CLASS-WIDE OR CONSOLIDATED BASIS.
BY ACCESSING OR USING OUR SERVICES (DEFINED BELOW), YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS OF SERVICE AND ALL TERMS INCORPORATED HEREIN BY REFERENCE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THESE TERMS, DO NOT ACCESS OR USE OUR SERVICES.
These Terms of Service (“Terms”) apply when you access or use the websites (collectively, the “Site”) of iAnesthesia.org (“Company,” “we,” “us” or “our”), our mobile applications, and the services, content and materials made available via the Site or mobile applications (collectively, the “Services”). These Terms do not alter in any way the terms or conditions of any other agreement you may have with Company for products, services or otherwise.
We reserve the right to change or modify these Terms at any time and in our sole discretion. If we make changes to these Terms, we will provide notice of such changes, such as by sending you an email notification, providing notice through the Services or updating the “Last Updated” date at the top of these Terms. Your continued use of the Services following our notice of the amended Terms will confirm your acceptance of the amended Terms. If you do not agree to the amended Terms, you may not continue accessing or using the Services.
All questions or comments about the Services should be directed to support@18.232.189.14.
1. Privacy Policy
Please refer to our Privacy Policy for information about how Company collects, uses and discloses information about you.
2. Eligibility
The Services are not targeted towards, nor intended for use by, anyone under the age of 18. By using the Services, you represent and warrant that you: (a) are 18 years of age or older; (b) have not been previously suspended from using the Services; and (c) have full power and authority to enter into these Terms and that, in doing so, you will not violate any other agreement to which you are a party.
3. Account
In order to access and use certain areas or features of the Services, you may be required to register for an account. If you create an account via our Services, you agree to: (a) provide accurate, current and complete information; (b) maintain and promptly update your account information to keep it accurate, current and complete; (c) maintain the security of your account and accept all risks of unauthorized access to your account and the information you provide to us; and (d) immediately notify us if you discover or otherwise suspect any security breaches related to your account or the Services.
4. Terms of Sale
Access to certain materials, video and other course content on the Services is made available for purchase (“Premium Services”). Your payment for any access to any Premium Services is subject to the following terms:
a.
Price; Payment Plans. The price for any Premium Services will be made available via the Services at time of purchase. You may pay for access to the Premium Services in full at the time of your purchase or pursuant to any installment payment plan that we make available.
b.
Installment Payment Plans. If you select an installment payment plan, you hereby grant Company permission to automatically charge the applicable Premium Services fee to your designated payment method at the beginning of each applicable payment period until all payments have been completed. If you select an installment payment plan, you agree to keep your designated payment method information, including all billing information, current, complete and accurate.
c.
Valid Payment Methods. Only valid payment methods acceptable to us, or our designated payment processors, may be used to purchase access to our Premium Services. By submitting your order to purchase access to our Premium Services, you represent and warrant that you are authorized to use your designated payment method and authorize us, or our designated payment processors, to charge your purchase to that method. If your payment method cannot be verified or is invalid, your order may be suspended or cancelled automatically. You must resolve any problem we, or our designated payment processors, encounter in order to proceed with your order.
d.
Refunds. Please consult our refund policy at www.ianesthesia.org (“Refund Policy”) for information regarding any refunds that may be available for any Premium Services. To be eligible for a refund, you must make a refund request through our customer service team at support@18.232.189.14 within the applicable time period set forth in the Refund Policy. All refunds for mobile applications purchased on the Apple App Store are handled by Apple. For refunds for Android applications please submit a refund request at support@18.232.189.14
e.
No Cancellations. Other than in connection with our Refund Policy, all sales are final and we do not offer any refunds or cancellations. If you select an installment payment plan, you will be obligated to complete all installment payments.
f.
Errors in Charges. In the event of an error that results in an incorrect charge, we reserve the right to correct such error and revise your order accordingly if necessary (including charging the correct price) or to cancel the order and refund any erroneous amount charged. In addition, we may, in lieu of a refund as provided in this paragraph, opt to provide you with a service credit, with a value equal to the amount charged to your payment method.
g.
Taxes. You are responsible for any applicable sales or use tax, duties, or other governmental taxes or fees payable in connection with your purchase. If you do not pay such sales or other tax or fee on a transaction, you will be responsible for such taxes or fees in the event that they are later determined to be payable on such sale, and Company reserves the right to collect such taxes or other fees from you at any time.
5. Copyright and Limited License
Unless otherwise indicated, the Services, including all content, video and other materials on or made available via the Services, are the proprietary property of Company and its licensors and are protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. Any use, copying, redistribution and/or publication of any part of the Services, other than as authorized by these Terms or expressly authorized in writing by us, is strictly prohibited. In addition, the look and feel of the Services, including all page headers, custom graphics, button icons and scripts, is the proprietary property of Company and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without our prior written permission. You do not acquire any ownership rights to any content, video and other materials on or made available via the Services, and we reserve all rights not expressly granted in these Terms.
You are granted a limited, non-transferable, non-exclusive, revocable right to access and use the Services solely for your own personal purposes; provided, however, that such license is subject to these Terms and does not include the right to: (a) resell, lease, rent or sublicense any Services or any access to the Services or any content, video and other materials on or made available via the Services; (b) copy, distribute, publicly perform or publicly display any Services or any content, video and other materials on or made available via the Services; (c) modify or otherwise make any derivative uses of any Services or any content, video and other materials on or made available via the Services; (d) download (other than page caching) any content, video and other materials on or made available via the Services, except as expressly permitted in connection with the Services; or (e) use the Services or any content, video and other materials on or made available via the Services other than for their intended purposes. Except as explicitly stated herein, nothing in these Terms shall be construed as conferring any license to intellectual property rights, whether by estoppel, implication or otherwise.
6. Trademarks
iAnesthesia the Company logos, the look and feel of the Services, and any other product or service name, logo or slogan contained in the Services are trademarks, service marks and/or trade dress of Company or our suppliers or licensors and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without the prior written authorization of Company or the applicable trademark holder. Any authorized use of such trademarks, service marks and/or trade dress must be in accordance with any guidelines provided by Company.
7. Confidential Information; Non-Disclosure.
a.
You acknowledge that certain content, videos and other materials on or made available via the Services constitute the Confidential Information of Company. “Confidential Information” refers to certain information that is marked as “Confidential” or “Proprietary” that we reasonably regard as proprietary or confidential relating our courses, business, products, processes and techniques, including without limitation information relating to our trade secrets, business plans, strategies, methods and/or practices that is not generally known to the public and is disclosed to you pursuant to your express agreement to maintain the confidentiality of the Confidential Information.
b.
Except as expressly allowed herein, you agree to hold in confidence and not disclose any such Confidential Information except in accordance with this Agreement.
c.
The foregoing obligations shall not apply to the extent that Confidential Information: (i) must be disclosed to comply with any requirement of law or order of a court or administrative body; (ii) is known to or in your or our possession prior to receiving the disclosure of such Confidential Information as documented by notes or records; (iii) is known or generally available to the public through no act or omission of you or us in breach of this Agreement; or (iv) is made available free of any legal restriction by a third party. The duties and requirements under this section shall survive termination of this Agreement.
d.
You hereby agree that any unauthorized disclosure of Company’s Confidential Information may cause immediate and irreparable injury to Company and that, in the event of such breach, Company will be entitled, in addition to any other available remedies, to immediate injunctive and other equitable relief, without bond and without the necessity of showing actual monetary damages.
8. Hyperlinks
You are granted a limited, non-exclusive right to create a text hyperlink to the Site for noncommercial purposes, provided such link does not portray Company or the Services in a false, misleading, derogatory or otherwise defamatory manner and provided further that the linking website does not contain any illegal material or any material that is offensive, harassing or otherwise objectionable. This limited right may be revoked at any time. You may not use a Company logo or other proprietary graphic of Company to link to the Site without the express written permission of Company. Further, you may not use, frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any Company trademark, logo or other proprietary information, including the images found within the Services, the content of any text or the layout/design of any page or form contained within the Services, without Company’s express written consent. Except as expressly stated in these Terms, you are not conveyed any right or license by implication, estoppel or otherwise in or under any intellectual property right of Company or any third party.
9. User Content
The Services may include discussion forums, blogs, profiles, or other interactive features or areas (collectively, “Interactive Areas”), in which you or other users create, post, transmit or store any content on the Services, such as text, photos, video or graphics (“User Content”). You agree that you are solely responsible for your User Content and for your use of the Interactive Areas, and that you use the Interactive Areas at your own risk.
By submitting or posting User Content, you grant Company a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable and fully sublicensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, perform and display such User Content via the Services and any other medium. Further, you acknowledge and agree that Company may, but is not obligated to, enforce its rights in the User Content against third-party infringers. You represent and warrant that you own and control all of the rights, title and interest in and to any User Content you provide or you otherwise have all necessary rights to grant the rights to Company that you grant in these Terms.
You agree not to post, upload to, transmit, distribute, store, create or otherwise publish or send through the Services any User Content that:
a.
is unlawful, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, harassing, threatening, abusive, inflammatory, fraudulent or otherwise objectionable;
b.
would constitute, encourage or provide instructions for a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or that would otherwise create liability or violate any local, state, national or international law;
c.
displays, describes or encourages usage of any product we sell in a manner that could be offensive, inappropriate or harmful to Company or any user;
d.
may violate the publicity, privacy or data protection rights of others, including pictures or information about another individual where you have not obtained such individual’s consent;
e.
makes false or misleading statements, claims or depictions about a person, company, product or service;
f.
does not clearly and prominently disclose any material connections you may have to Company or a third-party brand or seller (for example, if you receive free products or services or are a paid blogger or employee of Company or such third-party brand or seller);
g.
may infringe any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other intellectual or proprietary right of any party;
h.
impersonates any person or entity or otherwise misrepresents your affiliation with a person or entity;
i.
contains viruses, malware of any kind, corrupted data or other harmful, disruptive or destructive files or code; and
j.
in the sole judgment of Company, restricts or inhibits any other person from using or enjoying the Services or which may expose Company or its users to any harm or liability of any type.
Company takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any User Content posted, stored or uploaded by you or any third party or for any loss or damage thereto, nor is Company liable for any mistakes, defamation, slander, libel, omissions, falsehoods, obscenity, pornography or profanity you may encounter. Enforcement of the Terms is solely in our discretion and the absence of enforcement of these Terms in some instances does not constitute a waiver of our right to enforce the Terms in other instances. In addition, these Terms do not create any private right of action on the part of any third party or any reasonable expectation or promise that the Services will not contain any content that is prohibited by these Terms.
Although Company has no obligation to screen, edit or monitor any of the User Content posted on the Services, Company reserves the right, and has absolute discretion, to remove, screen or edit any User Content posted or stored on the Services at any time and for any reason without notice, and you are solely responsible for creating backup copies and replacing any User Content you post or store on the Services at your sole cost and expense.
10. Feedback
Separate and apart from User Content, you may submit questions, comments, suggestions, ideas, plans, notes, drawings, original or creative materials or other information, about the Services or Company (“Feedback”). Feedback is non-confidential and shall become the sole property of Company. Company shall own, and you hereby assign to Company, all right, title and interest, including all intellectual property rights, in and to such Feedback and Company shall be entitled to the unrestricted use and dissemination of any Feedback for any purpose, commercial or otherwise, without acknowledgment or compensation to you. You agree to execute any documentation required by Company (in our sole discretion) to confirm such assignment to, and unrestricted use and dissemination by, Company of any Feedback.
11. User Conduct
You agree that you will not use the Services in violation of any law, contract or intellectual property or other third party right. You further agree not to:
a.
use the Services in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden or impair the Services;
b.
send unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, solicitations, promotional materials, spam, junk mail, chain letters and pyramid schemes, or harvest or collect email addresses or other contact information of other users from the Services for the purposes of sending commercial emails;
c.
use any robot, spider, crawler, scraper or other automated means or interface not provided by us to access the Services or to extract data;
d.
introduce to the Services any virus, trojan worms, logic bombs or other harmful material;
e.
circumvent measures employed to prevent or limit access to any area, content or feature of the Services;
f.
use or attempt to use another’s account, or grant any third party any right to access your account, without authorization from Company;
g.
engage in any harassing, intimidating, predatory or stalking conduct;
h.
develop any third-party applications that interact with User Content and the Services; or
i.
“Frame” our Services or otherwise make it look like you have a relationship to us or that we have endorsed you for any purpose without the prior written permission of Company.
12. Repeat Infringer Policy; Copyright Complaints
In accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) and other applicable law, Company has adopted a policy of terminating, in appropriate circumstances and at Company’s sole discretion, users or account holders who are deemed to be repeat infringers. Company may also at its sole discretion limit access to the Services and/or terminate the accounts of any users who infringe any intellectual property rights of others, whether or not there is any repeat infringement.
If you believe that anything on the Services infringes upon any copyright that you own or control, you may file a notification of such infringement with our Designated Agent as set forth below.
Name of Designated Agent: United States Corporation Agents, Inc
Address: 14205 SE 36th Street Suite 100-288 Bellevue, WA 98006
E-Mail Address: support@iAnesthesia.org
Please see 17 U.S.C. §512(c)(3) for the requirements of a proper notification.  You should note that if you knowingly misrepresent in your notification that the material or activity is infringing, you may be liable for any damages, including costs and attorneys’ fees, incurred by us or the alleged infringer as the result of our relying upon such misrepresentation in removing or disabling access to the material or activity claimed to be infringing.
13. Third-Party Content, Advertisements and Promotions
Company may provide third-party content on the Services, including without limitation advertisements and promotional offers, and may provide links to web pages and content of third parties (collectively the “Third-Party Content”). Company does not control, endorse or adopt any Third-Party Content and makes no representation or warranties of any kind regarding the Third-Party Content, including without limitation regarding its accuracy or completeness. You acknowledge and agree that Company is not responsible or liable in any manner for any Third-Party Content and undertakes no responsibility to update or review any Third-Party Content. Your use of any Third-Party Content is at your own risk. The inclusion of Third-Party Content on the Services does not imply affiliation, endorsement or adoption by Company of any Third-Party Content or any information contained therein. Your business dealings or correspondence with, or participation in the promotional offers of, any third party responsible for Third-Party Content, and any terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings or promotional offers, are solely between you and such third party. When you leave the Services, you should be aware that our terms and policies no longer govern. You should review the applicable terms and policies, including privacy and data gathering practices, of any site to which you navigate from the Services.
14. Disclaimer
THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY AND SHOULD NOT BE CONSTRUED AS LEGAL, FINANCIAL, MEDICAL OR OTHER PROFESSIONAL ADVICE OR, UNLESS OTHERWISE EXPRESSLY STATED, AS COMPANY’S OFFICIAL POSITION ON ANY SUBJECT MATTER. THE SERVICES SHOULD NOT BE RELIED UPON FOR PURPOSES OF MEDICAL TREATMENT. COMPANY DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT (A) THE SERVICES ARE ACCURATE, COMPLETE, RELIABLE, CURRENT OR ERROR-FREE, OR (B) THE SERVICES OR OUR SERVER(S) ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. YOU SHOULD USE INDUSTRY-RECOGNIZED SOFTWARE TO DETECT AND DISINFECT VIRUSES FROM ANY DOWNLOAD FROM THE SERVICES
EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED TO THE CONTRARY IN A WRITING BY COMPANY, THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, AND, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, COMPANY DISCLAIMS ALL STATUTORY AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
15. Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Company, our independent contractors, service providers and consultants, and our and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents (collectively, the “Company Parties”) from and against any claims, damages, costs, liabilities and expenses (including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys’ fees) arising out of or related to (a) your use of the Services, (b) any Feedback you provide, (c) your breach of any of these Terms, or (d) your violation of the rights of any third party.
16. Limitation of Liability
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW: (A) IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COMPANY PARTIES BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF PROFITS OR LOSS OF DATA, WHETHER IN AN ACTION IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING AS A RESULT OF COMPANY’S NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THESE TERMS OR THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICES; AND (B) IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF THE COMPANY PARTIES, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, WARRANTY, TORT (INCLUDING AS A RESULT OF COMPANY’S ALLEGED NEGLIGENCE), PRODUCT LIABILITY, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHER THEORY, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THESE TERMS OR THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICES EXCEED ANY COMPENSATION YOU PAY, IF ANY, TO COMPANY FOR ACCESS TO OR USE OF THE SERVICES.
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT COMPANY HAS OFFERED THE SERVICES, SET ITS PRICES, AND ENTERED INTO THESE TERMS IN RELIANCE UPON THE WARRANTY DISCLAIMERS AND THE LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY SET FORTH IN THESE TERMS, AND THAT THE WARRANTY DISCLAIMERS AND THE LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY SET FORTH HEREIN FORM AN ESSENTIAL BASIS OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN YOU AND COMPANY. COMPANY WOULD NOT BE ABLE TO PROVIDE THE SERVICES ON AN ECONOMICALLY REASONABLE BASIS WITHOUT THESE LIMITATIONS.
17. No Third-Party Beneficiaries
These Terms are for the benefit of, and will be enforceable by, Company and you only. These Terms are not intended to confer any right or benefit on any third party or to create any obligations to any such third party.
18. Modifications to the Services
Company reserves the right to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Services or any features or portions thereof without prior notice. You agree that Company will not be liable for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the Services or any part thereof.
19. Arbitration
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING PARAGRAPH CAREFULLY BECAUSE IT REQUIRES YOU TO ARBITRATE DISPUTES WITH COMPANY AND LIMITS THE MANNER IN WHICH YOU CAN SEEK RELIEF FROM COMPANY.
19.1. Binding Arbitration
Except for any disputes, claims, suits, actions, causes of action, demands or proceedings (collectively, “Disputes”) arising out of or related to a violation of Section 11 or Disputes in which either party seeks to bring an individual action in small claims court or seeks injunctive or other equitable relief for the alleged unlawful use of intellectual property, including, without limitation, copyrights, trademarks, trade names, logos, trade secrets or patents, you and Company agree (a) to waive your and Company’s respective rights to have any and all Disputes arising from or related to these Terms or the Services, resolved in a court, and (b) to waive your and Company’s respective rights to a jury trial. Instead, you and Company agree to arbitrate Disputes through binding arbitration (which is the referral of a Dispute to one or more persons charged with reviewing the Dispute and making a final and binding determination to resolve it instead of having the Dispute decided by a judge or jury in court).
19.2. No Class Arbitrations, Class Actions or Representative Actions
You and Company agree that any Dispute arising out of or related to these Terms or the Services is personal to you and Company and that such Dispute will be resolved solely through individual arbitration and will not be brought as a class arbitration, class action or any other type of representative proceeding. You and Company agree that there will be no class arbitration or arbitration in which an individual attempts to resolve a Dispute as a representative of another individual or group of individuals. Further, you and Company agree that a Dispute cannot be brought as a class or other type of representative action, whether within or outside of arbitration, or on behalf of any other individual or group of individuals.
19.3. Federal Arbitration Act
You and Company agree that these Terms affect interstate commerce and that the enforceability of this Section 19 shall be both substantively and procedurally governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. § 1 et seq. (the “FAA”), to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law.
19.4. Notice; Informal Dispute Resolution
You and Company agree that each party will notify the other party in writing of any arbitrable or small claims Dispute within thirty (30) days of the date it arises, so that the parties can attempt in good faith to resolve the Dispute informally.
Notice to Company shall be sent by certified mail or courier to iAnesthesia LLC., Attn: United States Corporation Agents, Inc, 14205 SE 36th Street Suite 100-288 Bellevue, WA 98006. Your notice must include (a) your name, postal address, telephone number, the email address you use or used for your Company account and, if different, an email address at which you can be contacted, (b) a description in reasonable detail of the nature or basis of the Dispute, and (c) the specific relief that you are seeking. Our notice to you will be sent electronically and will include (x) our name, postal address, telephone number and an email address at which we can be contacted with respect to the Dispute, (y) a description in reasonable detail of the nature or basis of the Dispute, and (z) the specific relief that we are seeking. If you and Company cannot agree how to resolve the Dispute within thirty (30) days after the date notice is received by the applicable party, then either you or Company may, as appropriate and in accordance with this Section 19, commence an arbitration proceeding or, to the extent specifically
19.5. Process
Except for Disputes arising out of or related to a violation of Section 11 or Disputes in which either party seeks to bring an individual action in small claims court or seeks injunctive or other equitable relief for the alleged unlawful use of intellectual property, including, without limitation, copyrights, trademarks, trade names, logos, trade secrets or patents, you and Company agree that any Dispute must be commenced or filed by you or Company within one (1) year of the date the Dispute arose, otherwise the underlying claim is permanently barred (which means that you and Company will no longer have the right to assert such claim regarding the Dispute). You and Company agree that (a) any arbitration will occur in King County, Washington, (b) arbitration will be conducted confidentially by a single arbitrator in accordance with the rules of the Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services (“JAMS”), which are hereby incorporated by reference, and (c) that the state or federal courts of the State of Washington and the United States, respectively, sitting in the King County, Washington, have exclusive jurisdiction over any appeals and the enforcement of an arbitration award. You may also litigate a Dispute in the small claims court located in the county of your billing address if the Dispute meets the requirements to be heard in small claims court.
19.6. Authority of Arbitrator
As limited by the FAA, these Terms and the applicable JAMS rules, the arbitrator will have (a) the exclusive authority and jurisdiction to make all procedural and substantive decisions regarding a Dispute, including the determination of whether a Dispute is arbitrable, and (b) the authority to grant any remedy that would otherwise be available in court; provided, however, that the arbitrator does not have the authority to conduct a class arbitration or a representative action, which is prohibited by these Terms. The arbitrator may only conduct an individual arbitration and may not consolidate more than one individual’s claims, preside over any type of class or representative proceeding or preside over any proceeding involving more than one individual.
19.7. Rules of JAMS
The rules of JAMS and additional information about JAMS are available on the JAMS website. By agreeing to be bound by these Terms, you either (a) acknowledge and agree that you have read and understand the rules of JAMS, or (b) waive your opportunity to read the rules of JAMS and any claim that the rules of JAMS are unfair or should not apply for any reason.
19.8. Severability
If any term, clause or provision of this Section 19 is held invalid or unenforceable, it will be so held to the minimum extent required by law, and all other terms, clauses and provisions of this Section 19 will remain valid and enforceable. Further, the waivers set forth in Section 19.2 are severable from the other provisions of these Terms and will remain valid and enforceable, except as prohibited by applicable law.
19.9. Opt-Out Right
You have the right to opt out of binding arbitration within thirty (30) days of the date you first accepted the terms of this Section 18 by writing to: iAnesthesia LLC., Attn: United States Corporation Agents, Inc, 14205 SE 36th Street Suite 100-288 Bellevue, WA 98006. In order to be effective, the opt out notice must include your full name and clearly indicate your intent to opt out of binding arbitration. By opting out of binding arbitration, you are agreeing to resolve Disputes in accordance with Section 20.
20. Governing Law; Forum
Any dispute between the parties regarding the subject matter of these Terms will be governed by these Terms and the laws of the State of Washington and applicable United States law, without giving effect to any conflict of laws principles that may provide for the application of the law of another jurisdiction. You and Company agree that any action at law or in equity arising out of or relating to any actual or threatened infringement, misappropriation or violation of a party’s copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, patents or other intellectual property, or relating to these Terms shall be filed only in the state and federal courts located in King County, Washington (except for small claims disputes, which may be filed in the jurisdiction in which you reside), and you hereby irrevocably and unconditionally consent and submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts over any suit, action or proceeding arising out of these Terms.
21. Termination
Company reserves the right, without advance notice and in its sole discretion, to terminate your license to use the Services, and to block or prevent your future access to and use of the Services.
22. Severability
If any provision of these Terms shall be deemed unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from these Terms and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.
23. Additional Terms
The content provided is not meant to be a substitute for professional advice and is not to be used for medical diagnosis and / or medical treatment. Medicine is an ever-changing science. As new research and clinical experience broaden out knowledge, changes in treatment and drug therapy are required. In view of the possibility of human error or changes in medical sciences, neither the author nor the developer warrant that the information contained in this software is in every respect accurate or complete, and they are not responsible for any errors or omissions or the results obtained from the use of such information. Extensive effort has been taken to make this software as accurate as possible. However, the accuracy and completeness of the information provided by this software cannot be guaranteed. This software is to be used as a guide only, and health care professionals should use clinical judgement and individualize therapy when in a patient care situation. The author the developer make no claims whatsoever, expressed or implied, about the authenticity, accuracy, reliability, completeness or timeliness of the material, calculations, software, text, graphics and links given
© 2008-2025  iAnesthesia LLC. All rights reserved.