Privacy Policy
Gliding Deer Ltd. D/B/A Gliding Deer (“Gliding Deer”, “we”, “our”) is committed to
maintaining the privacy of its users (“you”, “user”). The following information describes
how Gliding Deer collects and processes information about you when you use our Platform
and Website (as defined below).
Our Privacy Policy explains:
What information we collect and why we collect it.
How we use that information.
How we secure your information.
Your rights with regard to the collection of such information.
General
Gliding Deer develops various interactive games while each (“Platform”) combines hand-
drawn illustrations, animations, and immersive sound to provide its users with an audiovisual
experience and community features and enable users to play and interact via the Platform
(“Services”). The Platform is available through our Platform business partners (“Partners”)
such as Facebook, Google, Apple and Amazon, who enable you to log in via their services to
the Platform and by means of your already created profile. Gliding Deer’s website
(“Website”) is designed to provide essential information on the Platform and Services and to
enable users to contact Gliding Deer regarding the Services, apply for a job at Gliding Deer
and to log-in to use the Platform.
Device
Users can access the Platform and Website through various Devices. A “Device” is any
digital device used to access the Platform and Website, including without limitation a
desktop, laptop, mobile phone, tablet, or other consumer electronic device. This Privacy
Policy governs your access of the Platform and Website, regardless of how you access them,
and by using our Platform and Website you consent to the collection, transfer, processing,
storage, disclosure and other uses described in this Privacy Policy.
Collecting Information
When you use the Platform and Website, some information may be automatically collected,
and some is collected when you interact with our Platform and Website. Information from
which you can be personally identified may be collected, including but not limited to your
name, email address and the location of the Device through which you used the Platform and
Website (hereinafter: “
Personal Information
”).
The type of information that may be automatically collected is non-personal information,
which includes your session durations, the content you accessed on the Platform and Website,
information about your Device and your internet connection and the frequency and scope of
your use of the Platform and Website.
Gliding Deer shall only collect your Personal Information for the provision of the Platform
and Website, via the methods detailed below:
a. Registering your Platform Account; Log-In
When you wish to register to our Platform and use the Services, you will be required to
register and open a user account (“
Account
”) via one of our Partners’ services. The
Personal Information we will process for the provision of the Platform to you will include
your full name, email address, gender, IP Address and your Device advertising identifier
(IDFA).
Please note that registering or logging-in to your Account to use the Platform is possible
via our Partners’ Single Sign-On account (“
SSO
”). Signing in via the SSO will provide us
with access to information included in the respective Partner’s SSO services you chose to
utilize, and all in accordance with the specific Partner’s SSO account’s privacy settings.
b. Platform Profile:
As the Platform encourages interaction among its users, please note that your Account
profile information may be displayed to other users of the Platform. This information may
include your username, your photo (to help other users recognize you), your full name as
well as your birthday, gender and country in case you choose to share it with us
(“
Platform Profile Information
”).
c. Contact Us:
If you contact us for various reasons such as requesting a specific service, asking
questions or raising a complaint, we will collect your full name, email address and the
information related to your inquiry.
d. Applying for a job:
If you wish to apply for a job at Gliding Deer we will collect your full name, email
address, and any information you submitted included in your CV.
e. Subscribing to our Newsletter:
If you wish to register to our newsletter and be provided with information on the
Platform, Services and special promotions, we will collect your email address if you
choose to provide it, and will send you the required materials.
Use of Information
We use the Personal Information we collect from you for a range of different business
purposes according to different legal bases of processing. We may use or process your
Personal Information for the following purposes. One or more purposes may apply
simultaneously.
1. Providing the Requested Services
We collect your Personal Information such as your Account and Log in Information
to enable you to register to use the Platform.
We will collect your Platform Profile Information to enhance your engagement and
interaction with other users of the Platform with respect to your use of the Platform.
We will collect your full name, email address and the information related to your
inquiry, if you wish to contact us regarding the Platform, Services or Website.
We will collect your name, email address and information included in your CV if you
applied for a job at Gliding Deer.
Such collection of information will enable us to provide you with technical and
professional assistance, with regard to the Website, Platform and Services you are
provided with or wish to be provided with.
We process the Personal Information where it is necessary for the adequate performance of
the contract regarding the requested Services and provision of the Platform and Website, as
well as negotiation of a possible employment contract we may have with you.
2. Improvement and Development of the Services
We collect Personal Information to improve and develop our Services and understand
feedback on Gliding Deer’s Platform and Website to help provide more information
on the use of our Services quickly and easily.
We collect Personal Information for ongoing review and improvement of the
information provided on our Platform and Website to ensure it is user friendly.
We collect Personal Information to improve the management and administration of
our business and maintain our compliance with our internal policies and procedures.
We conduct surveys and research, test features in development, and analyze the
information we have to evaluate and improve our Platform and Services, develop new
features, and conduct audits and troubleshooting activities.
We process this information in light of our legitimate interest in improving the Platform and
Services to allow our users to have the best experience.
3. Maintain a Safe and Secure Environment
We may use your information to detect and prevent fraud, abuse and security incidents in the
following ways;
Verify and authenticate your identity and prevent unauthorized or illegal activity;
Enhance the safety and security of our Platform and Website;
Conduct security investigations and risk assessments;
We process this information in light of our legitimate interest in improving our Platform and
Websites by enabling our users to browse in a secure environment.
4. Personalize Content, Advertising and Marketing
If you have used Gliding Deer’s Services in the past, we have a legitimate business
interest for matching the data we collect with other data we had already collected.
This enables us to understand your needs and interests, optimize the content we send
you and make it more suitable and relevant to your needs.
This also enables us to improve your experience on the Platform and Website by
providing you with personalized content, recommendations, and features.
We process this information in light of our legitimate interest to personalize your experience
on the Platform and Website and customize our content.
Roles and Responsibilities
Please note that certain data protection laws and regulations, such as the GDPR typically
distinguish between two main roles for parties processing Personal Information: the “Data
Controller”, who determines the purposes and means of processing; and the “Data
Processor”, who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller. Please see the below
explanation where we elaborate how these roles that apply to our Services, to the extent that
such laws and regulations apply.
a. Gliding Deer is the “Data Controller” of its Website and Platform users.
With respect to such data, we assume the responsibilities of Data Controller
(solely to the extent applicable under law), as set forth in this Privacy Policy. In
such instances, our service providers processing such data will assume the role
of “Data Processor”.
b. With respect to the Platform and Services, our Partners are considered
“Joint Controllers” as we share joint purposes when providing you with the
Platform. We assure that data protection responsibilities are allocated between
us and our partners so your data will be highly protected.
Disclosure of Information and Transfer of Data
Except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy, we reasonably attempt to ensure that we
never intentionally disclose any of your Personal Information, to any third party without
having received your permission, except as provided for herein or otherwise as permitted or
required under law.
We may share your Personal Information with our Partners, affiliates, subsidiaries or any
third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Services or any portion thereof, such as
marketing, storage, data management or maintenance services. Personal Information of users
of our Platform including your Profile Personal Information and your progression may be
shared, when such sharing is inherent to the use of the Platform. We may also share your
Personal Information with third party payment processors who will process your payment
details in accordance with the highest data security standard. We may also share your
information with analytics service providers for analytics purposes. Such analytics service
providers set their own cookies or other identifiers on your Device, through which they can
collect information about your usage of our Platform and Website. This helps us compile
aggregated statistics about the effectiveness of our Platform, Website and Services.
We may also transfer your information, including Personal Information, in connection with a
corporate merger, consolidation, the sale of related assets or corporate division or other
fundamental corporate changes. Furthermore, information about you may also be released in
order to comply with any valid legal inquiry or process such as a search warrant, subpoena,
statute or court order. We will also release specific information in special cases, such as if you
use the Platform or Website to perform an unlawful act or omission or take any act or
omission that may damage Gliding Deer, its property and goodwill, or if there is an attempted
breach of the security of the Platform or Website or a physical or property threat to you or
others.
Your Rights
You have the right at any time to request to access or modify your information. To exercise
these options, please contact us at support@glidingdeer.com.
In some jurisdictions, in particular those located within the European Union (the "
EU
") or
within the European Economic Area (the "
EEA
"), you may be afforded specific rights
regarding your Personal Information. Subject to such eligibility, you may have the following
rights to:
1. Request a rectification of your Personal Information where the information we hold
about you is incorrect or incomplete.
2. Object to the processing of your Personal Information for direct marketing purposes.
3. Object to the processing of your Personal Information where our legal basis for that
processing is that such processing is necessary for our legitimate interests.
4. Object to an automated decision-making (including profiling) in certain
circumstances.
5. Request the erasure of your Personal Information in certain circumstances, such as
where processing is no longer necessary for the purpose it was originally collected
for, and there is no compelling reason for us to continue to process or store it;
6. Receive your Personal Information, or ask us to transfer it to another organization
that you have provided to us, which we process by automated means, where our
processing is either based on your consent or is necessary for the performance of a
contract with you.
If you wish to file a request regarding any of the above, you may contact us at:
support@glidingdeer.com.
If you wish to file a request regarding any of the above rights to one of our Partners, we will
contact them and make our best efforts to assist and facilitate your request.
If you wish to manage the information we receive about you from our Partners, a third-party
application or platform through which you can access and utilize our Platform, please follow
such Partner’s instructions for updating your information and changing your privacy settings.
California Online Privacy Protection Act
CalOPPA requires commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The
law's reach stretches well beyond California to require any person or company in the United
States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting personally identifiable
information from California consumers, to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website
stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals or companies with whom
it is being shared. See more at: http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-
act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf.
According to CalOPPA, Gliding Deer agrees to the following:
Once this Privacy Policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page or on
the first significant page after entering the Platform and Website.
Gliding Deer’s Privacy Policy link includes the word ‘Privacy’ and can easily be
found on each page on the Website and on the Platform.
You can request to change your Personal Information by emailing us at:
support@glidingdeer.com.
California Privacy Rights
The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) permits users who are California
residents to request to exercise certain rights. If you are a California resident, the CCPA
grants you the right to request certain information about our practices with respect to your
Personal Information. In particular, you can request to receive information on the following:
The categories and specific pieces of your Personal Information that we have
collected.
The categories of sources from which we collected your Personal Information.
The business or commercial purposes for which we collected your Personal
Information.
The categories of third parties with which we shared your Personal Information.
You can be rest assured that we do not sell your Personal Information. If you choose to
exercise your rights, we will not charge you different prices or provide different quality of our
Services, unless those differences are related to your provision of your Personal Information.
Please note that you must verify your identity and request before further action is taken. As a
part of this process, government identification may be required. Moreover, you may designate
an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf.
We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within 45 days of its receipt. If we
require more time (up to 90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in
writing. Any disclosures we provide, will only cover the 12 month period preceding your
verifiable request’s receipt. If, for some reason, we cannot reply within such time frame, our
response will include an explanation for our inability to comply. If you wish to exercise your
CCPA rights, please contact us at: support@glidingdeer.com.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless
permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
Deny you goods or services.
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting
discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
Provide you with a different level or quality of goods or services.
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a
different level or quality of goods or services.
CAN SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a Federal US law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes
requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from
being sent to them, and spells out strict penalties for violations.
To be in accordance with CANSPAM, Gliding Deer agrees to the following:
Not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.
Identify the commercial message sent to you as an advertisement when required.
Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.
Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
Honor opt out/unsubscribe requests quickly.
Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us at
support@glidingdeer.com and we will promptly remove you from all correspondence.
Cookies
We may use “cookies” and/or other technologies or files (collectively, “cookies”) to identify
how users make use of our Platform and Website. This aggregated tracking information may
be used to help us improve and enhance the Website and Platform’s experience for all of our
users. In addition, cookies are used for adjusting the Platform and Website to your personal
preferences. Cookies contain information such as the pages you visited, the length of time you
stayed on the Platform and Website, the location from which you accessed the Platform and
Website and more. If you would prefer not to have cookies stored on your Device, you may
modify your browser settings to reject most cookies, or manually remove cookies that have
been placed on your Device. However, by rejecting the cookies, you may be unable to fully
access the offerings on our Platform and Website. To find out more about cookies, visit
www.allaboutcookies.org.
Opt In or Opt Out
You are always in control of your data, and if you choose to receive information from us, or
others, you can change your mind later. If, at any time, you would like to stop receiving such
information or opt out of a feature, you may notify us by writing to
support@glidingdeer.com. You should be aware, however, that it is not always possible to
completely remove or modify information in our databases and servers, although we will
always make reasonable efforts to do so upon your request.
Links to Other Websites
The Website and the Platform may provide links to other websites or social networks. Please
be aware that these other websites and social networks are not covered by our Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy does not cover the information practices exercised by other providers of
products or services, advertisers or other websites, companies or individuals, which are not
owned or controlled by Gliding Deer. We suggest that when linking to another website or
social network, you always read that website’s or social network’s privacy policy before
volunteering any personally identifiable information.
Data Security
We deploy industry standard, or better measures to ensure the security, confidentiality,
integrity and availability of Personal Information we process. We maintain physical, technical
and administrative safeguards, and test and update these periodically. We endeavor to restrict

access to Personal Information on a ‘need to know’ basis for the provision of Platform and
Website to you. In the event of a security breach, we will take all reasonable action to
minimize any harm, including with regard to notifications. Although we will do our best to
protect Personal Information, we cannot guarantee the security of data transmitted to our
Platform and Website, and transmission is at the users own risk.
Data Retention
Generally, Gliding Deer does not retain information longer than necessary to provide its
Platform, Website and Services and for its reasonable business and lawful needs. If you
withdraw your consent to us processing your Personal Information, we will erase your
Personal Information from our systems, unless the Personal Information is required for
Gliding Deer to establish, exercise or defend against legal claims or it is necessary for the
performance of the requested services.
Children’s Privacy
Our Services are not intended for children under the age of 17. We do not, knowingly or
intentionally, collect information about children who are under 17 years of age.
IF YOU ARE UNDER THE AGE OF 17 YOU MAY NOT USE THE WEBSITE AND
PLATFORM, UNLESS PARENTAL CONSENT IS PROVIDED ACCORDINGLY
Questions Regarding Our Privacy Policy
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy or the practices described above, you
are always welcome to contact us at support@glidingdeer.com.
Revisions and Modifications to our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to revise, amend, or modify this Privacy Policy at any time. When
changing the policy, we will update this posting accordingly. Please review this Privacy
Policy often so that you will remain updated regarding our current policies.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
This Privacy Policy will be governed and interpreted pursuant to the laws of the State of
Israel without giving effect to its choice of law rules. You expressly agree that the exclusive
jurisdiction for any claim or action arising out of or relating to this Privacy Policy shall be to
the competent courts in Tel Aviv, Israel, to the exclusion of any other jurisdiction.
This page was updated on July 2022.