CVi Games Privacy Policy
We DO NOT collect any information directly from you, including:
We DO NOT collect informations about your name, date of birth, country;
We DO NOT collect your email address, telephone number or other data of any kind;
We DO NOT collect Demographic details;
When you participate in social features (such as Liking our Facebook page and commenting on it), the information that you disclose is public information. We may store and access it, and it may be read, copied, collected or used by other users without your consent.
​
We MAY collect any informations provided to us by Mobile Platforms (Apple AppStore and Google Play Store):
We may receive information from third parties, like Google Play Games or Game Center, when you use these services in connection with our products.
We use information from these companies primarily to help us improve our games and deliver updates according to your needs. If you play or purchase our games on your mobile device and/or tablet, we receive information about you from the app stores and other mobile platform providers. This information includes your username and/or device ID and the fact that you made a purchase, for instance, but does not include any sensitive or financial information. Some of our mobile platforms also may send information to us that you authorize them to provide. Our mobile products also may request additional personal information from you, such as push notification tokens, your precise location or contact list, and we will collect this information only if you give us your explicit consent.
​
How we use your informations:
We use your information, both individually and combined together, in the following ways:
To operate our business and personalize your game experience including to:
Operate, improve, and develop our games and services;
Populate online leaderboards and enable online matchmaking;
Help you find your friends or tell your friends about a CVi Games game or service;
Facilitate sharing on social networks;
Measure the health of our services;
Provide game experiences that you may like;
Set up loyalty programs;
Facilitate your gameplay on multiple devices when available;
Identify, fix, and troubleshoot bugs and service errors;
Provide software updates;
Activate or authenticate your games and save game progress and stats when available;
Adhere to your preferences and to deliver dynamic content; and
Help keep our services safe and fair, resolve disputes, investigate and help curb fraud and illegal behavior, comply with the law, and to enforce our agreements and policies.
To provide you support, including to:
Help identify and troubleshoot problems with your games;
Communicate with you and respond to your specific requests or questions; and
Manage and send you confirmations and important information about your products, purchases, subscriptions, and warranties.
​
I
nformation we share with third parties:
We do not share information that directly identifies you (such as your name, e-mail or postal address) with independent third parties without your consent, unless it is either required by law or we determine that disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce our rights, property or operations or to protect our players or third parties. We may share anonymous or aggregated information, or other data that does not directly identify you, with third parties, for instance your persona on leaderboards or to show trends about use of our products.
We do not knowingly disclose personal information about children under 18 years of age to independent third parties even with consent.
We do not control information sent from your browser to third parties, such as advertising networks and analytics companies that receive information in the normal course of your Internet activity. When third party technologies or social tools are integrated into our products, those third parties may collect information when you use our products. An example is the Facebook "Like" button.
​
Hold and protection of your Informations:
Information we collect may be stored and processed for the purposes set out in this Privacy and Policy in Italy.
​
Children:
Protecting children's privacy online is extremely important to CVi Games. As our online or mobile products and services are intended for general audiences, they do not knowingly collect directly any personal information from children.
​
Third Party Services:
Our websites and products may contain advertising or third party services (such as the Facebook Like button or links to third-party websites). If you click on those links, including an advertisement, you will leave the CVi Games product or websyte and go to the site you selected. If you visit a third party website or use a third party service, you should consult that site's or service's privacy policy.
​
Contact us:
If you have a complaint or question about this policy, you may contact us at
vincenzocos3@gmail
.com