Terms of Service – Play Vegas
Acceptance of Terms
The Terms of Service (“Terms”) you are reading are a legal agreement between Play Vegas(“we”) and yourself (“you”). By accessing or using any Play Vegas application or game (“Service”) you agree that you have read, understood, accept and agree to be bound by these Terms. If you do not agree to these Terms, do not use the Service.
Play Vegas reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to revise or modify these Terms at any time, and you agree to be bound by such revisions or modifications. Users are responsible for viewing these Terms periodically. Your continued use of the Service after a change or modification of these Terms has been made will constitute your acceptance of the revised Terms. If you do not agree to the Terms your only remedy is to discontinue your use of the Service and to cancel any accounts you have created using the Service.
If you violate the Terms, Play Vegas reserves the right to issue you a warning regarding the violation or immediately terminate or suspend any or all accounts you have created using the Service. You agree that we need not provide you notice before terminating or suspending your account(s), but it may provide such notice in its sole discretion.
You agree that Play Vegas may change any part of the Service, including its content, at any time or discontinue the Service or any part thereof, for any reason, without notice to you and without liability. You may refer to
https://www.facebook.com/PlayVegasSlot/
for any updates of Terms of Service.
Account information
During the process of creating an account to access the Service (”Account”), you may be required to select a password or to allow us to access your account information from a social network service (“Login Information”). The following rules govern the security of your Account and Login Information. For the purposes of these Terms, references to Account and Login Information shall include any account and account information, including user names, passwords or security questions, whether or not created for the purpose of using the Service, that are used to access the Service (for example, account information for a social network service account from which the Service is accessed):
You shall not share your Account or Login Information, nor let anyone else access your Account or do anything else that might jeopardize the security of your Account. You are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the Login Information, and you will be responsible for all uses of your Login Information, including purchases, whether or not authorized by you; 
You are responsible for anything that happens through your Account, whether or not such actions were taken by you. You, therefore, acknowledge that your Account may be terminated if someone else uses it to engage in any activity that violates the Terms of Service or is otherwise improper or illegal.
Play Vegas reserves the right to remove or reclaim any usernames at any time and for any reason, including but not limited to claims by a third party that a username violates the third party’s rights. You understand that your user ID number, name and profile picture will be publicly available and that search engines may index your name and profile photo. 
Any personal information you provide to us when creating or updating your account, which may include your name, birth date, e-mail address, and, in some cases, payment information, will be held and used in accordance with Play Vegas’s Service. You agree that you will supply accurate and complete information to us and that you will update that information promptly after it changes.
License
Subject to your agreement and compliance with these Terms, Play Vegas grants you a personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, revocable, limited scope license to use the Service. Use of the Service shall be solely for your own, private, non-commercial entertainment purposes and for no other purpose whatsoever. You hereby acknowledge that your license to use the Service is limited by these Terms, and, if you violate or if, at any point, you do not agree to any of these Terms, your license to use the Service shall immediately terminate, and you shall immediately refrain from using the Service. If the Service or any part thereof is determined to be illegal under the laws of the country in which you are situated, you shall not be granted any license to use the Service and must refrain from using the Service.
Account Termination- Dormant User Policy
Your account will be classified as “dormant” if it is inactive for a period of 6 months or more since your last login. To keep your account active, be sure to log in at least once per 6 months. If your login history shows no login activity for over 6 months, your account will be treated as “dormant”. You will not be able to access our game with your dormant account unless your account is reactivated. To reactivate your account, you may use the reactivation button on the in-game login page. Play Vegas may delete or terminate accounts that are "dormant" (i.e. not logged into for 6 months).
Account Termination- Suspected Violation of Terms
Play Vegas may refuse access to the Service or may terminate your account without notice for any reason, including, but not limited to, a suspected violation of these Terms, illegal or improper use of your account, or illegal or improper use of the Services, User Content (as defined below), products, or Play Vegas’s intellectual property as determined by Play Vegas in its sole discretion. You may lose your user name and persona, if applicable, as a result of account termination, without responsibility on the part of Play Vegas for any damage that may result from the foregoing.
In addition to the foregoing, Play Vegas may selectively remove, revoke or garnishee Benefits associated with your account. “Benefits” mean licensed rights granted, awarded, gifted, provided to and/or purchased by you to access and/or use online or off-line elements or features of the Service and/or products, and include but are not limited to paid and free downloadable content, virtual currency, digital and/or virtual assets, unlockable content, rights of use tied to unlock keys or codes, serial codes and/or online authentication of any kind, and in-game achievements. If your account, or a particular subscription for the Service associated with your account, is terminated, suspended and/or if any Benefits are selectively removed, revoked or garnished from your account, no refund will be granted, no Benefits will be credited to you or converted to cash or other forms of reimbursement, and you will have no further access to your account or Benefits associated with your account or the particular Service.
You acknowledge that Play Vegas is not required to provide you notice before suspending or terminating your account or selectively removing, revoking or garnisheeing Benefits associated with your account. In the event that Play Vegas terminates your account, you may not participate in any of the Services again without Play Vegas’s express permission. Play Vegas reserves the right to refuse to keep accounts for and provide access to the Service or other services to, any individual. You may not allow individuals whose accounts have been terminated by us to use your account. If you believe that any action has been taken against your account in error, please contact us at help@playvegasslot.com
User Content
You agree that any content published by you through the Service is done so through the use of technology and tools provided by Play Vegas. You agree that you are publishing such content willingly and you represent that you own such content, that you have all rights to publish said content and that your publishing of the content complies with all applicable laws. You understand and agree that you may not distribute, sell, transfer or license this content and/or application in any manner, in any country, or on any social network, or another medium without the explicit prior written permission of Play Vegas. Any text, graphics, photographs, files or other User Content uploaded by you shall be your sole responsibility and you hereby agree that you may be held liable for any User Content that you upload. Play Vegas shall not bear any responsibility for any of the abovementioned content.
Play Vegas may or may not regulate User Content and provides no representations or guarantees regarding the accuracy, quality, or integrity of any User Content posted via the Service. By using the service, you acknowledge and accept that you may be exposed to material you find offensive or objectionable. You agree that Play Vegas will not under any circumstances be responsible or liable for any User Content, including, but not limited to, errors in any User Content or any loss or damage incurred by use of the User Content or for any failure to or delay in removing User Content. Play Vegas reserves the right (but shall at no time be obligated) to, in its sole discretion, remove, block, edit, move, disable or permanently delete User Content from the Service with or without notice for any reason whatsoever. You hereby agree that, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Play Vegas shall at no time be responsible or held liable for the removal, modification or blocking of material or User Content that may be considered offensive and shall at no time be obligated to effect such removal other than under applicable law.
Communication Channels
The Service may provide communication channels such as forums, communities (“Communication Channels”) designed to enable you to communicate with other Service users. Play Vegas is under no obligation to monitor these communication channels but may do so, and reserves the right to review materials posted to the Communication Channels and to remove any materials, at any time, with or without notice for any reason, at its sole discretion. Play Vegas may also terminate or suspend your access to any Communication Channels at any time, without notice, for any reason. You acknowledge that chats, postings, or materials posted by users on the Communication Channels are neither endorsed nor controlled by Play Vegas, and these communications should not be considered reviewed or approved by Play Vegas. You will be solely responsible for your activities within the Communication Channels and under no circumstances will Play Vegas be liable for any activity within the Communication Channels.
You agree that all your communications within the Communication Channels are public, and you have no expectation of privacy regarding your use of the Communication Channels. Play Vegas is not responsible for information that you choose to share on the Communication Channels, or for the actions of other users.
Virtual Currencies/Goods
The Service may include an opportunity to purchase virtual, in-game currency (“Virtual Currency”) that may require you to pay a fee using “real money” to obtain the Virtual Currency. Virtual Currency can never be redeemed for real money, goods, or any other item of monetary value from Play Vegas or any other party. You understand that you have no right or title in the virtual in-game items or Virtual Currency.
Your purchase of Virtual Currency is final and is not refundable, exchangeable, transferable, except in Play Vegas’s sole discretion. You may not purchase, sell, or exchange Virtual Currency outside the Service. Doing so is a violation of the Terms and may result in termination of your account with the Service and/or legal action.
Play Vegas retains the right to modify, manage, control and/or eliminate Virtual Currency at its sole discretion. Prices and availability of virtual in-game goods are subject to change without notice.
Rules of Conduct and Usage
You represent and warrant that you have full right and authority to use the Services and to be bound by these Terms. You agree that you will comply fully with all applicable laws, regulations, statutes, ordinances, and the Terms herein. You undertake that you shall not defraud, or attempt to defraud, Play Vegas or other users and that you shall not act in bad faith in your use of the Service. If Play Vegas determines that you do act in bad faith in violation of these Terms, or if Play Vegas determines that your actions fall outside of reasonable community standards, Play Vegas may, at its sole discretion, terminate your account and prohibit you from using the Service. You agree that your use of the Service shall be lawful and that you will comply with the usage rules. In furtherance of the foregoing, and as an example and not as a limitation, you agree that you shall not upload, post, transmit or otherwise disseminate material that is vulgar, indecent, obscene, pornographic, sexual or that is, in a reasonable person’s view, otherwise offensive or objectionable; Libel, ridicule, defame, mock, stalk, intimidate, threaten, harass, or abuse anyone, hatefully, racially, ethnically or in any other manner; upload or transmit (or attempt to upload or transmit) files that contain viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, cancelbots, corrupted files or data, or any other similar software or programs that may damage the operation of the Service or the computers of other users of the Service; Advertise, solicit or transmit any commercial advertisements, including chain letters, junk e-mail or repetitive messages (spim or spam) to anyone; Violate the contractual, personal, intellectual property or other rights of any party including by using, uploading, transmitting, distributing, or otherwise making available any information or material made available through the Service in any manner that infringes any copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, or other right of any party (including rights of privacy or publicity); Attempt to obtain passwords or other private information from other members including personally identifiable information (whether in text, image or video form), identification documents, or financial information; Upload or transmit (or attempt to upload or to transmit), without Play Vegas’s express permission, any material that acts as a passive or active information collection or transmission mechanism, including, without limitation, clear graphics interchange formats (“gifs”), 1×1 pixels, web bugs, cookies or other similar devices (sometimes referred to as “spyware,” “passive collection mechanisms” or “PCM”) Improperly use support channels or complaint buttons to make false reports to Play Vegas; Develop, distribute, use, or publicly inform other members of “auto” software programs, “macro” software programs or other “cheat utility” software programs or applications; Exploit, distribute or publicly inform other members of any game error, miscue or bug which gives an unintended advantage; Deal with chips in a manner that violates these Terms, including transferring chips to other individuals, parties, or entities, selling or re-selling Virtual Currency or virtual goods or fraudulently obtaining or acquiring Virtual Currency or other products or services; Rent, lease, sell, trade, gift, bequeath or otherwise transfer your account to anyone without Play Vegas’s written permission; Access or use an account which has been rented, leased, sold, traded, gifted, bequeathed, or otherwise transferred from the account creator without Play Vegas’s written permission; Engage in any fraudulent activity with respect to payment methods or advertiser tracking mechanisms; Violate any applicable laws or regulations, or encourage or promote any illegal activity including, but not limited to, copyright infringement, trademark infringement, defamation, invasion of privacy, identity theft, hacking, cracking or distribution of counterfeit software, or cheats or hacks for the Service; Attempt to use the Service on or through any service that is not authorized by Play Vegas. Any such use is at your own risk and may subject you to additional or different terms. Play Vegas takes no responsibility for your use of the Service through any service that is not authorized by it; Post or communicate any person’s real-world personal information using the Service; Attempt to interfere with, hack into or decipher any transmissions to or from the servers for the Service; or Interfere with the ability of others to enjoy using the Service, including disrupt, overburden or aid the disruption or overburdening of the Service servers, or take actions that interfere with or materially increase the cost to provide the Service for the enjoyment of all its users.
Disclaimer of Warranty; Limitation of Liability
You agree that your use of the Service shall be at your sole risk. To the fullest extent permitted by law, Play Vegas, its officers, directors, employees, and agents disclaim all warranties, explicit or implied, in connection with the Service and your use thereof including implied warranties of merchantability, title, fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement, usefulness, authority, accuracy, completeness, and timeliness. Play Vegas makes no warranties or representations about the accuracy or completeness of the content of the Service of the content of any sites linked to the Service and assumes no liability or responsibility for any: 
(i) Errors, mistakes, or inaccuracies of content; 
(ii) Personal injury or property damage, of any nature whatsoever, resulting from your access to and use of the Service; 
(iii) Any unauthorized access to or use of Play Vegas’s secure servers and/or any and all personal information and/or financial information stored therein; 
(iv) Any interruption or cessation of transmission to or from the Service; 
(v) Any bugs, viruses, Trojan horses, or the like which may be transmitted to or through the Service by any third party; or 
(vi) Any errors or omissions in any content or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any content posted, emailed, transmitted, or otherwise made available via the Service. 
In no event will Play Vegas, its directors, officers, agents, contractors, partners and employees, be liable to you or any third person for any special, direct, indirect, incidental, special, punitive, or consequential damages whatsoever including any lost profits or lost data arising from your use of the Service or other materials on, accessed through or downloaded from the Service, whether based on warranty, contract, tort, or any other legal theory, and whether or not Play Vegas has been advised of the possibility of these damages. The foregoing limitation of liability shall apply to the fullest extent permitted by law in the applicable jurisdiction. You specifically acknowledge that Play Vegas shall not be liable for user submissions or defamatory, offensive, or illegal conduct by any third party and that the risk of harm or damage from the foregoing rests entirely with you. You agree to indemnify and hold Play Vegas, and each of its directors, officers, agents, contractors, partners, and employees, harmless from and against any loss, liability, claim, demand, damages, costs, and expenses, including reasonable attorney’s fees, arising out of or in connection with 
(i) Your use of and access to the Service; 
(ii) Your violation of any term of these Terms; 
(iii) Your violation of any third-party right, including without limitation any copyright, property, or privacy right; 
(iv) Any claim that a user submission made by you has caused damage to a third party; or 
(v) Any User Content you post or share on or through the Service.
Play Vegas reserves the right to amend these Terms of Service at any time and without notice, and it is your responsibility to review these Terms of Service for any changes. Your use of the Service following any amendment of these Terms of Service will signify your assent to and acceptance of its revised terms.