Andrey Solovyev's Molecular Games
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy applies to all applications of Andrey Solovyev on mobile devices, personal computers or on other platforms as well as to any related Andrey Solovyev’s websites including asmolgam.com.
By downloading or using our applications or interacting with our websites, you agree to the collection and use of your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you do not wish us to collect and use your data in the way described in this Privacy Policy, you should stop using our applications and websites.
What Information We Collect
If you contact us, we may collect and process the information that you freely provide to us. This information includes the content of your e-mails, messages and comments, responses to messages that we send to you, your interactions with us on social media websites and third party platforms. The collected information may include your e-mail addresses, user names or other personal information if you decided to provide it when you contacted us.
We use analytics tools, which may include third party analytics tools, to collect information about how you use our applications and those tools may use cookies or other similar tracking technologies. You can disable cookies through your web or phone browser settings.
We use the Firebase analytics in our applications. Please refer to:
https://marketingplatform.google.com/about/analytics/terms/us/
.
We use AdSense (AdMob) advertising service in our applications. Please refer also to
https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/partner-sites/
for additional information.
How We Use Collected Information
We use the information we collect about you for providing our applications and other services to you, optimizing our applications and your user experience, storing your progress through our applications, providing customer service support, contacting you as part of customer service or to send you updates about our applications and services.
We may also use your information for research, analysis, business planning, tracking potential problems or trends with our applications, testing out new application features and content.
Third Party Advertisers
We show third party advertisements in our applications. Our advertising partners may collect information about you when you use our applications and use this information for the targeted advertising. Advertisers on mobile devices may use advertising identifiers, such as Apple’s ID for advertising (IDFA) or the Android advertising ID, to enable and optimize their advertising. Advertising identifiers are non-permanent, non-personal device identifiers. You can reset these identifiers or indicate your preference that they should not be used for advertising purposes by changing the settings of your device.
Our applications and websites may contain links to third party websites, services, and/or applications (including advertising that may link to a third party). We are not responsible for the privacy practices, safety, and the content of these websites, services, and/or applications.
Privacy Policy Updates
We may occasionally update this Privacy Policy. This version of the Privacy Policy was last updated on 20 January 2025.
Contact
If you have questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us via e-mail at asmolgam@gmail.com.
Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Like
Loading...
Apple, the Apple logo, iPad, iPhone, and iPod
touch are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered
in the U.S. and other countries. App Store is a
service mark of Apple Inc.
Android and Google Play are trademarks of Google Inc.
Andrey Solovyev's Molecular Games
· Asmolgam
Blog at WordPress.com.
Subscribe
Subscribed
Andrey Solovyev's Molecular Games
Join 49 other subscribers
Sign me up
Already have a WordPress.com account?
Log in now.
Privacy
Andrey Solovyev's Molecular Games
Subscribe
Subscribed
Sign up
Log in
Copy shortlink
Report this content
View post in Reader
Manage subscriptions
Collapse this bar
%d