Informacje ogólne
Activerse.app Spółka z ograniczoną odpowiedzialnością gwarantuje bezpieczeństwo danych, w tym danych osobowych, użytkowników odwiedzających stronę internetową dietaoxy.pl. Zamieszczone poniżej informacje gwarantują zachowanie poufności danych osobowych oraz ich właściwe wykorzystanie.
W celu zwiększenia przystępności Polityki Prywatności i Cookies termin „Użytkownik” zastąpiony został określeniem „Ty”, a „Administrator” – „My”. Ponadto wprowadziliśmy śródtytuły, które ułatwią Ci wyszukanie interesujących Cię informacji.
Niniejsza Polityka Prywatności i Cookies obejmuje w szczególności należącą do spółki Activerse.app Spółka z ograniczoną odpowiedzialnością stronę internetową dietaoxy.pl oraz wszystkie inne strony internetowe, których jesteśmy właścicielem (dalej "Witryna" lub „Witryny”).
Administrator Danych Osobowych
Activerse.app Spółka z ograniczoną odpowiedzialnością z siedzibą w Poznaniu pod adresem ul. Głogowska 31/33, 60-702 Poznań wpisana do rejestru przedsiębiorców Krajowego Rejestru Sądowego prowadzonego przez Sąd Rejonowy Poznań- Nowe Miasto i Wilda w Poznaniu, Wydział VIII Gospodarczy Krajowego Rejestru Sądowego pod numerem KRS 0000679107, NIP 7792414027, REGON 302447233 jest administratorem Twoich danych osobowych.
Kontakt z nami jest możliwy również pod adresem kontakt@dietaoxy.pl
Inspektor Ochrony Danych
W celu zwiększenia bezpieczeństwa Twoich danych osobowych powołaliśmy Inspektora Ochrony Danych w osobie Pana Tomasza Gałczyńskiego, z którym kontakt jest możliwy mailowo pod adresem dpo@activerse.app lub telefonicznie pod numerem +48 533 411 806 lub +48 795 660 190.Podanie danych osobowych jest dobrowolne, jednak jeżeli chcesz korzystać z naszych usług, jest ono niezbędne do zawarcia i realizacji Umowy. Jeżeli wymagają tego przepisy prawa, możemy wymagać od Ciebie podania innych danych niezbędnych np. ze względów rachunkowych lub podatkowych. Poza tymi przypadkami podanie danych jest dobrowolne.
Gromadzimy informacje o Tobie z różnych źródeł:
Dane osobowe, które zbieramy
Podanie danych osobowych jest dobrowolne, jednak jeżeli chcesz korzystać z naszych usług jest ono niezbędne do zawarcia i realizacji Umowy. Jeżeli wymagają tego przepisy prawa, możemy wymagać od Ciebie podania innych danych niezbędnych np. ze względów rachunkowych lub podatkowych. Poza tymi przypadkami podanie danych jest dobrowolne.
Gromadzimy informacje o Tobie z różnych źródeł:
Informacje, które nam dostarczasz
Wymagamy od Ciebie podania następujących danych osobowych, aby móc zawrzeć i należycie wykonać zawartą z Tobą umowę:
a) adres e-mail 
b) imię 
c) nazwisko 
d) płeć 
e) masa ciała 
f) wzrost 
g) data urodzenia 
h) cel diety (redukcja masa ciała / utrzymanie obecnej masy ciała / zwiększenie masy ciała) i) docelowa masa ciała j) aktywność fizyczna (sporadyczna / ćwiczenia X razy w tygodniu) k) adres dostawy (tylko w przypadku zamówienia towaru) l) numer telefonu (tylko w przypadku zamówienia towaru)
W przypadku korzystania z newslettera (nasz prawnie uzasadniony interes polegający na przesyłaniu Tobie naszego newslettera (art. 6 ust. 1 lit. f) RODO):
a) adres e-mail 
b) imię (nie zawsze)
Jeśli z jakiegoś powodu nie podasz tych danych osobowych, nie będziemy mogli zawrzeć z Tobą umowy, a Ty nie będziesz mógł skorzystać z naszych usług. Jeżeli wymagają tego przepisy prawa, może wymagać od Ciebie podania innych danych niezbędnych np. ze względów rachunkowych lub podatkowych. Poza tymi przypadkami podanie danych jest dobrowolne.
Oprócz informacji niezbędnych do zawarcia i realizacji ewentualnej umowy dostarczasz nam również:
a) Informacje pochodzące z korespondencji: Udostępnisz niektóre dane osobowe, jeżeli będziesz się z nami kontaktować za pośrednictwem poczty elektronicznej, a także używając formularzy kontaktowych udostępnionych na Witrynie lub kontaktując się z nami za pośrednictwem tradycyjnej poczty, faksu lub innych środków poza sieciowych.
b) Informacje pochodzące z ankiet: jeżeli uczestniczysz w jakichkolwiek ankietach, udostępniasz niektóre dane osobowe jako część swojej odpowiedzi, chyba że odpowiadasz anonimowo.
c) Informacje, które udostępniasz w swoich postach: Możesz udostępniać dane osobowe, gdy umieszczasz na Witrynie komentarze, lub uczestniczysz w ogólnej dyskusji.
Informacje, jakie zbieramy automatycznie
Niektóre informacje gromadzimy automatycznie w wyniku tego, że używasz Witryny, jak opisano to w sekcji poświęconej Cookies. Informacje te zawierają między innymi:
a) adres protokołu internetowego (IP) urządzenia, z którego uzyskujesz dostęp do Platformy (czasami można go wykorzystać do uzyskania informacji o kraju lub mieście, w którym korzystasz z platformy),
b) adres strony odwiedzanej bezpośrednio przed odwiedzeniem strony internetowej,
c) konkretne działania podejmowane w Witrynie, w tym odwiedzane strony, przesyłanie strumieniowe, łączenie z kontem na Facebooku lub Google+, umieszczanie komentarza lub przeprowadzanie wyszukiwania,
d) wszelkie wyszukiwane hasła, które mogłeś wprowadzić na Witrynie,
e) czas, częstotliwość i długość twoich wizyt na Witrynie,
f) rodzaj twojej wyszukiwarki i systemu operacyjnego,
g) rodzaj urządzenia, z którego uzyskujesz dostęp do Witryny, na przykład – czy masz dostęp do Witryny z komputera osobistego, czy też z urządzenia mobilnego i identyfikatora urządzenia (ID),
h) informacje zebrane za pośrednictwem ciasteczek i podobnych technologii, jak opisano to sekcji poświęconej Cookies,
i) informacje dotyczące interakcji z wiadomościami e-mail, na przykład - czy je otwierasz, klikasz na nie lub przekazujesz wiadomości mailowe.
Jak wykorzystujemy Twoje dane
Twoje dane osobowe będą przetwarzane w następujących celach:
a)
Udostępniania Ci naszych Usług
do korzystania przez Ciebie, podstawą prawną tego przetwarzania jest to, że jest ono niezbędne do zawarcia przez Nas z Tobą umowy i jej wykonania.
b)
Zarządzania i usprawniania naszej działalności,
przez co rozumiemy w szczególności zarządzanie i usprawnianie Witryny, ulepszanie naszej oferty, wykrywanie nadużyć finansowych i innych oraz zapobieganie im podstawą prawną tego przetwarzania będzie nasz prawnie uzasadniony interes.
c)
Personalizowania udostępnianych treści,
przez co rozumiemy personalizowanie udostępnianych Tobie treści konieczne jest przetwarzanie przez nas informacji na temat Twoich preferencji. W tym celu będziemy przetwarzać Twoje dane zebrane z plików cookies oraz narzędzi śledzących, o których więcej przeczytasz tutaj.
Korzystamy z narzędzi udostępnianych przez zewnętrznych dostawców, które pozwalają docierać do Ciebie ze spersonalizowanymi informacjami. W tym celu korzystamy, m.in. z funkcjonalności dostarczanej przez Meta Platforms Ireland Limited o nazwie grupy niestandardowych odbiorców. Narzędzie to pozwala nam docierać do Ciebie z reklamami naszych usług podczas gdy korzystasz Facebooka lub Instagramu. W tym celu przekazujemy do dostawcy tych serwisów Twój adres e-mail w formie zahaszowanej.
W celu wyświetlania Tobie powiadomień push korzystamy z narzędzia Firebase, którego dostawcą jest Google, LLC. z siedzibą w USA., a także Braze, którego dostawcą jest Braze, Inc. także z siedzibą w USA.
Powiadomienia push możesz wyłączyć w ramach ustawień swojego Konta bezpośrednio w aplikacji OXY.
Możesz ograniczyć zakres przekazywanych danych do dostawców narzędzi, o których mowa powyżej. W tym celu możesz między innymi: zarządzać ustawieniami plików cookies w swojej przeglądarce internetowej, zainstalować wtyczki blokujące lub ograniczające korzystanie z tego typu narzędzi, a także włączyć tryb incognito w przeglądarce internetowej.
d)
Kontaktowania się oraz interakcji z Tobą,
przez co rozumiemy odpowiedzi na adresowane do nas zapytania, komentarze itd. W tym wypadku w zależności od konkretnej sytuacji podstawą prawną przetwarzania danych może być Twoja zgoda lub nasz prawnie uzasadniony interes.
e)
Rozwiązywania sporów, rozpatrywania skarg lub roszczeń,
przez co rozumiemy rozpatrywanie reklamacji, roszczeń prawnych lub sporów z udziałem Ciebie lub nas – w tym wypadku w zależności od konkretnej sytuacji podstawą prawną przetwarzania danych może być Twoja zgoda lub nasz prawnie uzasadniony interes.
f)
Realizacji obowiązków jakie nakładają na nas przepisy prawa
, np. przepisy prawa podatkowego – w tym wypadku podstawą prawną przetwarzania danych będzie to, że przetwarzanie jest niezbędne do wypełnienia obowiązku prawnego, który na nas ciąży.
Szczegółowe informacje o przetwarzaniu danych zdrowotnych i fitness
Jeśli wyrazisz wyraźną zgodę na swoim urządzeniu, możemy otrzymywać (czytać) lub/i zapisywać (udostępniać) dane dotyczące Twojej aktywności z/do aplikacji Google Fit/ Apple Health. W usłudze możesz zdecydować, aby pozwolić nam na odczyt (otrzymywanie) twoich danych osobowych.
Jeśli udzielisz nam dostępu do aplikacji Google Fit / Apple Health, przekażemy do nich informacje o Twoich treningach, wadze, przyjmowanej energii z pożywienia (spożycie kalorii zgodnie z informacjami o tym, jak przestrzegasz planu posiłków). Zanim zdecydujesz się udostępnić swoje dane z naszej aplikacji usługom Google Fit / Apple Health, zachęcamy do zapoznania się z jej polityką prywatności, ponieważ Twoje dane będą podlegać tym zasadom. Aby uzyskać więcej informacji o Google Fit / Apple Health, odwiedź
https://www.google.com/fit/
lub
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/data/en/health-app/
.
Możesz w każdej chwili wycofać nasz dostęp do odczytu/zapisu danych z aplikacji Google Fit / Apple Health bezpośrednio w tych usługach.
Wykorzystanie informacji otrzymanych z aplikacji Google Fit / Apple Health jest zgodne z zasadami Google Fit / Apple Health dotyczącymi polityki prywatności oraz z wymogami dotyczącymi ograniczonego użytkowania. Nie używamy informacji uzyskanych przez aplikacje Google Fit / Apple Health do celów reklamowych lub podobnych usług. Nigdy nie udostępniamy również podmiotom trzecim informacji z nich uzyskanych.
Udostępnianie Twoich Danych
Twoje dane osobowe możemy i najpewniej będziemy udostępniać:
a) osobom, które współpracują z nami na podstawie umów cywilnoprawnych,
b) dostawcom usług kurierskich i pocztowych,
c) dostawcom usług płatności elektronicznych,
d) dostawcom zapewniającym nam infrastrukturę informatyczną i sieciową,
e) dostawcom technologii wykorzystywanych przez Witrynę,
f) dostawcom usług księgowych,
g) innym podmiotom, o ile będzie to niezbędne do realizacji celów przetwarzania danych.
Twoje dane możemy udostępniać  również w następujących okolicznościach:
a) jeżeli prawo lub władza publiczna określa, że musimy udostępniać dane osobowe lub dla celów wymiaru sprawiedliwości,
b) jeżeli musimy udostępniać dane osobowe w celu ustalenia, wykonywania lub obrony naszych praw (obejmuje to udostępnianie danych osobowych innym osobom w celu zapobiegania oszustwom),
c) w przypadku restrukturyzacji, sprzedaży lub przeniesienia własności przedsiębiorstwa (lub jego części) np. w związku z przejęciem lub fuzją.
Każdorazowo udostępniany będzie możliwie jak najmniejszy zakres Twoich danych, który pozwoli na realizację celu przetwarzania danych i realizację ciążących na nas obowiązków.
Za każdym razem, gdy powierzamy lub udostępniamy Twoje dane odbiorcom, upewniamy się, że dysponujemy do tego odpowiednią podstawą prawną. W przypadku podmiotów przetwarzających Twoje dane w naszym imieniu, zawarte zostały umowy powierzenia przetwarzania danych. W odniesieniu do odrębnych administratorów, którym udostępniamy Twoje dane osobowe, zawsze weryfikujemy, czy dysponujemy odpowiednią podstawą udostępnienia danych.
Weryfikujemy także, czy odbiorcy Twoich danych osobowych są wiarygodni, a także czy gwarantują poziom zabezpieczeń, który zapewni, że przetwarzanie Twoich danych będzie spełniało wymogi RODO i chroniło Twoje prawa.
Nie udostępniamy żadnych danych osobowych zewnętrznym modelom AI.
Twoje prawa
Posiadasz prawo do:
a) dostępu do treści swoich danych osobowych,
b) prawo ich sprostowania, 
c) usunięcia, 
d) ograniczenia przetwarzania, 
e) przenoszenia danych,
f) cofnięcia zgody (o ile przetwarzanie następuje na jej podstawie) w dowolnym momencie bez wpływu na zgodność z prawem przetwarzania, którego dokonano na podstawie zgody przed jej cofnięciem.
Posiadasz również prawo w dowolnym momencie wnieść
sprzeciw
– z przyczyn związanych Twoją szczególną sytuacją – wobec przetwarzania dotyczącego Twoich danych osobowych opartego w naszym prawnie uzasadnionym interesie, w tym profilowania.  W razie wniesienia przez Ciebie sprzeciwu nie wolno będzie nam już przetwarzać tych danych osobowych, chyba że będziemy w stanie wykazać istnienie ważnych prawnie uzasadnionych podstaw do przetwarzania, nadrzędnych wobec Twoich interesów, praw i wolności, lub będziemy w stanie wykazać podstawy do ustalenia, dochodzenia lub obrony roszczeń.
Jeżeli Twoje dane osobowe są przetwarzane na potrzeby marketingu bezpośredniego, masz prawo w dowolnym momencie wnieść sprzeciw wobec przetwarzania dotyczącego Twoich danych osobowych na potrzeby takiego marketingu, w tym profilowania, w zakresie, w jakim przetwarzanie jest związane z takim marketingiem bezpośrednim. Jeżeli wniesiesz sprzeciw wobec przetwarzania do celów marketingu bezpośredniego, danych osobowych nie wolno już nam przetwarzać do takich celów.
W celu realizacji swoich praw skontaktuj się z Inspektorem Ochrony Danych.
Masz prawo do wniesienia skargi do organu nadzorczego, w szczególności w państwie członkowskim swojego zwykłego pobytu, swojego miejsca pracy lub miejsca popełnienia domniemanego naruszenia, jeżeli sądzisz, że przetwarzanie danych osobowych Ciebie dotyczących narusza przepisy prawa. Lista organów nadzorczych dostępna jest pod
linkiem
.
Międzynarodowe Transfery Danych
Dane osobowe mogą być przekazywane i przechowywane w miejscu przeznaczenia znajdującym się poza Europejskim Obszarem Gospodarczym ("EOG"). Mogą być również przetwarzane przez podmioty działające poza EOG, które pracują dla Administratora lub dla jednego z jego podwykonawców. W takim przypadku Administrator zapewnia respektowanie prawa do prywatności.
W takich przypadkach transfer do państwa trzeciego lub organizacji międzynarodowej w zależności od okoliczności danego przypadku będzie odbywał się na zasadach określonych w art. 44 – 49 RODO tj. w szczególności na podstawie odpowiedniej decyzji Komisji Europejskiej stwierdzającej należyty stopień ochrony danych w państwie trzecim, wiążących reguł korporacyjnych lub standardowych klauzul ochrony danych przyjętych przez Komisję Europejską.
W celu uzyskania kopii danych osobowych przekazywanych do państwa trzeciego należy skontaktować się z Administratorem.
Okres przechowywania danych
Jeżeli Twoje dane osobowe przetwarzamy w związku z realizacją łączącej nas umowy, to przechowujemy je przez okres obowiązywania umowy jednak nie krócej niż do momentu przedawnienia ewentualnych roszczeń które mogą z niej wyniknąć.
Jeżeli Twoje dane osobowe przetwarzamy w związku z naszym prawnie uzasadnionym interesem, to przechowujemy je do momentu wygaśnięcia takiego prawnie uzasadnionego interesu, wygaśnięcia plików cookies, lub do momentu wniesienia przez Ciebie sprzeciwu wobec takiego ich przetwarzania (zapoznaj się z informacją dotyczącą prawa sprzeciwu).
Jeżeli Twoje dane osobowe przetwarzamy w związku z ciążącymi na nas obowiązkami prawnymi, to przechowujemy je przez okres czasu wynikający z przepisów dotyczących obowiązku prawnego, w związku z którym dochodzi do ich przetwarzania.
Dane osobowe przetwarzane na podstawie Twojej zgody będą przechowywane przez okres trzech 3 lat od jej udzielenia albo do momentu cofnięcia zgody, w zależności od tego, które z tych zdarzeń nastąpi wcześniej.
Jeżeli Twoje dane osobowe są przetwarzane na więcej niż jednej podstawie (realizacja umowy, nasz uzasadniony interes, obowiązek prawny lub Twoja zgoda), to zaprzestaniemy ich dalszego przechowywania z chwilą kiedy żadna z tych podstaw nie będzie dalej obowiązywać.
Małoletni
Witryny nie są przeznaczona dla dzieci. Osoby poniżej 18 roku życia nie mogą korzystać z Witryn. Nie gromadzimy intencjonalnie żadnych danych osobowych osób, które nie ukończyły 18 roku życia, ani nie zezwalamy im na korzystanie z Witryn. Jeżeli zauważymy, że gromadzimy dane osobowe osoby w wieku poniżej 18 lat, usuniemy je niezwłocznie. Jeśli masz powody, aby sądzić, że mogliśmy zgromadzić takie dane osobowe, prosimy o natychmiastowy kontakt bezpośrednio z Inspektorem Ochrony Danych.
Ciasteczka - Cookies
Aby ułatwić korzystanie z naszej witryny, używamy „plików cookie”. Cookies to małe pliki tekstowe, które serwis internetowy umieszcza na dysku użytkownika lub w jego przeglądarce. Ciasteczko zazwyczaj zawiera nazwę strony internetowej, z której pochodzi, „długość życia” ciasteczka (to znaczy czas jego istnienia), oraz przypadkowo wygenerowany unikalny numer służący do identyfikacji przeglądarki, z jakiej następuje połączenie ze stroną internetową.
Do czego używamy ciasteczek?
Ciasteczek używamyz aby:
a) zapewnić Ci dostęp do usług jakich poszukujesz na naszych Witrynach,
b) udoskonalać nasze Witryny i usługi,
c) zapewnić bezpieczeństwo na naszych Witrynach,
d) lepiej przedstawiać nasze usługi w celach marketingowych, korzystając z anonimowych i pseudonimizowanych danych,
e) oraz jeżeli wyraziłeś na to dodatkową zgodę, w celu personalizowania dla Ciebie oferty i treści Witryn w szczególności poprzez remarketing.
W zależności od kryterium cookies można podzielić na różne rodzaje.
Ze względu na czas,
przez jaki cookies są umieszczone w Twoim urządzeniu końcowym, wyróżniamy następujące rodzaje plików cookies:
a)
sesyjne
– przechowywane są na Twoim telekomunikacyjnym urządzeniu końcowym tj. np. telefonie, laptopie, czy tablecie, jednak tylko do czasu przebywania na naszej Witrynie, wyłączenia przeglądarki lub momentu wylogowania ze strony,
b)
stałe
– przechowywane są na Twoim telekomunikacyjnym urządzeniu końcowym tj. np. telefonie, laptopie, czy tablecie, jednak przez określony czas lub do momentu usunięcia ich przez Ciebie.
Ze względu na pochodzenie
można wyróżnić następujące rodzaje ciasteczek:
Cookies własne (first party cookies)
- cookies umieszczane bezpośrednio przez nas kiedy odwiedzasz Witryny
Cookies zewnętrzne (third-party cookies)
Korzystając z naszych Witryn możesz otrzymywać ciasteczka pochodzące od współpracujących z nami podmiotów, które świadczą na naszą rzecz usługi.
Ze względu na niezbędność
do realizacji usługi wyróżniamy cookies:
Niezbędne
- są absolutnie niezbędne do prawidłowego funkcjonowania witryny lub funkcjonalności z których chcesz skorzystać.
Funkcjonalne
- pozwalają nam na analizę, w jaki sposób korzystasz z Witryny, np. w jakie linki klikasz i z jakich ustawień przeglądarki korzystasz,
Reklamowe/biznesowe
- pozwalają nam lepiej oceniać efektywność naszych działań reklamowych i marketingowych. Te ciasteczka pochodzą od naszych partnerów, z których usług korzystamy w celu  analizowania i śledzenia odwiedzin Witryny i efektywności stosowanych reklam. Nie dzielimy się Twoimi danymi osobowymi z dostawcami tych usług za wyjątkiem danych zbieranych bezpośrednio przez ciasteczka reklamowe/biznesowe. Miej na uwadze, że dane zebrane w taki sposób mogą być połączone z danymi zebranymi w inny sposób przez naszych dostawców. Takie zewnętrzne przetwarzanie będzie podlegało politykom prywatności stosowanym przez naszych partnerów.
Poniżej znajdziesz opis ciasteczek z których korzystają nasze Witryny oraz jak możesz wyłączyć ich zastosowanie.
Nasze ciasteczka (ciasteczka niezbędne).
Ciasteczka te są ściśle związane z działaniem Witryny i pozwalają m.in. na prawidłowe wyświetlanie strony, logowanie się czy też umieszczanie zakupów w koszyku.
Opt-out: Możesz skonfigurować przeglądarkę w taki sposób, aby nie wykorzystywała żadnych ciasteczek. Rezygnacja może mieć negatywny wpływ na działanie i funkcjonalności Witryny.
Google Analytics (ciasteczka funkcjonalne).
Nasze Witryny korzystają z usługi usługi Google Analytics świadczonej przez firmę Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA ("Google"). Google będzie analizować korzystanie z Witryny przez Ciebie, co pozwoli nam na ulepszenie Witryny. Informacje gromadzone przez Google w związku z korzystaniem z Witryny (np. odwiedzane podstrony, ustawienia językowe, wykorzystywane systemy operacyjne) będą przesyłane do serwera Google zlokalizowanego w USA, gdzie będą one przechowywane i analizowane. Odpowiednie wyniki będą następnie nam udostępniane w postaci zanonimizowanej. Zbierane dane nie będą kojarzone z Twoim pełnym adresem IP w ramach tego procesu. Uaktywniliśmy funkcję anonimizacji adresów IP oferowaną przez Google, która usunie ostatnich 8 cyfr (typ IPv4) lub ostatnich 80 bitów (typ IPv6) z Twojego adresu IP. Ponadto, Google jest organizacją
certyfikowaną na mocy zawartej pomiędzy UE i USA umową o ochronie poufności (EU-US Privacy Shield)
, co gwarantuje utrzymanie odpowiedniego poziomu ochrony danych w odniesieniu do przetwarzania danych przez Google w USA. Dodatkowe informacje o usłudze Google Analytics są dostępne na stronach
Google Analytics Terms of Use
(warunki korzystania z usługi),
Privacy and Data Protection Guidelines of Google Analytics
(zasady prywatności i ochrony danych) oraz
Google Privacy Policy
(regulamin prywatności).
Opt-out: Możesz ściągnąć i zainstalować w przeglądarce plugin pozwalający na wyłączenie ciasteczek Google Analytics. Plugin dostępny jest pod
linkiem.
Google AdWords (ciasteczka reklamowe/biznesowe).
Nasze Witryny korzystają z
Google AdWords
w celu reklamy naszych produktów i usług w Internecie. Adwords będzie wyświetlał reklamy na innych odwiedzanych przez Ciebie stronach bazując na tym, z jaką częścią Witryn się zapoznałeś. W tym celu będą wykorzystywane ciasteczka, które zostaną umieszczone na Twoim urządzeniu. Ciasteczka te W ŻADEN SPOSÓB NIE POZWALAJĄ NAM NA ZIDENTYFIKOWANIE CIEBIE ALBO NA UZYSKANIE DOSTĘPU DO TWOJEGO URZĄDZENIA.
Aby dowiedzieć się więcej o polityce prywatności Google kliknij
tutaj.
Opt-out: W celu rezygnacji z tych ciasteczek kliknij w link
Google’s Ads Settings
i postępuj zgodnie z instrukcjami.
Google Fit.
Nasze Witryny korzystają z usługi Google Fit w celu polepszenia jakości świadczonej Tobie usługi. Korzystanie z usługi Google Fit jest warunkowane wyrażeniem przez Ciebie zgody na synchronizację danych z usługą Google Fit. 
Jeżeli wyrazisz zgodę na synchronizację danych, udostępnisz nam informacje o:
formach Twojej aktywności takich jak bieganie, albo uprawianie innego sportu, medytacja, prace w ogrodzie czy sen;
cechach swojego  ciała takich jak procentowej ilości tkanki tłuszczowej w Twoim ciele, wzroście i wadze;
tym, ile płynów wypiłeś i żywność o jakich właściwościach odżywczych spożyłeś;
w celach przygotowania dla Ciebie najbardziej odpowiedniej diety, śledzenia Twojej aktywności, kroków  i punktów kardio w aplikacji oraz monitorowania Twojego tętna w trakcie treningu.
Opt-out: W celu zaprzestania korzystania z usługi Google Fit możesz w każdej chwili wyłączyć synchronizację danych z poziomu profilu użytkownika w sposób wskazany
tutaj.
Wykorzystanie informacji otrzymanych z aplikacji Google Fit jest zgodne z zasadami Google Fit  dotyczącymi polityki prywatności oraz z wymogami dotyczącymi ograniczonego użytkowania. Nie używamy informacji uzyskanych przez aplikacje Google Fit do celów reklamowych lub podobnych usług. Nigdy nie udostępniamy również podmiotom trzecim informacji z nich uzyskanych.
Hotjar (ciasteczka funkcjonalne).
Nasze Witryny korzystają z usługi Hotjar zapewnianej przez Hotjar Ltd. w celu lepszego zrozumienia Twoich potrzeb oraz optymalizacji świadczonych usług. Za pośrednictwem tej usługi możemy m. in. analizować czas jaki spędzasz na poszczególnych stronach, które linki zostały użyte, jakie czynności podejmowałeś na stronie oraz co się Tobie nie spodobało, co z kolei pozwala nam na rozwój świadczonych usług zgodnie z Twoimi oczekiwaniami. Hotjar wykorzystuje pliki cookies oraz inne technologie pozwalające na zbieranie danych o Twoich zachowaniach i urządzeniach, a w szczególności o adresach IP urządzeń (przechwytywane i gromadzone wyłącznie w zanonimizowanej formie), wielkości ekranu urządzeń, rodzajach urządzeń (numery identyfikacyjne urządzeń), informacji o przeglądarce, Twoim położeniu geograficznym (z ograniczeniem do wskazania danego państwa), preferowanego języka, w którym jest wyświetlana Witryna. Hotjar gromadzi te informacje w formie pseudonimizowanych profili. Ani Hotjar ani my nigdy nie wykorzystamy tych informacji w celu zidentyfikowania Ciebie albo w celu dopasowania zebranych danych z innymi danymi Ciebie dotyczącymi. Aby dowiedzieć się więcej na ten temat zapoznaj się z
Terms of Service
and
Privacy Policy
usługi.
Opt-out: W celu rezygnacji z tych ciasteczek kliknij w link
Opt-out
i postępuj zgodnie z instrukcjami.
Google DoubleClick (ciasteczka reklamowe/biznesowe).
Nasze Witryny korzystają z
Google DoubleClick
- ciasteczek pozwalających nam na kontrolowanie, jak często dana reklama jest wyświetlana w przeglądarce, jak długo trwa jej wyświetlanie oraz przez jaki okres czasu reklama może pojawić się w przeglądarce. Na tej podstawie możemy oceniać skuteczność naszych reklam.
Opt-out: W celu rezygnacji z tych ciasteczek kliknij w link
Google’s Ads Settings
i postępuj zgodnie z instrukcjami.
Vimeo (ciasteczka funkcjonalne).
Nasze Witryny korzystają z usługi Vimeo zapewnianej przez Vimeo, Inc, która pozwala nam na udostępnianie Tobie w Witrynie nagrań wideo. Aby dowiedzieć się więcej na ich temat zapoznaj się z
Cookie Policy
and
Privacy
usługi.
Opt-out: W celu rezygnacji z tych ciasteczek kliknij w link
Opt-out.
Snapchat (ciasteczka funkcjonalne).
Nasze Witryny korzystają z usługi Snapchat zapewnianej przez Snap Inc, - ciasteczek pozwalających oceniać skuteczność naszych reklam. Aby dowiedzieć się więcej na ich temat zapoznaj się z
Cookie Policy
and
Privacy
usługi.
Opt-out: W celu rezygnacji z tych ciasteczek skorzystaj z aplikacji Snapchat.
Facebook Pixel
Nasze Witryny korzystają z usługi Facebook Pixel zapewnianej przez Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA (“Facebook”). Usługa ta pozwala nam na śledzenie Twojego zachowania po tym jak zobaczyłeś albo kliknąłeś w reklamę pochodzącą z Facebooka. Ta usługa jest zaprojektowana w sposób pozwalający na ocenę wpływu reklam pochodzących z Facebooka w celach statystycznych i badaniu rynku, i pomaga nam w ulepszaniu naszych przyszłych reklam. Dane zbierane w ten sposób są anonimowe i nie pozwalają na ustalenie Twojej tożsamości. Dane te są jednak gromadzone i przetwarzane przez Facebooka i mogą być łączone z Twoim facebookowym profilem, a następnie wykorzystane przez Facebooka w jego własnych celach reklamowych na zasadach określonych w Polityce Prywatności Facebooka dostępnej
tutaj.
W związku z Facebook Pixel na Twoim urządzeniu może zostać umieszczone ciasteczko.
Opt-out: W celu wyłączenia Facebook Pixel kliknij w link Opt-out
tutaj
.
Kompleksowe informacje dostępne są w ustawieniach oprogramowania (przeglądarki internetowej). Szczegóły dla osób korzystających z poszczególnych przeglądarek internetowych, m.in.:
Internet Explorer
Mozilla Firefox
Chrome
Opera
W celu wyłączenia ciasteczek na urządzeniach mobilnych w zależności od zainstalowanego systemu operacyjnego kliknij w odpowiedni link poniżej i postępuj zgodnie z instrukcjami:
Android
iOS
BlackBerry
Windows Phone
Informujemy, że ograniczenia bądź wyłączenia stosowania plików cookies i innych podobnych technologii mogą wpłynąć na niektóre funkcjonalności dostępne w Witrynach.
Informacje dodatkowe
Dodatkowe informacje na temat plików cookies i innych technologii można znaleźć m.in. pod adresem
wszystkoociasteczkach.pl
,
youronlinechoices.com
lub w sekcji Pomoc w menu przeglądarki internetowej.
O uzyskanie dodatkowych informacji możesz również zwrócić się bezpośrednio do nas lub naszego Inspektora Ochrony Danych.
Zmiany Polityki Prywatności i Cookies
Zastrzegamy sobie prawo do zmiany i aktualizacji niniejszej Polityki Prywatności i Cookies. O wszelkich zmianach poinformujemy bezzwłocznie użytkowników Witryn.
Jeśli nadal korzystasz z naszych stron internetowych po wprowadzeniu zmian, akceptujesz zmienione zasady. Jeśli zmiany są znaczące, możemy przekazać wyraźniejsze powiadomienie lub uzyskać zgodę zgodnie z wymogami prawa.
Data wejścia w życie niniejszej Polityki Prywatności i Cookies: 02 kwietnia 2024 r.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/data/en/health-app/:
Choose another country or region to see content specific to your location and shop online.
Ireland
Ireland
Other country or region
Continue
Apple
Store
Shop the Latest
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
Accessories
Find a Store
Order Status
Apple Trade In
Financing
Personal Setup
Certified Refurbished
Education
Business
Veterans and Military
Government
Mac
Explore All Mac
MacBook Air
MacBook Pro
iMac
Mac mini
Mac Studio
Mac Pro
Displays
Compare Mac
Switch from PC to Mac
Shop Mac
Help Me Choose
Mac Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Mac Support
AppleCare+ for Mac
macOS Sequoia
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
Continuity
iCloud+
Mac for Business
Education
iPad
Explore All iPad
iPad Pro
iPad Air
iPad
iPad mini
Apple Pencil
Keyboards
Compare iPad
Why iPad
Shop iPad
iPad Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
iPad Support
AppleCare+ for iPad
iPadOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iCloud+
Education
iPhone
Explore All iPhone
iPhone 16 Pro
iPhone 16
iPhone 16e
iPhone 15
Compare iPhone
Switch from Android
Shop iPhone
iPhone Accessories
Apple Trade In
Carrier Deals at Apple
Financing
iPhone Support
AppleCare+ for iPhone
iOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iPhone Privacy
iCloud+
Wallet, Pay, Card
Siri
Watch
Explore All Apple Watch
Apple Watch Series 10
Apple Watch Ultra 2
Apple Watch SE
Apple Watch Nike
Apple Watch Hermès
Compare Watch
Why Apple Watch
Shop Apple Watch
Apple Watch Studio
Apple Watch Bands
Apple Watch Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Apple Watch Support
AppleCare+
watchOS 11
Apple Watch For Your Kids
Apps by Apple
Apple Fitness+
Vision
Explore Apple Vision Pro
Guided Tour
Tech Specs
Shop Apple Vision Pro
Apple Vision Pro Accessories
Book a Demo
Financing
Apple Vision Pro Support
AppleCare+
visionOS 2
AirPods
Explore All AirPods
AirPods 4
AirPods Pro 2
AirPods Max
Compare AirPods
Shop AirPods
AirPods Accessories
AirPods Support
AppleCare+ for Headphones
Hearing Health
Apple Music
TV & Home
Explore TV & Home
Apple TV 4K
HomePod
HomePod mini
Shop Apple TV 4K
Shop HomePod
Shop HomePod mini
Shop Siri Remote
TV & Home Accessories
Apple TV Support
HomePod Support
AppleCare+
Apple TV app
Apple TV+
Home app
Apple Music
Siri
AirPlay
Entertainment
Explore Entertainment
Apple One
Apple TV+
Apple Music
Apple Arcade
Apple Fitness+
Apple News+
Apple Podcasts
Apple Books
App Store
Apple TV+ Support
Apple Music Support
Accessories
Shop All Accessories
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
TV & Home
Made by Apple
Beats by Dr. Dre
AirTag
Support
iPhone
Mac
iPad
Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Music
TV
Explore Support
Community
Check Coverage
Repair
Get AppleCare+
Apple Account and Password
Billing & Subscriptions
Accessibility
Find a Store
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Apple Intelligence
Apple Trade In
0
+
Legal
Open Menu
Close Menu
Hardware
Software
Sales & Support
Internet Services
Intellectual Property
More Resources
English
Choose your preferred language
The Health app can consolidate data from your iPhone, iPad, Apple Vision Pro, Apple Watch and other devices, health records, and apps you use so you can have a more comprehensive view of your health information in one convenient place. You are in control over which data is stored in the Health app and which data is shared with third-party apps and people you trust.
You remain in control over which Health app features you use, such as Health Records, Cycle Tracking, Medications, Mental Health, and Sleep. Some iOS and watchOS features (such as Heart Rate and Noise notifications) may be enabled by default. You can enable or disable the features available in the Health app at any time by tapping the Browse tab or your Profile, then tapping the health category or feature that you want to enable or disable. Certain health features may use your region to determine feature availability.
When your device is locked with a passcode, Touch ID, or Face ID, all of your health and fitness data in the Health app — other than your Medical ID — is encrypted and inaccessible by default. Additionally, if you are using iOS 12 or later and turn on two-factor authentication, Apple will not be able to read your health and activity data synced to iCloud.
You can choose to use iCloud to keep your data up to date across your devices, choose to back up your data to an iTunes encrypted backup on your computer, or choose to share your data. The Health app also gives you the ability to export a copy of your Health app data available on your device. To do so, tap your profile picture in the upper-right corner, then tap Export All Health Data.
iCloud Backup and Sync
You can choose to back up your health data in iCloud where it is encrypted while in transit and at rest. iCloud sync also allows you to keep your health data up to date across all your devices. Additionally, with iCloud sync, you can use the Health app sharing features, such as sharing Health app data with other third-party apps you trust. If you have enabled iCloud, your Health app data is backed up by default. You can disable iCloud backup at any time by going to Settings > [your name] > iCloud and tapping to turn off Health.
Sharing
Share Health App Data with Third-Party Apps
You can choose to share your Health app data with third-party apps you trust. Apps must request the ability to read data from or write data to your Health app. All third-party apps must explain why they are requesting access to your Health app data. Each app is also required to have a privacy policy that describes its use of health data, so you should review these policies before providing apps with access to your health data. You have control over the data that you share with these third-party apps and can change what you share at any time. You can view at any time which third-party apps you have granted access to your Health app data and manage what data you share with and receive from these third-party apps. Some Health app data types may not be accessible to third-party apps. Learn more about how to manage the data you share with and receive from third-party apps at
support.apple.com/108779
.
Share Health App Data with Family and Friends
You can also choose to share your Health app data with people you trust. You can select and share certain Health app data with other Health app users in your Contacts, such as your family and friends.
You maintain control over which data is shared with other Health app users. After the person you choose to share your health data with accepts your invitation, they will be able to view a summary of the data you share in the Health app, including a subset of your historical health data and future updates relating to the data you share, unless you decide to stop sharing. They can also choose to receive alerts, trend reports, and other updates related to the data you share. Apple will not be able to access or view any of the data that you share with other Health app users.
You can view the categories of health data you choose to share with another Health app user. In the Health app, tap the Sharing tab, then tap the person you are sharing data with. You can then add and remove health topics that are shared with that person, and preview the data you’re currently sharing with them.
You can stop sharing your Health app data at any time. To do so, open the Health app, tap the Sharing tab, tap the person you want to stop sharing with, and then tap Stop Sharing. If you decide to stop sharing, the other user’s device will delete the historical data you shared with them from their Health app.
Share Health App Data with Healthcare Providers
You can select and share certain categories of Health app data, such as activity data, heart rate data, and lab results from your iPhone or iPad with a participating healthcare organization when you sign in with your account credentials for the healthcare organization. Apple and your device do not store or have access to your account credentials. You have control over the data that you share with your healthcare organization and can change what you share at any time. You can also view at any time which healthcare organizations you are sharing your Health app data with. To view and manage the sharing of your health data with a healthcare organization, open the Health app, tap the Sharing tab, then tap the healthcare organization you want to manage. Any healthcare provider with access to your patient chart at the healthcare organization can access the health data you choose to share with that healthcare organization.
Any Health app data you choose to share will be encrypted and stored by Apple on a dedicated server so that Apple can securely share this data with the healthcare organization you chose. Your data is sent from your iPhone and iPad only when the device is unlocked and connected to the internet. Apple does not maintain or have access to the encryption keys for data that is stored on our servers and shared with your healthcare organization and cannot decrypt, view, or otherwise access this data. Apple will maintain the Health app data you choose to share with your healthcare organization only for as long as necessary to support your use of this sharing feature and will use this data only to enable this sharing feature. Any health data you share in connection with this feature will be encrypted in transit and at rest when stored on Apple servers. When you use this feature, all data you choose to share with your healthcare organization that is maintained by Apple will be stored in a secure system in accordance with the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) privacy and security standards.
Your healthcare provider will not receive notifications when your data is available and may not see the data you share with them. Once you authorize sharing, your health records from the healthcare organization you authorize sharing with will also be automatically downloaded and stored in the Health app. Your healthcare provider may add the information you choose to share to your medical record and may also use the information you share to assist their independent assessment of your health. Any data you choose to share with your healthcare organization will be treated in accordance with that healthcare organization’s Notice of Privacy Practices and its privacy and security policies and procedures.
You can stop sharing your Health app data at any time. To do so, open the Health app, tap the Sharing tab, tap the healthcare organization you want to manage, then tap Stop Sharing. If you decide to stop sharing with a healthcare organization, they will no longer have access to your data through this feature. Any information shared with your healthcare provider prior to withdrawing access may be stored by your healthcare provider in their records.
In addition to sharing Health app data with healthcare providers, you can also separately use the Health Records feature to securely download your clinical health records from participating healthcare organizations to the Health app. Learn about Health Records on iPhone at
support.apple.com/105016
.
Medications
You can manage and track your medications, vitamins, and supplements within the Health app. Through the Medications feature you can create a medications list, and set up custom schedules and reminders. In certain jurisdictions, you can view educational information about your medications and receive alerts if there are potential critical interactions with medications you have added to the Medications feature. You can add medications by manually entering the information and, where available, by searching within the Health app or using the iPhone camera to add your medications. All processing for the Medications feature occurs on device. You can also use the Health Sharing features to share medications with your family, friends, and healthcare providers.
Mental Health
You can log your State of Mind and the factors contributing to it and track this information over time within the Health app through the Mental Wellbeing category, including viewing your State of Mind data in interactive charts and setting up reminders to log your state of mind. Users will also have the option to take age-appropriate standardized anxiety and depression assessments often used in clinics. All processing for Mental Health features occur on device. You can use the Health Sharing features to share State of Mind data with your family and friends. You can also scroll to Options in the Depression Risk and Anxiety Risk sections and tap Export PDF to share your depression and anxiety assessment data with healthcare providers.
Medical ID on iPhone
In the Health app on iPhone, you can create an emergency Medical ID that contains information you choose to upload about your medical conditions, allergies, medications, profile photo, and more. Show When Locked enables first responders and others to view your Medical ID when your iPhone is locked.
You can also add emergency contacts to your Medical ID. When you add emergency contacts, they are automatically alerted when you use Emergency SOS from your iPhone or from your Apple Watch if you have uninstalled the Messages app. You may also have the option to allow your Medical ID information to be sent automatically to emergency services, via a secure third-party service, when you call or text your local emergency number (for example, 911) or use Emergency SOS from your iPhone or Apple Watch. You must turn on Share During Emergency Call (where available) to automatically send your Medical ID information to emergency services when you call or text your local emergency number or use Emergency SOS. Learn more about Medical ID at
support.apple.com/105072
.
You can create or update your Medical ID in the Health app on iPhone. Tap your profile in the upper-right corner, tap Medical ID, then tap Get Started or Edit. You have the ability to input the amount of information that will be displayed on your Medical ID and accessible from the Lock Screen.
Vaccination Record
You can choose to securely download and store your verifiable digital vaccination record, such as your COVID-19 vaccination record, in the Health app. Your vaccination record contains information such as your name, date of birth, type of vaccine, and vaccination date(s). You can add your verifiable digital vaccination record to the Health app by obtaining your vaccination record as a QR code or digital file from the administering entity or the immunization registry in the region where you received the vaccine. When you scan the QR code or tap the file, you will be given the option to open the record in the Health app. Your verifiable digital vaccination record may also be imported and stored in the Health app through the Health Records feature if you added an account with a participating healthcare organization.
When you use a QR code or a download link to add your vaccination record to the Health app on iPhone, you can choose to add your vaccination record to Wallet, allowing you to quickly access your vaccination record from the Wallet app. When you add a vaccination card to Wallet, a copy of your vaccination record is stored by the Wallet app on the iOS device to which you added the vaccination card. The vaccination card stored in Wallet is not synced across your devices and not backed up to iCloud. The full details of your vaccination card will not be visible on the iPhone Lock Screen until you have authenticated with Face ID, Touch ID, or passcode. To present your vaccination card details, you must first authenticate. Once authenticated, anyone with access to your device may be able to view your vaccination card when displayed on your device screen so you should take precautions to protect your device.
You can remove your vaccination card from Wallet at any time. Removing your vaccination card from Wallet does not delete the copy of your vaccination record stored in the Health app. You can delete your vaccination record from the Health app at any time. Deletion of your vaccination record from the Health app will also delete the corresponding vaccination card from Wallet. Learn more about verifiable health records at
support.apple.com/102467
.
Accessing Your Health Data Using Siri
You can ask Siri to record certain health data types in the Health app, or to read your information available in the Health app. All processing of recognized Health app data requests by Siri occurs on device. If Siri does not recognize your request as a Health app data request, any health information you include in the request will be sent to the Siri server. You can turn off Siri’s access to your Health app data at any time by going to Settings > Health > Data Access & Devices > Siri, then tapping to turn off Access Health Data.
Removing the Health App
If you no longer want to use the Health app, you can choose to remove it from your iPhone or iPad by touching and holding the Health app on the Home Screen then tapping Remove App. When you delete the Health app on iPhone or iPad, your health data will remain on your device, and any apps or Health Sharing recipient you’ve shared health data with will continue to have access to existing health data you chose to share. Additionally, data from certain sensor-based Health features (such as Heart Rate and the Blood Oxygen app) will continue to be captured and stored on your device. You can manage your health data, including deleting your health data and revoking permissions granted to third party apps and Health Sharing recipients, in the Settings app by going to Settings > Health. If you change your mind, you can redownload the Health app from the App Store.
Retention
You remain in control over which information is added to the Health app and how long that information is stored. Your Health app data will be stored in the Health app and in iCloud if you choose to back up your health data to iCloud, for as long you choose to store your information in the Health app. You can review, edit, and delete your Health app data at any time. Learn more about managing health information in the Health app at
support.apple.com/guide/iphone/view-your-health-data-iphe3d379c32/ios
.
Other Information
At all times, information collected by Apple will be treated in accordance with Apple’s Privacy Policy, which can be found at
www.apple.com/privacy
.
Note: Some features may not be available on certain devices or in every region or language.
Published Date: December 16, 2024
Sub-policy 1
https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI:
Skip to content
Google LLC
Active Participant
Other Covered Entities
Industries
Participation
Privacy Policy
Dispute Resolution
Other Covered Entities
See Purposes of Data Collection section for details on scope of cert
Industries
Information and Communications Technology
Information Technology Services
Participation
UK Extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Framework:
Active
Original Certification Date:  9/14/2023
Next Certification Due Date: 9/13/2024
Data Collected: HR, NON-HR
Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Framework:
Active
Original Certification Date:  4/18/2017
Next Certification Due Date: 9/13/2024
Data Collected: HR, NON-HR
EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Framework:
Active
Original Certification Date:  9/22/2016
Next Certification Due Date: 9/13/2024
Data Collected: HR, NON-HR
Purpose of Data Collection
This certification applies to Google LLC and its wholly-owned U.S. subsidiaries, including X (a division of Google LLC) and Chronicle LLC, and any other wholly-owned U.S. subsidiary of Google LLC to the extent of any current separate self-certification by such entity.  With respect to personal data other than human resources data: Data is processed for various purposes depending on the particular product or service being provided, including: sales and marketing to consumers and businesses; supplying services and products to consumers and businesses; operating, developing and improving services and products of Google and/or any of its wholly-owned U.S. subsidiaries identified below; personalizing services and products; financial processing and management; supplier, vendor and partner relationship management; fraud prevention, security, and protection of Google, its wholly-owned U.S. subsidiaries, and our users; compliance with applicable law and governmental, legislative and regulatory bodies; and customer support and relationship management. Data is disclosed to third parties as detailed in our relevant Privacy Policies, listed below, including: in situations in which we have consent, for external processing, with domain administrators, and for legal reasons. With respect to human resources data: Data is processed for various employment and legal purposes, including: recruitment and staffing; compensation, benefit programs and payroll; performance management and training; compliance and risk management; workplace management; protection against injury, theft, legal liability, fraud and abuse; and other business purposes. Data is disclosed to third parties as detailed in our relevant Privacy Policies, listed below, including for business-related and legal purposes.

We currently do not rely on the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks and the UK Extension to transfer Swiss and UK personal information to the U.S..
Privacy Policy
HR Data
Google Employee Privacy Policy
Description:
Describes how Google collects and uses employee data. Available to employees on Google internal sites and services. The EU Data Protection Authorities (DPAs) serve as the dispute resolution provider for Google Employee Privacy Policy.
Effective Date: 9/1/2023
HR and Non-HR Data
Document:
Actifio Privacy Policy
Description:
Explains the data that we collect and why we collect it, how we use that data, and the choices we offer to control that data. The EU Data Protection Authorities (DPAs) will serve as the dispute resolution provider for this privacy policy.
Effective Date: 9/1/2023
Document:
BreezoMeter
Description:
Explains the data that we collect and why we collect it, how we use that data, and the choices we offer to control that data. The EU Data Protection Authorities (DPAs) will serve as the dispute resolution provider for this Privacy Policy.
Effective Date: 10/1/2023
Document:
Dataform Privacy Policy
Description:
Explains the data that we collect and why we collect it, how we use that data, and the choices we offer to control that data. The EU Data Protection Authorities (DPAs) will serve as the dispute resolution provider for this privacy policy.
Effective Date: 9/11/2023
Document:
Elastifile Privacy Policy
Description:
Explains the data that we collect and why we collect it, how we use that data, and the choices we offer to control that data. The EU Data Protection Authorities (DPAs) serve as the dispute resolution provider for this privacy policy.
Effective Date: 9/1/2023
Document:
Extended Workforce Privacy Privacy Policy
Description:
The Extended Workforce Privacy Policy explains the data that we collect and why we collect it, how we use that data, and the choices we offer to control that data. The EU Data Protection Authorities (DPAs) serve as the dispute resolution provider for this privacy policy.
Effective Date: 9/1/2023
Document:
Fitbit Privacy Policy
Description:
The Fitbit Privacy Policy describes the privacy practices for our devices, applications, software, websites, APIs, products, and services. The Privacy Policy covers the data we collect, how we use it, the controls we offer, and security measures we take.
Effective Date: 6/6/2023
Document:
Google Careers Privacy Policy
Description:
Explains the data that we collect and why we collect it, how we use that data, and the choices we offer to control that data. The EU Data Protection Authorities (DPAs) serve as the dispute resolution provider for this Privacy Policy.
Effective Date: 8/31/2023
Document:
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
Description:
Explains the data that we collect and why we collect it, how we use that data, and the choices we offer to control that data. The EU Data Protection Authorities (DPAs) serve as the dispute resolution provider for this privacy notice.
Effective Date: 8/21/2023
Document:
Google Privacy Policy
Description:
Explains the data that we collect and why we collect it, how we use that data, and the choices we offer to control that data. The EU Data Protection Authorities (DPAs) serve as the dispute resolution provider for this Privacy Policy.
Effective Date: 7/1/2023
Document:
Google Registry Privacy Policy
Description:
Explains the data that we collect and why we collect it, how we use that data, and the choices we offer to control that data. The EU Data Protection Authorities (DPAs) serve as the dispute resolution provider for this Privacy Policy.
Effective Date: 9/1/2023
Document:
Kaggle Privacy Policy
Description:
Explains the data that we collect and why we collect it, how we use that data, and the choices we offer to control that data. The EU Data Protection Authorities (DPAs) serve as the dispute resolution provider for this privacy policy.
Effective Date: 9/15/2023
Document:
Looker Privacy Policy
Description:
Explains the data that we collect and why we collect it, how we use that data, and the choices we offer to control that data. The EU Data Protection Authorities (DPAs) serve as the dispute resolution provider for this privacy policy.
Effective Date: 9/20/2023
Document:
Privacy Policy for Nest Websites
Description:
Explains the data that we collect and why we collect it, how we use that data, and the choices we offer to control that data. The EU Data Protection Authorities (DPAs) serve as the dispute resolution provider for this privacy policy.
Effective Date: 9/1/2023
Document:
Privacy Statement for Nest's Products and Services
Description:
Explains the data that we collect and why we collect it, how we use that data, and the choices we offer to control that data. The EU Data Protection Authorities (DPAs) serve as the dispute resolution provider for this privacy statement.
Effective Date: 9/1/2023
Document:
Qwiklabs Privacy Policy
Description:
Explains the data that we collect and why we collect it, how we use that data, and the choices we offer to control that data. The EU Data Protection Authorities (DPAs) serve as the dispute resolution provider for this privacy policy.
Effective Date: 9/14/2023
Document:
SecOps Privacy Notice
Description:
Explains the data that we collect and why we collect it, how we use that data, and the choices we offer to control that data. The EU Data Protection Authorities (DPAs) serve as the dispute resolution provider for this privacy policy.
Effective Date: 9/7/2023
Verification Method
Self-Assessment
Dispute Resolution
Questions or Complaints?
If you have a question or complaint regarding the covered data, please contact Google LLC at:
Keith Enright
Chief Privacy Officer
Google LLC
Google Data Protection Office
1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy
Mountain View, California  94043-1351
dpf-core-team@google.com
Phone:
(650) 253-0000
Fax: 650.618.1806
Privacy Shield organizations must respond within 45 days of receiving a complaint.
If you have not received a timely or satisfactory response from Google LLC to your question or complaint, please contact the independent recourse mechanism listed below
HR RECOURSE MECHANISM
EU Data Protection Authorities (DPAs)
UK Information Commissioner's Office (ICO)
NON-HR RECOURSE MECHANISM
EU Data Protection Authorities (DPAs)
Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC)
UK Information Commissioner's Office (ICO)
Appropriate statutory body with jurisdiction to investigate any claims against Google LLC regarding possible unfair or deceptive practices and violations of laws or regulations covering privacy
Federal Trade Commission
Sub-policy 2
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en-GB:
Skip to main content
Safeguarding your data
Laws protecting user privacy such as the
European Economic Area’s General Data Protection Regulation
and other privacy laws that establish various rights for applicable US-state residents impact content publishers, application developers, website visitors, and application users. See also
the Google privacy policy
and Google’s site for
customers and partners
. Currently such regulations apply to specific geographic regions, but publishers and application developers often implement controls that affect the experience of users in all regions.
Google is committed to protecting data confidentiality and security. It is important to understand your privacy options, whether in the role of a publisher or a consumer. This page provides information on data collection and security for:
Content publishers and app developers (“customers”) using Google measurement products.
Website visitors and app users (“users”) of sites and apps using Google measurement products.
Data collection
Google customers use tags on web pages and an SDK for mobile apps to enable Google measurement products. The measurement data collected helps customers understand their users’ needs and, optionally, personalize the user experience and offer relevant advertising (see
Advertising personalization
).
Google tags and the SDK use cookies and app instance IDs, respectively, to measure user interaction. While these identifiers provide information about user behavior, Google prohibits customers from sending
Personally Identifiable Information
to Google Analytics. Even so, use of cookies and app IDs falls under the privacy laws mentioned previously. Google customers need to inform users about the information being stored and give them the opportunity to grant or deny their consent.
See the following sections on this page to:
Learn how Google collects and processes information about website and app usage:
Information for sites and apps using Google Analytics
.
Learn about our user policies and controls:
Information for visitors of sites and apps using Google Analytics
.
Download this diagram that explains how Google Analytics collects, filters, and stores data.
Information for visitors of sites and apps Using Google Analytics
Our privacy policy
At Google, we are keenly aware of the trust you place in us and our responsibility to keep your privacy and data secure. As part of this responsibility, we let you know what information we collect when you use our products and services, why we collect it, and how we use it to improve your experience. The
Google privacy policy & principles
describes how we treat personal information when you use Google's products and services, including Google Analytics.
Google Analytics cookies and identifiers
Google Analytics mainly uses first-party cookies to report on visitor (aka. user) interactions on Google Analytics customers’ websites. Users may disable cookies or delete any individual cookie.
Learn more
In addition, Google Analytics supports an optional browser
add-on
that - once installed and enabled - disables measurement by Google Analytics for any site a user visits. Note that this add-on only disables Google Analytics measurement.
Where a site or app uses Google Analytics for Apps or the Google Analytics for Firebase SDKs, Google Analytics collects
an app-instance identifier
— a randomly generated number that identifies a unique installation of an App. Whenever a user resets their Advertising Identifier (Advertising ID on Android, and ID for Advertisers on iOS), the app-instance identifier is also reset.
Where sites or apps have implemented Google Analytics with other Google Advertising products, like Google Ads, additional advertising identifiers may be collected. Users can opt-out of this feature and manage their settings for this cookie using the
Ads Settings
.
Learn more
Information for sites and apps using Google Analytics
Google Analytics under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
Google operates as a data processor for Google Analytics. This is reflected in our Ads Data Processing Terms, which are available to all Google Analytics customers with direct contracts with Google.
Learn more
Google Analytics is a data processor under GDPR because Google Analytics collects and processes data on behalf of our clients, pursuant to their instructions. Our customers are data controllers who retain full rights over the collection, access, retention, and deletion of their data at any time. Google’s use of data is controlled by the terms of its contract with Google Analytics customers and any settings enabled by customers through the user interface of our product.
Google Analytics under privacy laws in the United States
In order to help Google Analytics customers prepare for laws that establish various rights for applicable US-state residents, we have updated our
Data Processing Terms
to include a
U.S. State Privacy Laws Service Provider and Processor Addendum
. Subject to the full terms of this addendum, Google Analytics will act as a service provider to its customers (when data sharing with Google products and services is disabled) and as such, will only use data collected on behalf of the customer in Google Analytics to provide the Google Analytics services. Customers who have not accepted our
Data Processing Terms
can do so
per these instructions
. Customers who have already agreed to our
Data Processing Terms
will not need to take additional action to accept the CCPA service provider addendum. Customers should review the
U.S. State Privacy Laws Service Provider and Processor Addendum
, as well as Google Analytics’ use of data, to ensure it meets customer’s compliance needs.
To help customers manage their compliance needs, Google Analytics offers a collection of tools, detailed below, that enable you to control how data is collected, and whether it is used for advertising personalization.
If you have linked Google Analytics to another product, please refer to
Google Analytics linking overview
.
Google Analytics under the Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (LGPD)
Google operates as a data processor for Google Analytics. This is reflected in our Ads Data Processing Terms, which are available to all Google Analytics customers with direct contracts with Google.
Learn more
Google Analytics is a data processor under LGPD because Google Analytics collects and processes data on behalf of our clients, pursuant to their instructions. Our customers are data controllers who retain full rights over the collection, access, retention, and deletion of their data at any time. Google’s use of data is controlled by the terms of its contract with Google Analytics customers and any settings enabled by customers through the user interface of our product.
International transfers
See
here
for information on data transfers via Google Analytics.
Data Collected by Google Analytics
First-party cookies
Google Analytics collects first-party cookies, data related to the device/browser, IP address (when collecting data, Google Analytics 4 does not log or store IP addresses), and on-site/app activities to measure and report statistics about user interactions on the websites and/or apps that use Google Analytics. Customers may customize cookies and the data collected with features like
cookie settings
,
User-ID
,
Data Import
, and
Measurement Protocol
.
Learn more
Google Analytics customers who have for instance, enabled the analytics.js or gtag.js collection method can control whether or not they use cookies to store a pseudonymous or random client identifier. If the customer decides to set a cookie, the information stored in the local first-party cookie is reduced to a random identifier (e.g., 12345.67890).
For customers who use the Google Analytics for Apps SDK, we collect an App Instance Identifier, which is a number that is randomly generated when the user installs an app for the first time.
Advertising identifiers
Where customers use
Google Analytics Advertising Features
, Google advertising cookies are collected and used to enable features like Remarketing on the Google Display Network. These features are subject to the users’
Ads Settings
, the
Policy requirements for Google Analytics Advertising Features
and
Google’s EU User Consent policy
, which requires customers to obtain consent for cookies where legally required—including consent for personalized ads. For more information about how Google uses advertising cookies, visit the
Google Advertising Privacy FAQ
. It is possible to implement Google Analytics without affecting normal data collection where Advertising features are disabled until consent is obtained (see
Privacy Controls in Google Analytics
), as well as prevent certain data from being used for advertising personalization purposes (See
Advertising Personalization below
).
PII prohibition
Our contracts prohibit customers from sending
Personally Identifiable Information
to Google Analytics. Customers should follow these
Best Practices
to ensure PII is not sent to Google Analytics.
What is the data used for?
Google uses Google Analytics data to provide the Google Analytics measurement service to customers. Identifiers such as cookies and app instance IDs are used to measure user interactions with a customer’s sites and/or apps, while IP addresses are used to provide and protect the security of the service, and to give the customer a sense of where in the world their users come from. Customers may also choose to use the data collected by Google Analytics for site/app personalization or advertising purposes, including ads personalization (See
Advertising Personalization below
).
Data access
We do not share Google Analytics data without the customer’s authorization (including via settings in the product user interface), or as otherwise expressly permitted under the terms of their Google Analytics agreement, except in limited circumstances when required by law.
Customers may control their own access to data in their Analytics accounts or properties by configuring view and edit permissions for employees or other representatives who may login to their Analytics account.
Learn more
Security-dedicated engineering teams at Google guard against external threats to data. Internal access to data (e.g., by employees) is limited by strict access controls (both internal policy controls and automated technical controls such as authentication, SSL, and security logs) to only those with a business need to access it.
Product linking summary
Where customers link their Analytics property to another Google product or service account (“Integration Partner”), certain data from that Analytics property may be accessed and exported into the linked account. Once data is exported through a linking integration, it becomes subject to the Integration Partner’s terms and policies.
Note that once data is sent to an Integration Partner, that the data sent is subject to the terms of that Integration Partner and that Google Analytics no longer maintains access or control over that data.
Customers may review and manage their product integration linkings at any time within the Analytics product linking summary user interface.
Data sharing
Google Analytics provides several data sharing settings to customers, through which customers may customize how data collected using an Analytics data collection method (like the JavaScript code, mobile SDKs, and the Measurement Protocol) may be accessed and used by Google according to customer preferences. Note that these settings only apply to data collected from websites, mobile apps, and other digital devices using Analytics; they do not apply to data relating to a customer’s use of Analytics, such as the number of properties and which additional features are configured. Regardless of a customer’s data sharing settings, Analytics data may also be used only insofar as necessary to maintain and protect the Analytics service.
Learn more
Data Controls for retention, deletion, and portability
Data retention
With the
Data Retention controls
, customers can limit or expand the duration for which their user-level and event-level data is stored in Google Analytics servers. All customers should review their Data Retention settings and ensure the appropriate retention is selected.
User deletion
Customers may delete a single user’s data from Google Analytics by passing a single user identifier to the
Google Analytics User Deletion API
or via our
User Explorer report
. However, this does not delete aggregate data associated with that user, such as page URLs visited.
User-level data access and portability
Customers may pull event information for any given user identifier via our
User Explorer report
or the
User Activity API
. These features enable customers to analyze and export event level data for a single user identifier. In addition, our 360 customers may integrate with BigQuery to create a full export of all event data associated with their users in a single queryable repository.
Advertising personalization
Customers may choose to limit use of their analytics data for advertising personalization purposes, instead of disabling the collection of all analytics data or advertising identifiers (see “
Privacy Controls in Google Analytics
”). Customers may choose to disable Advertising Personalization for data collected from their entire property, or to disable it for individual events or users (for
apps
,
websites
, and
measurement protocol
). Customers using Google Analytics for Firebase or Google Analytics 4 properties may also
exclude specific events or user properties
(like ‘purchase’ or ‘gender’) from being used for Ads Personalization.
If any of 1) all property-level data, 2) individual events, or 3) specific event names or user properties have been excluded from ads personalization, then Analytics will append an additional signal (called ‘npa’) in Postbacks indicating that networks should not use the data for personalized advertising. Note that each network's treatment of such 'npa' signal is determined by such network.
Data privacy and security
Certifications
ISO 27001
Google has earned ISO 27001 certification for the systems, applications, people, technology, processes, and data centers serving a number of Google products, including Google Analytics.
Learn more about our ISO compliance, and download our certificate (PDF)
or
learn more about ISO 27001
.
Information security
In web-based computing, security of both data and applications is critical. Google dedicates significant resources towards securing applications and data handling to prevent unauthorized access to data.
Data is stored in an encoded format optimized for performance, rather than stored in a traditional file system or database manner. Data is dispersed across a number of physical and logical volumes for redundancy and expedient access, thereby obfuscating it from tampering.
Google applications run in a multi-tenant, distributed environment. Rather than segregating each customer's data onto a single machine or set of machines, data from all Google users (consumers, business, and even Google's own data) is distributed among a shared infrastructure composed of Google's many homogeneous machines and located in Google's data centers.
In addition, Google Analytics ensures secure transmission of its JavaScript libraries and measurement data. Google Analytics by default uses HTTP Strict Transport Security (HSTS), which instructs browsers that support HTTP over SSL (HTTPS) to use that encryption protocol for all communication between end users, websites, and Google Analytics servers.
Learn more
Operational security and disaster recovery
To minimize service interruption due to hardware failure, natural disaster, or other catastrophe, Google implements a comprehensive disaster-recovery program at all of its data centers. This program includes multiple components to eliminate single points of failure, including the following:
Data replication
: To help ensure availability in the event of a disaster, Google Analytics data stored in Google's distributed file system is replicated to separate systems in different data centers.
Geographical distribution of data centers
: Google operates a geographically distributed set of data centers that is designed to maintain service continuity in the event of a disaster or other incident in a single region.
Resilient and redundant infrastructure
: Google's computing clusters are designed with resiliency and redundancy in mind, helping minimize single points of failure and the impact of common equipment failures and environmental risks.
Continuity plan in the event of disaster
: In addition to the redundancy of data and regionally disparate data centers, Google also has a business-continuity plan for its headquarters in Mountain View, CA. This plan accounts for major disasters, such as a seismic event or a public-health crisis, and it assumes people and services may be unavailable for up to 30 days. This plan is designed to enable continued operations of our services for our customers.
Give feedback about this article
Choose a section to give feedback on
Was this helpful?
How can we improve it?
Yes
No
Submit
Post to the help community
Get answers from community members
Contact us
Tell us more and we’ll help you get there
true
Data privacy and security
1 of 24
Safeguarding your data
2 of 24
Privacy controls in Google Analytics
3 of 24
[GA4] Data redaction
4 of 24
Introduction to user consent management
5 of 24
[GA4] Verify and update consent settings in Google Analytics
6 of 24
[GA4] Behavioral modeling for consent mode
7 of 24
Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on
8 of 24
[UA] IP masking in Universal Analytics [Legacy]
9 of 24
[GA4] Policy requirements for Google Analytics Advertising Features
10 of 24
Data Processing Terms
11 of 24
We use our own products
12 of 24
Data retention
13 of 24
[GA4] Data-deletion requests
14 of 24
Data deletion requests (Universal Analytics) [Legacy]
15 of 24
ISO 27001 Certification
16 of 24
Google Analytics links overview
17 of 24
Account setup with additional privacy features
18 of 24
Best practices to avoid sending Personally Identifiable Information (PII)
19 of 24
Data Transparency Policy Against Fingerprints and Locally Shared Objects
20 of 24
Data controls in Universal Analytics
21 of 24
Data controls in Google Analytics 4
22 of 24
[GA4] EU-focused data and privacy
23 of 24
HIPAA and Google Analytics
24 of 24
Data sharing settings
Choose your own learning path
Check out
google.com/analytics/learn
, a new resource to help you get the most out of Google Analytics 4. The new website includes videos, articles, and guided flows, and provides links to the Google Analytics Discord, Blog, YouTube channel, and GitHub repository.
Start learning today!
Search
Clear search
Close search
Main menu
Google apps
12485525947013010208
true
Search Help Center
true
true
true
Google Help
Help Center
Get started with Analytics
Collect and manage data
Report and explore
Advertising and attribution
Audiences and remarketing
Manage accounts, properties, and users
Google Analytics 360
Migrate from UA to GA4 [Legacy]
Policies and data privacy
Community
Analytics
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Submit feedback
Introduction to Analytics
Set up Analytics
Guides and videos
Troubleshoot
Glossary
Events and key events
Import data from external systems
Integrations
Measure ecommerce
Measure lead generation
[GA4] First-party data
Reports
Explorations
Dimensions and metrics
Analytics Intelligence
The Analytics app
How data is stored and displayed
Regular expressions [Legacy]
Understand advertising
Understand attribution
Manage and configure attribution
iOS conversion measurement
[GA4] Set up audiences
[GA4] Use audiences for advertising and remarketing
[GA4] Audiences for common marketing objectives
[GA4] Troubleshoot audiences
[GA4] Subproperties
[GA4] Roll-up properties
[GA4] Subproperties
[GA4] Roll-up properties
How data is stored and displayed
Data privacy and security
true
true
69256
false
false
Inaccurate - doesn't match what I see in the product
Hard to understand - unclear or translation is wrong
Missing info - relevant but not comprehensive
Irrelevant - doesn’t match the title and / or my expectations
Minor errors - formatting issues, typos, and / or broken links
Other suggestions - ideas to improve the content
Share additional info or suggestions
​
​
Do not share any personal info
Cancel
Submit
By continuing, you agree Google uses your answers,
account & system info
to improve services, per our
Privacy
&
Terms
.
false
Sub-policy 3
http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 4
https://www.hotjar.com/legal/policies/privacy:
Are you an agency specialized in UX, digital marketing, or growth? Join our
Partner Program
Close banner
Hotjar Logo
Products
Solutions
Pricing
Case studies
Resources
Contact Sales
Sign in
Get started
English
Language
Get started
Toggle navigation menu
Legal / Policies
Back to legal overview
Privacy Policy
Date: 17 January 2024
Version number: 7.1
Language
English
We will NEVER sell Your Personal Data to Third Parties.
Hotjar will only share or disclose Personal Data as described in this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy applies to Personal Data processed by Hotjar Ltd. (“
Hotjar
”, “
We
”, “
Us
” and “
Our
”) when You visit
www.hotjar.com
in addition to any sub-pages that are integrated within it (the “
Site
”); and/or make use of Hotjar’s Platform.
This Privacy Policy explains what Personal Data We collect through Our Site and Platform, how and why We collect it, how We use and disclose the Personal Data We collect and information on how to exercise privacy rights over this Personal Data.
We have also included a section on the processing of Personal Data sent to Hotjar from visitors to a Hotjar Enabled Site.
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time but We will never do so in a manner that compromises Our commitment to respect the privacy of individuals. The most current version of this Privacy Policy governs Our practices for collecting, processing and disclosing Personal Data. We will provide notice via email to Our Customers and on this page of any material modifications to this Privacy Policy. Continued use of Our Site and/or Platform following the effective date of any modifications will constitute acceptance of the modified Agreement (this includes Our
Terms of Service
,
Data Processing Agreement
,
Acceptable Use Policy
and this Privacy Policy).
All capitalized terms in this Privacy Policy shall have the same meaning as defined in the
Terms of Service
and in the Applicable Law.
Information about Hotjar
Hotjar is a company headquartered in the European Union (EU) that provides Software as a Service (SaaS). Hotjar is a digital experience insights platform that provides visual behaviour insights, in-the-moment feedback, and 1:1 interviews, all in one place.
Personal Data Collected by Hotjar
The Personal Data We collect depends on whether the individual is:
A visitor to the Hotjar Site
A Customer or user (the “
User
”) of the Hotjar Platform
A Tester who signed up on the Hotjar Platform
Personal Data collected from a visitor of the Hotjar Site
This section applies to Personal Data Hotjar collects from visitors to the Hotjar Site (
hotjar.com
) or any of Our sub-sites or sub-domains (e.g.
help.hotjar.com
, etc.).
Any Personal Data provided by a visitor to Our Site will be used only as described in this Privacy Policy and Hotjar’s
Acceptable Use Policy
.
Usage Data
When someone visits the Hotjar Site, We may temporarily store the name of their internet service provider, IP address, the website they visited Us from, the parts of Our Site they visit, the date and duration of the visit, and information from the device (e.g. device type, operating system, screen resolution, language, country you are located in, and web browser type) used during their visit or other similar information that helps Us understand your behaviour on our Site. We process this usage data to facilitate access to Our Site (e.g. to adjust Our Site to the devices that are used). We may use this data to analyze, develop, improve, secure or optimize the use, function and performance of Our Sites, or to make sure We are reaching out to the right audience. Wherever possible, we will use usage data in an aggregated and/or anonymized form. Depending on the context, the legal basis for this data processing is Article 6(1)(a) and Article 6(1)(f) GDPR.
Cookies
Cookies are small data files transferred onto computers or devices. Hotjar uses cookies to process information including standard internet log information and details of the visitor’s behavioral patterns upon visiting Our Site. This is done to:
operate Our Site;
provide visitors to Our Site with a better experience by providing Us with insights on how visitors use Our Site; and
for marketing purposes, as detailed below.
For more info about the cookies We make use of, please visit Our
Cookie Information page
.
Contacting Us
Visitors to Our Site have the opportunity to contact Us to ask Us questions, for example via a contact form, where We ask for contact information (e.g. name, email address etc.). We use this data solely in connection with answering the queries We receive.
If a visitor to Our Site receives emails from Us, We may use certain analytics tools, to capture data such as when the email is opened or when any links or banners in the email have been clicked. This data helps Us understand the effectiveness of Our communications and marketing campaigns.
The legal basis for this processing is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR.
Personal Data collected from Hotjar’s Customers, Users and Testers
This section applies to Personal Data Hotjar collects from its Customers, Users and Testers when making use of Hotjar’s Platform.
When someone signs up for an account with Hotjar, contacts Our customer support for assistance, or subscribes to Our content or special offers, We may ask for additional Personal Data such as their name, email address and additional details about them or the organization they represent.
We will solely process this Personal Data to provide Our Platform in accordance with Article 6(1)(b) GDPR. If you are a User of Our Platform on behalf of a Hotjar Customer that has concluded this Agreement with Hotjar, the legal basis for Hotjar to process your Personal Data is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR. Please refer to Our
Terms of Service
for further details on signing up and using Our Platfor.
We temporarily store IP addresses of Customers, Users and Testers of Our Platform for associated performance metrics (i.e. data related to how well Our Platform performs) and to monitor and track application errors. We will never access these IP addresses without any operational or security need. We automatically delete these IP addresses within thirty (30) calendar days.The legal basis for this data processing is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR. We may use technical data (such as keypresses, timestamps, etc.) collected through the Platform to analyze, develop, improve or optimize the use, function and performance of Our Site, or to make sure we are reaching out to the right audience. Wherever possible, we will use usage data in an aggregated or anonymized form.
A Customer
may delete their Hotjar account
at any time. Users and Testers may delete their respective accounts through their account settings. After account deletion, We may retain Personal Data (in part or in whole) associated with the Customer, User or Tester to meet any regulatory and reporting requirements for the timeframes stipulated by law and to be able to address customer service issues. Any other Personal Data We were processing relating to Our Customer, Tester and/or Users of that Hotjar account will be deleted permanently within thirty (30) calendar days. This does not apply to any Personal Data collected as part of Customer research within the Engage Product. To maintian the quality of the research data, any research-related Personal Data may need to be kept for a reasonably required time.
We may use Personal Data and other Data about Our Customers, Users and/or Testers (including but not limited to demographic information, location information, information about the computer or device from which they access Our Platform) to create, wherever possible, anonymized and aggregated information and analytics. The legal basis for this data processing is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR.
The information We collect from Our Customers, Users and/or Testers is disclosed only in accordance with the Agreement and the Applicable Law.
Personal Data collected from Engage Product Testers
THIS SECTION APPLIES ONLY TO THE REGISTERED TESTERS OF OUR ENGAGE PRODUCT
When a Tester signs up to the Engage Product, we will ask them to share some Personal Data with Us to create a Tester profile. The Tester profile information will be revealed to Hotjar and Our Customers, who may invite you to usability study interviews ("
Interviews
"). The Engage Product has been built to connect Testers with the best-matched Customers for their Interviews. Better matches means happier Customers and more payouts for Testers. We analyse the data Testers provide Us with, along with the information about the Tester’s use of Our Platform, to suggest a good Interview match.
We collect and process Tester Personal Data to allow Testers to participate in Customer research, as well as for database management, managing contacts and sending messages, analytics, managing Our hosting and backend infrastructure, paying Testers for their service, Tester registration and authentication and displaying content from external platforms.
The data categories we will ask Testers to provide in order to build the Tester profile may include but are not limited to, name, age, country of residence, educational background, profession, marital status, phone number and other registration information. This information allows us to effectively match Testers with the right Customers. Testers may also optionally upload an avatar or enter their gender, but can remove this at any time. If a Tester deletes their account, their profile data will be removed too. Depending on the context, the legal basis for this data processing is Article 6(1)(b) GDPR and Article 6(1)(f) GDPR.
We will also collect information that relates to how Testers use Our Platform. The categories of Personal Data relating to this include but are not limited to timezone, broad location (town or district), web browser, operating system and the device used, referral sources, email engagement data, data on how you use the Engage Product (including last login date and frequency) and account signup date. This information allows Us to personalize the Engage Product to Testers’ needs and to improve Our Engage Product. We do not collect precise, real-time information about the location of a Tester’s device. We delete (or anonymize) such Tester Personal Data as soon as you cancel your account. The legal basis for this data processing is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR.
On an entirely voluntary basis, Testers may choose to connect their social media account with their Tester profile. This will grant Us read-only access to their social media account and we will store their social media account ID, along with a secure 'access key' that these social media companies provide to Us. If Tester grants Us access, we may also process their email address that is associated with the social media account, name, profile picture, gender and age range, which we may use to enhance Tester profile data on the Engage Product. We use social media account data as a 'quality signal' to confirm that the Engage Product account belongs to a real person and therefore, sharing of social account data may affect the number of Interview invitations a Tester receives. We will never post content to a Tester’s social profile without their permission and we will never request or access their private messages on these accounts. Testers can choose to disconnect their social media accounts at any time, which will prevent Us from being able to access them. Social media account data will also be deleted if you choose to delete your Hotjar account. The legal basis for this data processing is Article 6(1)(a) GDPR.
In order to be able to remunerate Our Testers we will process payment related information that Testers share with Us such as PayPal email address, residential address, etc.. We may also need to keep a history of payments made to Testers. This is needed to comply with accounting and legal rules. This data may be kept up to seven (7) years. The legal basis for this data processing is Article 6(1)(b) GDPR.
Hotjar’s use of Personal Data
Access and Disclosure to Third Parties
We use a select number of trusted external service providers for certain technical data analysis, processing and/or storage offerings (e.g., IT and related services). These Third Party service providers are carefully selected and meet high data protection and security standards. We only share data with them that is required for the services offered and We contractually bind them to keep any information We share with them as confidential and to process Personal Data only according to Our instructions. The legal basis for such processing would be Article 6(1)(f) GDPR.
In addition to services providers, other categories of Third Parties may include:
Vendors/public institutions.
To the extent that this is necessary in order to make use of certain services requiring special expertise (such as legal, accounting or auditing services) We may share Personal Data with vendors of such services or public institutions that offer them (e.g. courts). The legal basis of this data processing is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR.
Disclosure in the Event of Merger, Sale, or Other Asset Transfers.
If We are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, purchase or sale of assets, or transition of service to another provider, then Data may be sold or transferred as part of such a transaction, as permitted by law and/or contract. The legal basis for such processing would be Article 6(1)(f) GDPR.
Other than the cases mentioned above, We will only transfer Personal Data to Third Parties without express consent in accordance with Article 6(1)(a) GDPR or if We are obliged to do so by statutory law or by instruction from a public authority or court as outlined in Our
Terms of Service
.
Communication Purposes
We may occasionally send notification emails about updates to Our product, legal documents, customer support or for marketing purposes. To the extent required by Applicable Law, We will only send such messages if We have obtained consent in accordance with Article 6(1)(a) GDPR. In all other cases, the legal basis of this data processing is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR.
Except for cases where We are required to do so by law (e.g. notification of a data breach, providing you with important information about your account, updating our legal documents, etc.), recipients of Our communication shall have the opportunity to unsubscribe from receiving these messages free of charge. We process requests to be placed on do-not-contact lists as required by Applicable Law.
Marketing Purposes
We use Personal Data given to Us by Hotjar’s Customers, Users, Testers and/or visitors to Our Site to target advertisements to:
Hotjar’s Customers, Users, Testers and/or visitors to Our Site to keep them informed about Hotjar and any product changes we make; and
Potential new Customers or Testers that appear to have shared interests or similar demographics.
The legal basis of this data processing is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR.
We do this by sharing Personal Data with Third Party marketing platforms that have high privacy and confidentiality standards and which have gone through a legal and security review by Hotjar. This ensures that these Third Parties cannot do anything with the Personal Data We provide them other than use it for the express purpose of providing Us with the marketing services We contract them for.
This Personal Data is only shared with these Third Parties through secure and encrypted means. If you wish to opt out of this processing activity, please contact Us at
dpo@hotjar.com
with the subject line “Opt-Out of Marketing”.
Compliance and Protection
We may use Personal Data to (legal basis for the respective processing in parentheses):
protect Our, Our Customers’/Users’, Testers’, visitors’ to Our Site or Third Parties’ rights, privacy, safety or property including by making and defending legal claims (Article 6(1)(b), (c) or (f) GDPR);
audit Our internal processes for compliance with legal and contractual requirements and internal policies (Article 6(1)(f) GDPR);
enforce Our
Terms of Service
(Article 6(1)(b) or (f) GDPR);
protect, investigate and deter against fraudulent, harmful, unauthorized, unethical or illegal activity, including cyberattacks and identity theft (Article 6(1)(f) GDPR); and
comply with the Applicable Law, lawful requests and legal process, such as to respond to subpoenas or requests from government authorities (Article 6(1)(c) or (f) GDPR).
Benchmarking
Hotjar reserves the right to use and retain Data in a de-identified and/or aggregated form to improve Our Site and/or Platform and for statistical and benchmarking purposes, including enabling comparisons within the same industry to enhance the insights collected through Our Site and Platform. Benchmarks look at all collected metrics and compare them to others of the same nature. These de-identified and/or aggregated benchmarks may be published and shared publicly within Our Platform or in the form of other content We publish which may show a summary of results for a certain category or question type.
No Data which can individually identify Our Customers, or their end-users, Our Users or Our Testers will ever be shown in this statistical or benchmark data.
The legal basis for aggregating/anonymizing this Personal Data is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR.
Intra-group sharing of User and visitor Data
Hotjar is part of the Content Square SAS group (“
Contentsquare
”) which is headquartered in Paris, France. In the course of our normal operations, Hotjar may share Data (e.g. name and contact details, etc.) of Users of Hotjar accounts, Testers, and visitors of Our Site (hotjar.com) with Contentsquare.
The purpose of sharing this Data is to pursue synergies in sales and marketing, which is in both Hotjar’s and Contentsquare’s legitimate commercial interests. The legal basis of this Data processing is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR. Hotjar and Contentsquare are jointly responsible for these processing activities (so-called joint controllership). If you would like more information in this regard or would like to exercise your rights as described in this Privacy Policy, please contact Us at dpo@hotjar.com.
Other Purposes with Your Consent
In some cases, We may ask you for consent to collect, use or share Personal Data for other purposes. For example, We may ask you for consent to send marketing emails where required by law or to post testimonials or endorsements. In such cases, there will always be the ability to deny or revoke consent if desired. The legal basis for the data processing is under Article 6(1)(a) GDPR.
Duration of Processing
Unless a different timeframe has been specifically stated in this Privacy Policy or in
Our Pricing Page,
Personal Data will be retained for as long as is necessary for the purpose(s) for which We originally collected it or to provide Our Platform, resolve disputes, establish legal defenses, conduct audits, pursue legitimate business purposes, and enforce Our Agreement. We may also retain information as required by Applicable Law.
International Transfers of Personal Data
In most cases, Personal Data We collect is stored in the EU. However, in some limited cases, customer information may be accessed from, or other Personal Data (e.g., email, etc.) may be transferred outside of the EU. These countries may have different data protection laws. Hotjar endeavors to ensure appropriate safeguards are in place requiring that Personal Data will remain protected. Hotjar has concluded Standard Contractual Clauses with entities who We share Personal Data with outside of the EU. Further details about this can be found in Our article on
Data Storage
.
Children’s Information
Hotjar’s Platform is not directed to children under 13 (or other age as required by local law), and We do not knowingly collect Personal Data from children. If you learn that your child has provided Us with Personal Data without your consent, you may contact Us at dpo@hotjar.com. If We learn that We have collected a child’s Personal Data in violation of Applicable Law, We will promptly take steps to investigate this, delete such information and, if applicable, terminate the child’s account. We will also make sure to have preventive measures in place for this not to happen again in the future.
Rights over Personal Data
If you are a visitor to Our Site or a Customer, User and/or Tester of Our Platform and We have collected Personal Data about you, you have a right to access and to be informed about what Personal Data is processed by Hotjar, a right to rectification/correction, erasure/anonymization and restriction of processing (subject to certain exceptions and other requirements prescribed by law). You also have the right to receive from Hotjar a structured, common and machine-readable format of Personal Data you provided Us.
When you have provided consent, you may withdraw it at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of the processing that was carried out prior to withdrawing it. Whenever you withdraw consent, you acknowledge and accept that this may have a negative influence on the quality of Our Site and/or Platform. Please be aware that when you withdraw consent, We may delete the Personal Data previously processed on the basis of your consent and will not be allowed to keep it further which will mean that it cannot be accessed, downloaded or otherwise secured by you.
In addition, you have the right to lodge a complaint with your respective data protection authority.
To protect your privacy, We take steps to verify your identity before fulfilling your request. We can only identify you via your email address and we can only adhere to your request and provide information if We have Personal Data about you through you having made contact with Us directly and/or you are using Our Site and/or Platform.
To protect your privacy, We will take steps to verify your identity before fulfilling any consumer request under the Applicable Law. When you make a request, We will ask you to provide sufficient information that allows Us to reasonably verify you are the person We collected Personal Data about or an authorized representative, which may include your email address.
If You are located in California…
This section only applies to Our processing of Personal Data as a “business” under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA).
The CCPA provides California residents with the right to know what
Categories of Personal Data
Hotjar has collected about them and whether Hotjar disclosed that Personal Data for a business purpose (e.g. to a service provider) in the preceding twelve (12) months.
If you are a California resident and would like to exercise any of your rights under the CCPA, please contact Us at
dpo@hotjar.com
. We will process your request in accordance with the Applicable Laws.
Sales of Personal Information Under the CCPA.
For purposes of the CCPA, Hotjar does not “sell” Personal Data, nor do We have actual knowledge of any “sale” of Personal Data of minors under 16 years of age.
Non-Discrimination.
California residents will have the right to exercise the rights conferred to them by the CCPA.
Authorized Agent.
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request under the CCPA. If applicable, you may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child. To designate an authorized agent, please contact Us at
dpo@hotjar.com
.
If You are located in Brazil…
This section only applies to Our processing of Personal Data under the Brazilian
Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados
(LGPD).
In addition to the rights described above, you also have the right to:
access your Personal Data processed by Hotjar;
unless restricted by law, request information about the public and private entities with which We have shared your Personal Data;
oppose to the processing carried out; and/or
receive information about the possibility of not providing your consent and the consequences of such denial.
If you are a Brazilian resident or were in Brazil when your Personal Data was collected and would like to exercise any of your rights under the LGPD, please contact Us at
dpo@hotjar.com
. We will process your request in accordance with the Applicable Laws.
Personal Data collected from a visitor of a Hotjar Enabled Site
This section applies to Personal Data sent to Hotjar from Our Customers about visitors to their site using Our Platform (i.e. a Hotjar Enabled Site).
When an end-user visits a Hotjar Enabled Site, the Hotjar Enabled Site’s privacy policy will apply to the Personal Data collected and not this Privacy Policy.
This section should always be read in conjunction with the specific privacy policy of the Hotjar Enabled Site which will contain further details regarding the processing of your Personal Data by the Hotjar Enabled Site.
When making use of Our Platform, Our Customers are bound by Our Privacy Policy, Our
Terms of Service
, and Our
Acceptable Use Policy
. You can get more information about Hotjar by visiting
Our Site
.
If you are a visitor to a Hotjar Enabled Site, Hotjar may temporarily process your IP address so that We can ensure Our service is running smoothly and improve the quality of Our Platform. Any IP addresses We process are used exclusively for associated performance metrics (i.e. data related to how well Our Platform performs on the Hotjar Enable Site) and to monitor and track application errors. For this purpose, We may temporarily store your IP address with Hotjar’s
Sub-Processors
which are subject to strict obligations of confidentiality and will process it only according to Our instructions. We will never access these IP addresses without any operational or security need. We automatically delete any IP addresses We process or store within thirty (30) calendar days. The legal basis for this data processing is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR.
Some Hotjar Customers may have the ability to integrate Data they have collected through Our Platform with other end-user data they have in their possession (e.g. their customer information).
Depending on the web browser you use, it might be possible for you to disallow Hotjar from collecting Data when visiting a Hotjar Enabled Site. To discover if your web browser offers this functionality visit Our
Do Not Track page
.
Please note that We cannot respond to any requests from end-users of Hotjar Enabled Sites related to their Personal Data, including requests to provide, rectify or delete any end-user Personal Data. Any requests from end users of Hotjar Enabled Sites related to Customer Personal Data should be sent to the relevant Hotjar Customer.
Previous Versions of this Privacy Policy
Version 7.1 (
compare markup changes between version 7 and 7.1
)
Cookies on hotjar.com website
We use cookies to provide visitors with the best possible experience on our website. These include analytics, functionality, and targeting cookies, which may also be used in our marketing efforts. Click the button to agree to the use of cookies or click ‘Cookie settings’ to manage your preferences.
Cookie Policy
Cookie settings
Reject All
Accept
Manage Consent Preferences for Hotjar.com
Cookies help us understand how visitors use our website so we can provide an enhanced browsing experience. For more information on the cookies we use, see our
Cookie Policy
Allow All
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms.    You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookies Details‎
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages.    If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Details‎
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site.    All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookies Details‎
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites.    They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-policy 5
https://vimeo.com/privacy:
Solutions
Video marketing
Power your marketing strategy with perfectly branded videos to drive better ROI.
Event marketing
Host virtual events and webinars to increase engagement and generate leads.
Employee communication
Inspire employees with compelling live and on-demand video experiences.
Video monetization
Build a site and generate income from purchases, subscriptions, and courses.
Features
Create
Interactive video
Live stream
Screen recorder
Create video maker
Online video editor
Hire a video pro
Manage
Video library
Ad-free player
Video hosting
Privacy
Grow
Small business
Enterprise
Webinars
Video analytics
Video monetization
DEMO VIDEOS
Get to know everything Vimeo can do for your business.
Watch now
Resources
Learn
Vimeo blog
Video School
Customer stories
Investor Relations
Connect
Developer tools
Partner program
Creative community
Help center
Watch
Best of the Year
Browse Videos
Staff Picks
Categories
Channels
On Demand
Pricing
Contact Sales
Log in
Join
Help
Pricing
Log in
Join
Settings
Language
Mature content filter
Watch
More
Vimeo OTT
On Demand
Stock
Vimeo Experts
For Hire
Referrals
Legal
Terms
Privacy
U.S. State Privacy
Copyright
Cookies
Log in
Join
Login
Solutions
Power your marketing strategy with perfectly branded videos to drive better ROI.
Host virtual events and webinars to increase engagement and generate leads.
Inspire employees with compelling live and on-demand video experiences.
Build a site and generate income from purchases, subscriptions, and courses.
Features
Interactive video
Live stream
Screen recorder
Create video maker
Online video editor
Hire a video pro
Video library
Ad-free player
Video hosting
Privacy
Small business
Enterprise
Webinars
Video analytics
Video monetization
Resources
Vimeo blog
Video School
Customer stories
Investor Relations
Developer tools
Partner program
Creative community
Help center
Watch
Pricing
Contact Sales
Search
Search
Upload
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Copyright
Cookies
Desktop site
Language
English
Español
Deutsch
Français
日本語
Português
한국어
FAQ
Help
TM + © 2025 Vimeo.com, Inc.
Sub-policy 6
https://www.snap.com/en-US/privacy/privacy-policy/:
Privacy
Privacy
Privacy Center
Privacy Principles
Privacy by Product
Privacy Policy
Teens on Snapchat
Snap and Ads
Privacy Through Security
We've updated our Privacy Policy, effective April 7, 2025. You can view the prior Privacy Policy, which applies to all users until April 7, 2025,
here
.
Privacy Policy
Effective: April 7, 2025
Welcome to
Snap Inc.
’s Privacy Policy. This Policy explains how we collect and use your data and how you can control your information. Looking for a quick summary on our privacy practices? Check out this
page
or this
video
. If you’re looking for specific product privacy information, for example, how we process your Chats and Snaps, take a look at our
Privacy by Product
page. In addition to these documents, we also show in-app notices that provide you more information about our products and services. And if you’re a Spectacles user you can learn more on how we collect and use your data in the
Spectacles Supplemental Privacy Policy
.
Transparency is one of our core values at Snap. We believe there shouldn’t be any surprises about the data we collect and how we use it — that’s why we’re upfront with how we process it. For example, we process your information to provide you a more personalized experience, including to show you content and information that is most relevant to your experience, as well as more relevant advertisements. Understanding your interests and preferences help us provide a better product experience.
Furthermore, we believe a personalized experience should not come at the expense of your privacy. Just like in real life, there are some moments you want to share privately with your close friends, and others that you want to share publicly. That’s why from day one our philosophy has been to delete content by default and to give Snapchatters control by providing the tools that allow them to decide what happens with their content, like who to share it with or when to save it.
This Policy covers our Snapchat app as well as our other products, services, and features, such as Bitmoji, Spectacles, and our advertising and commerce initiatives. When you read "Services" in this Policy, we’re talking about all of them. Also, if you see us refer to our "Terms," we mean the
Terms of Service
that you agree to when you sign up for our Services. Finally, if you see the term "Snapchatter" we are often using that as shorthand for any user of our Services.
Let’s get started with the controls you have over your information:
Control Over Your Information
Control over your information and settings is a core part of Snapchat experience. You can access, update, and delete your information, decide who can contact you, and download your data from within the Snapchat app. Below, we give you more details on the types of settings that are available, link out to our data download tool, and provide instructions on how to delete data or your account.
We want you to be in control of your information, so we provide you with a range of tools, including:
Access and update your information.
You can access and edit most of your basic account information right in our Services. Just navigate to your settings and you will see the options available to you.
Delete your information.
If you want to delete your account, learn how
here
. You can also delete some information within our Services, like content you’ve saved to Memories, content you’ve shared with My AI, Spotlight submissions, and more.
Control who can see your content.
We’ve built a number of tools that let you choose who you share your content with. In some cases you may want to share content with your friends, and in other instances you may want to share it with the public. To learn more, go
here
.
Control who can contact you.
Snapchat is intended for close friends and family, that’s why we’ve built controls that help you decide who can contact you. If you receive unwanted communications, you can always
block
and
report
that person. Go
here
to learn more.
Change your permissions.
In most cases, you can change your permissions at any time. For example,  by default you are findable to others through your phone number and/or email address that you provided. If you no longer want to be findable, you can always change your settings. Or if you provided access to your phone or third party platform contacts to make friending easier, you can change that later on in your app settings. Of course, if you do that, certain features and Services, like finding friends in your contact book, won’t work.
Opt out of promotional messages.
You have the option to opt out or unsubscribe from promotional emails and messages sent by SMS or other messaging platforms. To do so, just follow the instructions in the message like an unsubscribe link or similar functionality.
Download your data.
You can make a request in our
Download My Data
tool to export a copy of your Snapchat information.
Object to processing.
Depending on where you live and the particular data we are processing, you may have the right to object to our processing of that information. This gets a bit technical, so we’ve explained it in more detail
here
.
Set advertising preferences.
We try to show you ads that we think will be relevant to your interests, but if you’d like to have a less personalized experience, you can change your advertising settings in the Snapchat app. Learn more
here
.
Tracking.
If you use an iPhone with iOS 14.5 or above, some specific requirements apply, which we’ve specified
here
.
Information We Collect
This section provides you with details on what information we collect: what you provide to us, what we collect when you use Snapchat, and information we receive from other companies or apps you’ve connected to your Snapchat account. Sometimes, we may also collect additional information, with your permission.
When you use our Services, such as Snapchat, we collect information you provide to us, generate information when you use our Services, and in some cases receive data from others. Let’s break these down in more detail.
Information You Provide
Many of our Services require you to set up an account. To do this, we ask you to provide us with
account details
(information about you, like your name, username, email address, birthday, and phone number). When you set up your profile, you’ll also provide us with
profile details
(like your Bitmoji and profile picture). If you use our commerce products to buy something, like those latest sneakers, we may ask you for
payment and related information
(like your physical address, so we can ship the product to you, payment information, so we can process the payment, and transaction history).
Of course, you’ll also provide us with information you send through or save within our Services, including content and information about that content, and content you share and generate with our
AI Features
(content, or “Inputs,” including text, images, video, audio, precise location, and engagement, used to generate content and responses, or “Outputs”). We consider some of this information to be
private content and communications
(like Snaps and Chats with friends, voice and video calls, and content that is saved in My Eyes Only). Or content you share with a particular audience like
private & friend stories
(My Story set to Friends, Private Stories). On the other end of the spectrum, some of the information you send through or save within our Services may be
public content
that is accessible to everyone (such as Public Story content, including My Story set to Everyone, Shared Stories, and Community Stories, Spotlight or Snap Map submissions, and Public Profile information). Keep in mind that Snapchatters who view your Snaps, Chats, and any other content, can always screenshot that content, save it, or copy it outside the Snapchat app. So please don’t send messages or share content that you wouldn’t want someone to save or share.
Lastly, when you
contact Support
(content and communications shared with Support) or our Safety team, or communicate with us in any other way, including through our
research efforts
(like responses to surveys, consumer panels, or other research questions) we’ll collect whatever information you provide or that we need to resolve your question.
Information We Generate When You Use Our Services
When you use our Services, we collect information about which of those Services you’ve used and how you’ve used them. This helps us better understand the way our community uses our Services so that we can make improvements.
This includes
usage information
(information about how you interact with our Services — for example, which Lenses you view and apply, your premium subscriptions, Stories you watch, and how often you interact with other Snapchatters) and
content information
(information about content you create or provide, your engagement with the camera and creative tools, your interactions with My AI, and metadata — for example, information about the content itself like the date and time it was posted and who viewed it).
Content information
includes information based on the content of the image, video, or audio — so if you post a Spotlight of a basketball game, we may use that information to show you more content on Spotlight about basketball.
This also includes
device information
(such as your hardware or software, operating system, device memory, advertising identifiers, apps installed, browser type, information from device sensors that measure the motion of your device or compasses and microphones, including whether you have headphones connected, and information about your wireless and mobile connections),
location information
(IP address),
information collected by cookies and similar technologies
, depending on your settings, (cookies,
pixels
(small graphic data that recognize user activity, such as if and how often a user has visited a website), web storage, unique advertising identifiers), and
log information
(such as details about how you’ve used our Services, access times, pages viewed, IP address, and unique identifiers like cookies).
If you’ve explicitly granted device-level permissions,
device information
may also include information about your
device phonebook
(contacts and related information), images and other information from your device’s
camera, photos, and microphone
(like the ability to take photos, videos, view stored photos and videos, and access the microphone to record audio while recording video), and
location information
(precise location through methods like GPS signals).
Data We Receive From Others
The last category of data we collect is information about you that we may receive from others, such as other users, our
affiliates
, and third parties. This includes
linked third-party service data
(information we get when you link your Snapchat account to another service),
data from advertisers
(information from advertisers, app developers, publishers, and other third parties to help target or measure the performance of ads),
contact info from other Snapchatters or third parties
(if another Snapchatter uploads their contact list which includes your information, we may combine that with other information we have about you to better understand who you may want to communicate with. Or, if you provide us with your contact information, we may use that to determine if we can communicate with you in other ways, like SMS, email, or other messaging services), and
data relating to potential violations of our Terms
(we may receive information from third parties, including website publishers, social network providers, law enforcement, and others, about potential violators of our Terms of Service and Community Guidelines).
Other Information, With Your Permission
Additionally, there may be instances when you interact with our Services that we will ask your permission to collect additional information. For example, before accessing your device’s camera roll or your device or third party contact book.
How We Use Information
This section explains how we use the information we collect. Among other things, we use the information we collect to provide you with personalized products and Services that we work hard to build and improve. Below, we walk through each purpose for which we use information in detail. If you’d like to see a mapping of the data we collect with the purposes for which we collect it, we have a table
here
.
Keep Things Up & Running (i.e., operate, deliver, and maintain our Services)
We use the information we collect in order to operate, deliver, and maintain our Services. For example, by delivering a Snap you want to send to a friend or, if you share your location on Snap Map, to show you suggestions like places you might like in your neighborhood, content others have posted to the Map, or your friends if they’re sharing their location with you. We also use some of your information to help keep our products up to date, for example to make sure that our Services work with the latest operating systems and devices.
Personalize Your Experience & Give Context
We offer personalized Services to Snapchatters. One of the ways we do this is by showing you content that is relevant to you or we think you may enjoy based on the information you share with us. To do so, we use information about you across different areas of the Services in order to add context to your Snapchat experience. For example, we automatically tag content with labels based on the content, your location, or the time of day. So if there's a dog in the photo, it may be searchable in Memories by the term “dog,” show up on the Map at the location where you created the Memory, and inform us that you’re into dogs so we can surface you fun dog videos and dog food ads in other parts of our Services, such as Spotlight.
Personalization can also help with suggesting friends or recommending a new friend to send a Snap to based on who you Snap with the most. We may show recommended places on the Snap Map, generate stickers, or even generate Snaps and other content using AI, infer your interests based on your content or activity, or customize the content we show you, including ads. For example, if you watch barista content on Spotlight, talk to My AI about your favorite espresso machine, or save a lot of coffee-related Snaps in your Memories, we may highlight coffee shops on the Snap Map when you visit a new city or show you content about coffee that you may find interesting or relevant. Or, if you interact with a lot of music venues we may use that to show you ads for upcoming shows in town. Personalization also includes tailoring your experience based on
who you interact with most and
what your friends are doing, including showing you content your friends create, like, or enjoy on Spotlight or Place recommendations that are popular with your friends.
Our goal is to continuously provide you with more relevant and interesting content.
For example, if you watch a lot of sports content, but skip content with hair and makeup tips, our recommendation algorithms will prioritize sports, but not those makeup tips. You can learn more about how we understand Snapchatter preferences and rank and moderate content
here
.
We believe it is critical to also balance the benefits of personalization with our Snapchatters’ expectations of privacy. For example, we may automatically tag the Snaps you save to Memories based on the content within it (e.g., the Snap contained a dog), and then use that tag to personalize your experience, make recommendations, or show you ads (such as showing you Spotlight Snaps containing dogs). We do not use the
private content and communications
you send to your friends to personalize your experience, make recommendations, or show you ads.
Provide Relevant Ads
Another way we provide a personalized Service is through the ads we show. We use your interests and preferences from the information we’ve collected to personalize, target, and measure ads. We think ads are best when they’re relevant. That’s why we try to select the right ads and show them to you at the right time. For example, if you’ve interacted with ads for video games, we will infer that you like video games, and show you similar ads, but those won’t be the only ads you see. Similar to our content strategy, we try to ensure you receive a variety of ads. We also use your information to avoid showing you ads you probably won’t be interested in. For example, if a ticketing site tells us you’ve previously bought tickets for a movie — we can stop showing you ads for it. You can learn about the different types of advertising and your choices about which ads you receive
here
.
You can learn more about how we collect, use, and share your information for advertising purposes
here
.
A note about
information collected by cookies and other technologies
: we may use these technologies to collect information when you interact with Services we offer through one of our partners. For example, we may use information collected on an advertiser’s website to show you more relevant ads. Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually remove or reject browser cookies through the settings on your browser or device. Keep in mind, though, that removing or rejecting cookies could affect the availability and functionality of our Services. To learn more about how we and our partners use cookies on our Services and your choices, please check out our
Cookie Policy
.
Develop & Improve Features, Algorithms & Machine Learning Models
Our teams are constantly coming up with new ideas for features and ways to improve our Services. In order to do this, we also develop and improve the algorithms and
machine learning models
(an expression of an algorithm that combs through significant amounts of data to find patterns or make predictions) that make our features and Services work, including through
generative AI features
(artificial intelligence capable of generating text, images, or other media, using generative models. Generative AI models learn the patterns and structure of their input training data and then generate new data that has similar characteristics). We use algorithms and
machine learning models
for personalization, advertising, safety and security, fairness and inclusivity, augmented reality, and to prevent abuse or other Terms of Service violations. For example, our algorithms and
machine learning models
take into account the conversations Snapchatters are having with My AI to improve the responses from My AI.
Your information can help us decide what kind of improvements we should make, but we are always focused on privacy — and we don’t want to use more of your personal information than necessary to develop our features and models.
Analytics
In order to understand what to build or how to improve our Services, we need to understand trends and demand for our features. For example, we monitor metadata and trends about Group Chat use to help decide whether we should change parts of the feature, like the maximum size of a Group. Studying data from Snapchatters can help us see trends in the ways that people use the Services. This helps inspire us to improve Snapchat on a larger scale. We perform analytics in order to identify, monitor, and analyze trends and usage. Based on this information, we will, among other things, create information about our users to help us understand demand.
Research
We conduct research to better understand general consumer interests, trends, and how our Services are used by you and others in our community. This information, along with analytics (as we described above), helps us understand more about our community and about how our Services fit into the lives of those in our community. We also engage in research and development to develop new techniques and technologies (e.g., new
machine learning models
or hardware, such as Spectacles). The results of our research are sometimes used in features on Snapchat, and we sometimes publish papers about things like overall behaviors and consumer trends (which will only have aggregated data across our user base, and not contain any private information about you specifically).
Enhance the Safety & Security of Our Services
We use your information to enhance the safety and security of our Services, verify Snapchatter identity, and prevent fraud or other unauthorized or illegal activity. For example, we provide two-factor authentication to help protect your account and can send you email or text messages if we notice any suspicious activity. We also scan URLs sent on Snapchat to see if that webpage is potentially harmful, and can give you a warning about it.
Contacting You
Sometimes we’ll get in touch with you to promote new or existing features. This includes sending Snapchatters communications through Snapchat, email, SMS, or other messaging platforms, where permitted. For example, we may use the Snapchat app, email, SMS, or other messaging platforms to share information about our Services and promotional offers that we think may interest you.
Other times, we need to communicate with you to provide information, alerts, or to send messages our users ask us to deliver at their request. This may include sending communications through Snapchat, email, SMS, or other messaging platforms, where permitted, to deliver account status updates, security alerts, and Chat or friending reminders; it may also include fulfilling our user’s request to send invites or Snapchat content to non-Snapchatters.
Support
When you ask for help, we want to get you support as quickly as possible. In order to provide you, the Snapchatter community, and our business partners with the help needed to resolve issues with our Services, we often need to use the information we have collected to respond.
Enforce Our Terms & Policies
We use the data we collect to enforce our Terms and the law. This includes enforcing, investigating, and reporting conduct that violates our Terms, policies, or the law, responding to requests from law enforcement, and complying with legal requirements. For example, when unlawful content is posted on our Services, we may need to enforce our Terms and other policies. In some cases, we may also use or share your information to cooperate with law enforcement requests, escalate safety issues to law enforcement, industry partners, or others, or comply with our legal obligations. Check out our
Transparency Report
to learn more.
Other Purposes, With Your Permission
Additionally, there may be instances when you interact with our Services that we will ask for your permission to use your information in a new, different, or otherwise specific way.
How We Share Information
This section explains who we share information with, what that information may include, and the reasons for sharing that information, including when we need to transfer it outside of the country it was collected from.
Recipients & Reasons for Sharing
Snapchat.
To provide our Services to you and our community, we may share your information with your friends on Snapchat or other Snapchatters. For example, the content you post to Stories, or your status as a premium subscriber, can be viewed by your Friends if you allow them. See the
Control Over Your Information
section and your Settings for the controls you have over who sees what and when.
Family Center Participants.
When you have enabled Family Center, we share information about the connected teen account to the parent or guardian to provide insight about how the account is used, for example, who your Friends are on Snapchat or which friends you may be sharing your location with. We do not share message content.
Learn more
.
Public.
Most of the features on Snapchat are private and for Friends only, but we also offer public features that allow you to opt in to showcase your best Snaps to the world, such as Spotlight, Snap Map, or your Public Profile. When you do this, those Snaps may also be discoverable outside of Snapchat, for example on the web. Some information, like your username and Bitmoji, are visible to the public.
Learn more
.
Third-Party Apps.
Sometimes we provide features that allow you to connect with third-party apps. If you decide to connect your Snapchat account with a third-party app, we will share any additional information you direct us to.
Service Providers.
We share your information with our service providers, who process that information on our behalf. For example, we rely on such Service Providers to facilitate payments, measure and optimize the performance of ads, or protect the services. We do not share private communications with them. We maintain a list of categories of service providers
here
.
Business and Integrated Partners.
We share your information with business and integrated partners in order to provide the Services. For example, you can use OpenTable within Snapchat to reserve a table. This does not include private communications. We maintain a list of these partners
here
.
Anti-Fraud Partners.
We share your information, such as device and usage information, with industry partners working to prevent fraud.
Legal, Safety, and Security Partners.
We share your information as necessary for the following legal, safety, and security reasons:
comply with any valid legal process, governmental request, or applicable law, rule, or regulation.
investigate, remedy, or enforce potential Terms of Service and Community Guidelines violations.
protect the rights, property, or safety of us, our users, or others.
detect and resolve any fraud or security concerns.
Affiliates.
Snap Inc.
consists of different
subsidiaries
owned by us. We may share your information within those internal subsidiaries as needed to carry out our Services.
For the purposes of a Merger or Acquisition.
If we were to sell or negotiate to sell our business to a buyer or possible buyer, we may transfer your information to a successor or affiliate as part of that transaction.
Integrated Partners
Our Services may contain content and integrations offered by our integrated partners. Examples include integrations in Lenses, Camera editing tools, to provide Scan results, and third-party developer integrations. Through these integrations, you may be providing information to the integrated partner as well as to Snap. We are not responsible for how those partners collect or use your information. As always, we encourage you to review the privacy policies of every third-party service that you visit or use, including those third parties you interact with through our Services. You can learn more about our integrations in Snapchat
here
.
On iOS we use Apple’s TrueDepth camera to improve the quality of Lenses. Note, however, that this information is used in real time — we don’t store this information on our servers or share it with third parties.
International Data Transfers
Our Services connect you with your friends around the world. To make that possible, we may collect your personal information from, transfer it to, and store and process it in the United States or other countries outside of where you live. Whenever we share information outside of where you live, we ensure safeguards are in place to protect the data as required by law where you live. If you want to learn more about this, see the
Region Specific Information
section for more details.
How Long We Keep Your Information
In this section we provide you with information on how long we keep your information, why we keep your information, and also highlight how we may need to keep your information to comply with laws, courts, and other obligations.
As a general rule, we keep information as long as you tell us to, and otherwise as long as we need it to provide our Services, or as required by law. For example, if you store something in Memories, we will keep it as long as you need it, but when you Chat with a friend, our systems are designed to delete Chats you send within 24 hours after your friend reads it (
unless you’ve changed your default settings or decide to save it
). Whether we retain your data depends on the specific feature, your settings, and how you’re using the Services. Here are some more factors we consider when we decide how long to keep your information:
If we need the information to operate or provide our Services. For example, we store your basic
account details
— like your name, phone number, and email address — to maintain your account.
To do the things you expect from our Services and as we’ve described within this Privacy Policy. For example, we maintain your list of friends until you ask us to delete them since friends are key to expressing yourself.
Similarly, we keep your shared list of contacts until you ask us to remove them in our app settings (note: updating your device permissions may not remove the contacts you’ve previously shared with Snapchat).
Learn more
.
Conversely, Snaps and Chats sent in Snapchat will be deleted by default from our servers within 24 hours after we detect they’ve been opened by all recipients or have expired, unless you’ve changed your default settings or decide to save something, in which case we will honor your choices.
The information itself. For example, we store location information for different lengths of time based on how precise it is and which Services you use. If location information is associated with a Snap — like those saved to Memories or posted to Snap Map or Spotlight — we’ll retain that location as long as we store the Snap. Pro tip: You can see the location data we retain about you by
downloading your data
.
How long we need to retain the information to comply with certain legal obligations.
If we need it for other legitimate purposes, such as to prevent harm, investigate possible violations of our Terms of Service or other policies, investigate reports of abuse, or protect ourselves or others.
Take a look at our
Privacy by Product
page and
support page
for details on the specific retention periods for products.
Although our systems are designed to delete some of your information automatically, we cannot promise that deletion will take place by a specific time.
In some cases we need to comply with legal requirements to store your data which stops us from deleting your information. For example, if we receive a notice from a court asking us to keep a copy of your content. Other reasons we may keep a copy of your data are if we get reports of abuse or other Terms or policy violations, or if your account, content created by you, or content created with other Snapchatters is flagged by others or our systems for abuse or other Terms or policy violations. Finally, we may also keep certain information in backup for a limited period of time or as required by law.
For the latest information about how long we store different types of content, check out our
Support Site
.
Region Specific Information
Depending on where you live, you may have additional rights, this section provides more details on region specific information.
We do our best to keep our policies as simple as possible, but depending on where you live, you have some additional rights or there may be specific information that you should be aware of. Please take a look at the list below to see if any apply to you!
Australia
Brazil
Canada
Europe
Mexico
South Korea
Turkey
United States
Note:
The U.S. State Privacy Notice applies only if you are a resident of certain U.S. states that have implemented state-level privacy laws.
Some jurisdictions require that we state our legal basis for processing data for particular purposes. You can find that information
here
.
Our Audience
Our Services are directed to individuals 13 years and older.
Our Services are not directed to children under the age of 13, and you must confirm that you are 13 years or older in order to create an account and use our Services. If we have actual knowledge that you are under the age of 13 (or the minimum age at which a person may use the Services in your state, province, or country without parental consent, if greater), we will stop providing Services to you and delete your account and data.
In addition, we may also limit how we collect, use, and store some of the information of Snapchatters under 18. In some cases, this means we will be unable to provide certain functionality to people under the age of 18.
Updates to the Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time, and will give you a heads up if we make any changes we think you should know about.
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. But when we do, we’ll let you know one way or another. Sometimes, we’ll let you know by revising the date at the top of the Privacy Policy that’s available on our website and mobile application. Other times, we may provide you with additional notice (such as adding a statement to our websites’ homepages or providing you with an in-app notification).
Contact Us
Have any questions about the information here
or wish to contact our Data Protection Officer (DPO)
? You can contact us
here
.