Privacy Policy
Collection and Use of Personal Data
Our application uses Firebase and AdMob to provide essential features and advertising services. We want to inform you about how your personal data is collected and used.
Types of Collected Data
We collect the following types of data:
Unique device identifiers
Application usage data
Purposes of Collection
The data mentioned above is collected for the purpose of:
Improving the performance and user experience of the application
Providing targeted and relevant advertisements through AdMob (If you authorize it)
Data Processing and Storage
The collected data is processed securely and stored on Firebase servers. We take appropriate measures to ensure the security of your information.
Sharing with Third Parties
Data may be shared with third parties solely for the purpose of providing services related to the application, including Firebase and AdMob.
Search engine
Searching for a recipe from the My Recipe Box app is provided by Google Inc. You acknowledge and agree to abide by Google's privacy policy (available at
http://www.google.com/privacy.html
) in connection with the use of the Search Box. By using the Search Box, you agree that Google uses your personal data in accordance with its privacy policy.
Cookies
What are cookies?
Cookies are text files that are placed and stored on the hard drive of your terminal (computer, Smartphone, tablet or any other device that can be used to browse the internet) by a website server.
Some of these cookies are required to access some site functionalities. Others are used to record statistics and site visit figures (number of visitors to each page, geographical origin of the devices used to visit the site, etc.) and statistics concerning the consultation and use of various elements present on the site (sections and content browsed, duration of visit, etc.). They can also be used to provide additional services such as the sharing of content on a website via social networking sites.
You are not obliged to accept the use of cookies and can choose to refuse them by changing your internet browser settings
Use of cookies on the site
My Recipe Box cookies
These cookies are used to remember your preferences
Google Analytics audience measurement cookies
These cookies are used to help measure cross-sectionally the activity of our visitors on the site.
Adsense advertising cookies
These third-part cookies are used by advertising agencies to help us personalize the advertisements that are presented to you during your consultation.
Social network sharing cookies
These cookies offer you features to share some of the content published on the site through social networking sites
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.google.com/privacy.html:
