Calabrio Mobile App
Terms of Use
Last Updated: September 23, 2019
These terms and conditions create a contract between Calabrio, Inc. and You, even if you are using the App on behalf of a company (the "Terms of Use"). Please read the Terms of Use carefully. By downloading, browsing, accessing, or using this Mobile Application (the "App"), you agree to be bound by the Terms of Use. If you disagree with any of the terms stated herein, you must immediately discontinue your use of the App. Your continued use of the App shall constitute your ongoing acceptance of these Terms of Use. If at any time you wish to terminate these Terms of Use, you may do so at any time by closing your account and ceasing use of the App and/or the Services and Software.
1          Scope of Agreement
1.1       Scope.
These Terms of Use govern your use of Calabrio's services ("Services"), through which you have access to certain components of the Calabrio ONE software platform (the "Software") through the App, which is accessible via a mobile device or other mobile media platform. Your use of the Software is subject to those terms and conditions you entered into with Calabrio or through one of Calabrio’s authorized resellers. Your use of the App is subject to the terms and conditions of these Terms of Use.
1.2       Modifications.
Calabrio may, at any time, update these Terms of Use, provided that all material changes to the Terms of Use will be accompanied with notification to you, either through a request for you to accept the updated terms and conditions or a notice within the App. Calabrio hereby agrees that any updates to the Terms of Use shall not be applied retroactively and adherence to the new terms shall commence at the time the updates are released. Your continued use of the App following notification of updates to the Terms of Use shall be deemed your consent to such updates.
2          General Terms
2.1       Your Responsibilities.
You shall adhere to the obligations and responsibilities contained within these Terms of Use, as well as with any master services agreements and/or end user licensing agreements governing your use of the Software. You agree to ensure your mobile device has sufficient bandwidth to operate the Software and Services while using the App. You are responsible for ensuring your usernames, passwords, and other login credentials are compliant and consistent with any requirements your company has regarding technology, services, and software. You are responsible for the legality of any data you use in connection with the App. You are responsible for compliance with all federal, state, and local laws, regulations, and ordinances regarding your use of the App and your collection of any personal information while using the Software. You shall ensure your use of the App is in compliance with all applicable data privacy laws. You will reasonably cooperate with Calabrio if you identify any areas of the App which do not conform with the Documentation and/or if you reasonably believe there is any noncompliance with these Terms of Use.
2.2       Abusive or Illegal Activity.
You agree that you shall not use the App for any illegal, abusive, threatening, or harmful activity. You shall not use the App to post any libelous, defamatory, obscene, offensive, or other harmful material, nor shall use post any material that infringes any intellectual property right held by a third party. You shall ensure your use of the App is consistent with any additional agreements with Calabrio and/or an authorized reseller of Calabrio.
2.3       Right of Access.
Calabrio reserves the right to limit your use (including by terminating or suspending your use) of the App or related Services if Calabrio believes, in its sole discretion, you are (i) not in compliance with these Terms of Use (ii) misusing the App or the Services, or (iii) in violation or any applicable laws.. Calabrio will use best efforts to ensure notice is provided to you as soon as reasonably practicable following Calabrio’s restriction of your access, including a reasonable time to cure any noncompliance. Promptly upon confirming you have cured noncompliance, Calabrio will reinstate your access to the, App.
2.4       Your Account and Data.
Your account belongs to you, even if your use of the App is subject to an arrangement between Calabrio and your employer. Notwithstanding the foregoing, your employer obtained the right for you to use the App through a master agreement with Calabrio or an authorized reseller of Calabrio and, as such, your employer has all of the rights provided to it under that master agreement, as evidenced by the documentation finalized by the parties prior to making the Services and Software available.
2.5       Privacy.
Calabrio will adhere to its
Privacy Policy
for any information accessed, stored, or processed while using the App.
2.6       Service Availability.
Calabrio may update, modify, upgrade, discontinue, or otherwise change any aspect of the App, including the Services provided. Calabrio does not make any warranties regarding current or future functionalities of the components of the Services within the App. You understand that the App is made available through your mobile connections. Calabrio makes no representations or warranties that the App will run error-free or that the Services will be uninterrupted.
3          Intellectual Property
3.1
Title.
Calabrio retains sole and exclusive right to, title in, and interest to, the Services, Software, the App, and any content and/or documentation related thereto. Except for any other rights contained in these Terms of Use, you will have no right in any part of the App. All right, title, and interest in or to any copyrights, trademarks, or other proprietary rights relating to the App and any related logos and product names are reserved. You shall not obscure, alter, or modify any copyright, trademark, or other proprietary right notice on or related to the App. You hereby provide Calabrio with a perpetual, non-cancelable, worldwide, non-exclusive right to utilize any usage data, for any legitimate business purposes, provided that Calabrio will comply with any and all legal restrictions regarding the use and disclosure of such information.
3.2       Restrictions.
You shall not: (i) access or use any portion of the App except as expressly permitted in these Terms of Use; (ii) disassemble, decompile, or otherwise reverse engineer all or any portion of the App; (iii) use the App for any unlawful purposes; (iv) export the App or use the App in violation of applicable laws or regulations; or (v) modify, adapt, or use the App to develop any software application intended for resale which uses the App in whole or in part. You shall not take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on the App or its infrastructure. You shall not interfere with or attempt to interfere with the operations of the App or any activities conducted on the App, nor shall you bypass any measures Calabrio utilizes to prevent or restrict access to the App.
3.3       Third Party Content.
To the extent you utilize any apps or content are responsible for complying with any terms and conditions established by third parties in any content or applications intended to be compatible with your use of the App or the Service. Any third party apps are subject to their own terms and condition for use. To the extent permissible by law, Calabrio shall have no responsibility or liability for any third party apps or terms of use for such apps.
4          Disclaimer; Limitation of Liability
4.1       Disclaimer.
Calabrio provides  the App to you on an "As-Is" basis, without warranty of any kind. For clarity, to the fullest extent permissible by law, Calabrio hereby disclaims all implied warranties (including the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, and accuracy of data). Calabrio does not guarantee the App will operate uninterrupted or error-free.
4.2       Limitation of Liability.
Under no circumstances shall Calabrio be liable for special, indirect, punitive, incidental, consequential, or similar damages, whether an action is in contract or tort, and regardless of the theory of liability. Calabrio shall not be liable for (a) error or interruption of use or for loss or inaccuracy or corruption of any data; (b) cost of procurement of substitute goods, services, or technology; (c) loss of business or lost profits; or (d) any matter beyond Calabrio’s reasonable control. In no instance shall Calabrio’s liability for direct damages under these Terms of Use exceed the lesser of (i) the fees paid by your employer for the services for the year in which the cause of action occurred or (ii) $100,000.
5          Termination Rights
5.1       Termination.
You may terminate the Terms of Use at any time by discontinuing your use of the App and closing your account with Calabrio. Calabrio may terminate these Terms of Use at any time by providing notice to you. At the time of termination by either party, you shall stop use of the App and Services. You and Calabrio agree that the following terms and conditions shall survive any termination of the Terms of Use: (1) Section 3, "Intellectual Property," (2) Section 4, "Disclaimer; Limitation of Liability; (3) Section 6, "Confidential Information," (4) Section 7, "Governing Law," and (5) Section 8, "Miscellaneous")
6          Confidential Information
6.1       Confidential Information
. It is expected that one Party (disclosing Party) may disclose to the other Party (receiving Party) certain information which may be considered confidential and/or trade secret information ("Confidential Information").  Confidential Information shall specifically include the App, the Services, and the Software.  Confidential Information shall not include information which:  (i) is or becomes public knowledge through no fault of the receiving Party; (ii) was in the receiving Party’s possession before receipt from the disclosing Party; (iii) is rightfully received by the receiving Party from a third party without any duty of confidentiality; (iv) is disclosed by the disclosing Party without a duty of confidentiality on the third party; (v) is independently developed by the receiving Party; or (vi) is disclosed with the prior written approval of the disclosing Party. Confidential Information of disclosing Party may be disclosed in response to a valid court order or other legal process, only to the extent required by such order or process and, if allowed by law, only after the recipient has given the owner written notice of such court order or other legal process promptly and the opportunity for the owner to seek a protective order or confidential treatment of such Confidential Information.  The Parties agree to hold Confidential Information of the other Party in confidence and to protect the disclosed Confidential Information by using the same degree of care to prevent the unauthorized use, dissemination or publication of the Confidential Information as they use to protect their own Confidential Information of a like nature but in no event with less than reasonable care.  The Parties agree not to make Confidential Information of the other Party available in any form to any third party except as required to exercise the licenses granted in the Agreement (or otherwise expressly permitted therein) or to use Confidential Information of the other Party for any purpose other than for the Permitted Use of the SaaS or for fulfilling its obligations under the Agreement.  The Parties agree to restrict disclosure of the Confidential Information to those who have a "need to know" and to take all reasonable steps to ensure that Confidential Information is not disclosed or distributed in violation of the provisions of the Agreement.  Further, the Parties agree that its breach of any obligation herein may cause irreparable damage to the other Party and that the other Party shall be entitled to seek equitable remedies, in addition to other remedies hereunder or at law, in the event of such breach.
6.2       Your Feedback.
Calabrio’s obligation of confidentiality set forth in this Section 6 shall not apply to any suggestions and feedback provided by you in connection with any current or future product, service, or functionality.
6.3       Future Functionality.
You acknowledge your use of the App is not contingent on any future functionality or features, nor is it dependent on any oral or written statements of Calabrio on its vision for future functionalities or features.
7          Governing Law
7.1       European Users.
If you reside with the European Union or EMEA, you agree that your use of the App shall be governed by the laws of England and Wales, excluding conflicts of laws rules. All claims or disputes shall be resolved within the courts of England and each party hereby agrees to personal jurisdiction of the English courts.
7.2       Users outside of Europe.
If you reside within the United States of America or any other country outside of the European Union or EMEA, you agree that your use of the App shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware. All claims or disputes shall be resolved within the courts of Kent County, Delaware and each party hereby agrees to personal jurisdiction of the courts within Kent County, Delaware.
8          Miscellaneous
8.1       Notice.
Calabrio will provide notices to you within the App or Service. You agree that all notices to Calabrio shall be delivered to
legal@calabrio.com
.
8.2
Headings
.  The various Section headings of these Terms of Use are inserted only for convenience of reference and are not intended, nor shall they be construed to modify, define, limit or expand the intent of the parties.
8.3       Severability
.  If any provision of these Terms of Use are held to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason, the remaining provisions shall continue to be valid and enforceable.  If a court of competent jurisdiction finds that any provision of these Terms of Use are invalid or unenforceable, but that by limiting such provision it would become valid and enforceable, then such provision shall be deemed written, construed, and enforced as so limited.
8.4       Waiver of Contractual Right
.  The failure of either you or Calabrio to enforce any provision of these Terms of Use shall not be construed as a waiver or limitation of that party’s right to subsequently enforce and compel strict compliance with every provision of these Terms of Use.
8.5       Entire Agreement
.  These Terms of Use set forth the entire understanding of the Parties with respect to the subject matter herein, and supersede any and all prior oral and written understandings, quotations, communications and agreements.
8.6        Force Majeure
.  Calabrio shall not be liable for any failure or delay in the performance of its obligations hereunder on account of strikes, terrorist activity, shortages, riots, insurrection, fires, floods, power outages, storms, cybercrime, explosions, war, governmental action, labor conditions, earthquakes, terrorism, supplier bankruptcy or default, failure, delay or interruption by third parties, including without limitation, communications providers, or any other cause which is beyond Calabrio’s reasonable control.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.calabrio.com/privacy-policy/:
Skip to Main Content
Calabrio, Inc. Privacy Policy
Last Updated: October 2024
This Privacy Policy is provided in a layered format so you can click through to the specific sections set out below.
This Privacy Policy (hereinafter referred as the “Policy”) describes the ways in which your information is received, collected, used, or accessed through https://www.calabrio.com and other Calabrio websites that link to this Privacy Policy (hereinafter referred as the “Website”), as well as your rights with respect to your information, including your choices regarding the use, access, and correction of and to your information.
With respect to the Software (as defined below), Calabrio has different privacy-related requirements detailed in our customer agreements and, as such, the customer agreements shall prevail over this Policy in the event of conflicting language, and such customer agreements shall apply to Calabrio’s processing of personal information about our customers’ customers.
About Calabrio, Inc.
Calabrio, Inc. and its affiliates and subsidiaries (hereinafter referred as “Calabrio,” “we,” “us,” “our”) provide both cloud- and premise-based software solutions (hereinafter referred as the “Software”). The Software includes storage components and enables entities to manage information collected from customers to ensure quality customer experiences.
Data Controller
Calabrio, Inc., Delaware registration number 4420023, is the data controller of your personal information, in accordance with the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), if you are in the EEA, UK and/or Switzerland. That means that we determine the purposes and means of the processing of your information. See “Additional Information for Users in the European Economic Area Only” below for more information.
Collection of Personal Information and Purpose of Use
Personal information is any information from which you as an individual can either directly or indirectly be identified.
Information you provide to us
While using our Website, we may request or require you to provide personal information, such as your full name, address, telephone number, email address, company and/or job title and login information in order to allow the download of documents, completion of contact information forms, attendance at webinars, application for a position, booking a demo of Calabrio’s Software or registration for certain Calabrio events.
This information is utilized to promptly respond to your inquiries and to keep you informed about our products and services. We uphold the confidentiality of your data and do not share it with third parties without your explicit consent.
We may also request you to provide your contact information to send you emails and newsletters regarding our offerings and promotions. You have the option to opt out of these communications at any time. Your information remains confidential and is not shared with third parties without your consent.
If you have any queries or wish to modify or delete your information, you can contact us. See our Contact Information below.
Information we collect automatically through cookies, web beacons and other similar technologies
You provide information to us by using and navigating the screens on our Website.
Cookies are small text files that are stored within your web browser that allow Calabrio to recognize you. If your browser is set to accept cookies, then it adds the text in a small file.
Calabrio utilize cookies to enrich your browsing experience, enabling us to analyze website traffic and personalize content according to your preferences, including by: (a) tracking pages on the Website you have visited, (b) identifying visitors to the Website, (c) analyzing email campaigns, (d) tracking contact forms, and (e) tracking items you download from the Website.
You retain control over cookie management through your browser settings, though disabling certain cookies may impact the Website’s functionality.
Calabrio uses web beacons to further assist in our understanding of the behavior and preferences of our users. Web beacons are transparent graphic images placed on our Website or in our emails to establish an appreciation of the behavior of the Website visitor or of the recipient of an email, including by allowing us to know when an email has been opened. While you are unable to opt out of our use of web beacons, your preferences with respect to cookies may limit our use of web beacons.
Calabrio may use additional technologies that are similar to cookies and web beacons to further allow us to understand your use of our Website, some of which may operate across all of your browsers.
Information we collect through Third Parties
We may use third-party services for collection of personal information and/or collection of payment for purchases (e.g. leverage.swoogo.com and Pardot/Salesforce) made through our Website or for registration to certain events, in which case, you will be redirected to a webpage hosted by such third party and not by Calabrio. Third parties who are provided with or who collect personal information will be contractually obligated to use the data pursuant to Calabrio’s instructions, which shall be consistent with this Policy and which shall include requirements regarding the confidentiality of the information.
Scope and Use of Personal Information
Calabrio only uses personal information in a way that is compatible with and relevant to the purpose for which it was collected or authorized.
Calabrio may store any information collected throughout our databases and reserves the right to use the information to:
Provide the Website to you and to enable your use of the Website.
Improve the Website, including by the creation of new components or features thereof based on anonymized and aggregated information Calabrio collects pursuant to this Policy.
Send you information that may be of interest to you, including corporate announcements, information with respect to new products or enhancements, newsletters, educational materials, and event information.
Send you notices regarding the Website and our services.
Personalize your experience on the Website based on the information provided, such as displaying relevant content or recommendations.
Provide customer support and respond to inquiries, including troubleshooting technical issues and addressing user concerns.
Used for research and development purposes, including the analysis of user trends, preferences, and behaviors to improve products and services.
For details about the processing activities and the legal basis for the processing, please see Purposes and Legal Basis for Processing Your Personal Information below.
Privacy Obligations for Minors
Calabrio does not knowingly collect personal information from minors under the age of 13 through its Website. If you are the parent or guardian of a minor under the age of 13 and you are or become aware that your child has provided us with personal information without your consent, please contact Calabrio using the contact information provided in this Policy, and Calabrio will work with you regarding your requests relating to such personal information, including your requests to delete the information.
If Calabrio becomes aware that a minor under the age of 13 has provided us with personal information without consent from his or her parent or guardian, we will delete the information from our records.
Security of Personal Information
Calabrio is committed to implementing all technical and organizational measures needed to ensure the security of personal information as well as the processing and the confidentiality of your information, in compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), ISO 27001, SOC2 Type II standards as well as any new laws and implementing decrees. Therefore, Calabrio takes all the necessary security precautions with regard to the nature of your data, the risks involved in the processing in order to protect the confidentiality and the integrity of data. Security precautions include preventing data from being distorted or damaged and preventing non-authorized third parties from having access (examples: physical protection of offices, access accreditation procedure for competent staff, personal and secure personal access with confidential logins and passwords, logging connections).
International Transfer and Processing of Personal Information
Any information you provide to us, including personal information (as defined above), may be transferred and processed in the United States of America, to any Calabrio subsidiary or to
third parties that are located in various jurisdictions around the world. We primarily transfer data to the United States of America, the United Kingdom, India and EEA.
Whenever we transfer your personal information out of the EU/EEA, we ensure a similar degree of protection is afforded to it by ensuring at least one of the following safeguards is implemented:
we will only transfer your personal information to countries that have been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data by the European Commission; or
we make sure appropriate safeguards are in place such as standard contractual clauses; or an approved code of conduct or certification mechanism; or
for providers based in the USA, we may transfer information to them if they are part of the EU-US Data Privacy Framework and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework which requires them to provide similar protection to personal information shared between Europe, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, and the USA.
By using our Website or providing any personal information to us, where applicable law permits, you acknowledge and accept the transfer and processing of such information outside of your country of residence where data protection standards may be different.
Calabrio, Inc.’s compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and Swiss-U.S. DPF
Calabrio, Inc., complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Calabrio, Inc., has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.
Calabrio, Inc., has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) Program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
Please note that Calabrio, Inc. is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC).
Disclosure of Personal Information
Except as disclosed in this Policy, Calabrio will not transfer any personal information to third parties, including through the sale, rental, or trading of personal information collected pursuant to this Policy. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Calabrio may co-sponsor webinars with partners whereby information may be shared between the parties. All such co-sponsors will be identified on the registration page, including information about who the co-sponsor is and what information may be shared. Calabrio may share information with third party service providers contracted by Calabrio to provide services in connection with the Website or any
applicable services. Calabrio will use best efforts to ensure all third-party service providers are contractually bound to use information according to Calabrio’s reasonable instruction and direction.
Calabrio may disclose information to third parties if Calabrio reasonably believes disclosure is necessary to adhere to legal requirements or comply with a legal process, to protect or defend Calabrio’s property and/or intellectual property rights, to enforce this Policy or any contractually binding agreements we have with you, or to protect other users and/or third parties. This may include disclosure of personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
Calabrio may also disclose information to a third-party successor if, for example, we transfer the ownership or operation of this Website to another organization or if we merge with or are acquired by another organization or liquidate our assets. If such a transfer occurs, the successor organization’s use of your information will still be subject to this Policy and the privacy preferences you have expressed to us.
Mobile information will not be shared with third parties or affiliates for marketing or promotional purposes. Additionally, all other data categories exclude text messaging originator opt-in information and consent; this information will not be shared with any third parties.
Cookies
When you use the Website, Calabrio or a third party may place a number of cookies in your browser. Some of the cookies will only be used if you use certain features or select certain preferences, and some cookies will always be used.
Each cookie serves one of four different purposes:
Strictly Necessary Cookies: These cookies are necessary for the Website to function and can not be switched off in our systems. You can set your browser to block you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Marketing Cookies: These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not consent to these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Performance Cookies: These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not consent to these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Functional Cookies: These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalization. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not consent to these cookies, then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Your Choices
In General
We respect your right to make choices about the ways we collect, use, and disclose your information. This Policy describes some of your choices, such as your choice to opt out (and in some situations opt-in ) of receiving “cookies”. We may ask you to indicate your choices at the time and on the page where you provide your information.
Email Preferences
We will include an “opt out” link in each electronic newsletter or promotional email we send you, so that you can inform us that you do not wish to receive such communications from us in the future.
Do Not Track Mechanisms
California law requires this Policy to address how we respond to any “Do-Not-Track (‘DNT’) signal” delivered by your browser. Because of the changing state of technology and indecision within the industry regarding the meaning of DNT signals, we currently do not make any guarantee that we will honor DNT signals.
Previously Expressed Preferences
You may change previously expressed preferences regarding how we use your information. If at any time you wish to be taken off our mailing lists, please contact us using the contact information provided below.
Additional Information for Users in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom and in Switzerland
Calabrio, Inc. is a Data Controller
For the purposes of European Union data protection laws, the data controller is Calabrio, Inc. As a data controller, Calabrio determines for what purposes the personal information is processed and how it is processed.
How and Why We Use Personal Information Collected
We will only use the personal information when the law allows us to. The scope and use of personal information by Calabrio is set out in “Purposes and Legal Basis for Processing Your Personal Information” below.
Purposes and Legal Basis for Processing Your Personal Information
Your personal information is collected, processed, and used for the following purposes and legal grounds.
California and Nevada Privacy Rights
If you are a resident of
California
or
Nevada
, this section provides additional details about the personal information we collect about you, and your rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act, or “CCPA” and/or Nevada Law: SB220.
Subject to certain limitations, the CCPA provides you the right to request:
That we provide you access to details on the categories or specific pieces of personal information we collect and/or sell (including how we use and disclose this information, to whom we may sell it);
That we delete any of your personal information;
To opt out of any “sale” of your personal information that may occur; and
To not be discriminated against for exercising any of the above rights.
If you would like to submit a request to exercise your California privacy rights under the CCPA, you make such request by emailing
privacy@calabrio.com
. We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal information (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal information is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
Nevada Law: SB220 permits customers in Nevada to opt-out of the sales of certain types of personal information, via the transfer of personal information to third parties for monetary value to allow the third parties to resell or license the information.
CALABRIO DOES NOT SELL PERSONAL INFORMATION. If you would like additional information on how we use your information that is not addressed in this Privacy Policy, please email
privacy@calabrio.com
with your request.
eral
Colorado, Connecticut, Utah and Virginia Privacy Rights
If you are a resident of Colorado, Connecticut, Utah and Virginia, you have the following rights available to you:
Right to request access, correction, deletion and data portability of your personal information.
Right to opt out of the processing of your personal information for the purposes of (i) sale of personal information, or (ii) targeted advertising, or (iii) profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you.
If you would like to submit a request to exercise your rights, you make such request by emailing privacy@calabrio.com. We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal information (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal information is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
CALABRIO DOES NOT SELL PERSONAL INFORMATION. If you would like additional information on how we use your information that is not addressed in this Privacy Policy, please email privacy@calabrio.com with your request.
Links To Third Party Websites
Our Website contains links to third party websites that are not owned, managed, or controlled by Calabrio and who may have privacy policies with different standards than those contained herein. Calabrio is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of any third party website, specifically those that may collect personal information. This Policy is solely applicable to Calabrio and the information we collect on our Website and/or services.
Community Forums
Calabrio may provide you the opportunity to join community forums (the “Forums”) that can be used in connection with our extranet. The Forums may allow you to provide your personal information and create a user profile. This information may be read, collected, and used by others who access them and will be regularly monitored by Calabrio. By posting information on the Forums, you agree that the information may be accessed by individuals both internally at and externally of Calabrio. Comments and discussions will be monitored and may be accessed and deleted for technical or other reasons. Comments posted on the Forum reflect the opinions of the individual poster and should not be deemed to be the opinion of Calabrio. You may delete your own posts to the Forum or you may request Calabrio to delete posts by emailing privacy@calabrio.com or contacting us via the Contact Information section below.
Social Media
Calabrio Website includes or may include social media features, including without limitation YouTube videos and links to the platforms Facebook, X, and LinkedIn. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our Website, and may use cookies to allow the feature to function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Website. Your interactions with and use of these social media features shall be governed by the privacy policies of the company providing the feature.
Opt-Out, Amendment, and Retention of Data
If your personal information changes or if you no longer desire to use and access our Website, you may submit a request that includes the updated or modified information (or the request for deletion of the information) to privacy@calabrio.com or to the address listed in the Contact Information section of this Policy. Calabrio will strive to respond to these requests within 30 days of our receipt of the request. In the event Calabrio disagrees with the request, we will provide you with notification that includes any reason for disagreement.
For Customer accounts Calabrio will retain your information as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services or as permitted by applicable law. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services, please contact us and we will consider your request along with the requirements of applicable law.
Privacy Policy Modifications
Calabrio may, in its sole discretion and providing any notice required under applicable law, modify the terms and conditions contained within this Policy and, as such, Calabrio encourages you to review this Policy on an ongoing basis for any changes. In addition, Calabrio will notify you of any changes by email or pop-ups on the Website. Changes shall take effect as soon as they are posted to this Website. Your access to and use of this Website following any such modifications shall be deemed to be your acceptance of such terms.
Contact Information
Any questions about this Policy or Calabrio’s use of information collected from this Website should be directed to
privacy@calabrio.com
or by mail to:
Calabrio, Inc.
Attn: Legal Department
241 North 5th Avenue | Suite 1000
Minneapolis, MN 55401
United States
Recourse
In compliance with the Data Privacy Framework Principles, Calabrio, Inc., commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information.
EU, UK and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our collection or use of your personal information should first contact Calabrio at privacy@calabrio.com or at:
Calabrio, Inc.
Attn: Legal Department
241 North 5th Avenue | Suite 1000
Minneapolis, MN 55401
United States
Calabrio, Inc., has further committed to refer unresolved Data Privacy complaints to JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider located in the United States of America. If you do not receive timely acknowledgement of your complaint from us, or if we have not resolved the complaint to your satisfaction, please visit https://www.jamsadr.com/file-a-dpf-claim for more information or to file a complaint. The services provided by JAMS are provided at no cost to you.
Please note that you may, under certain conditions, invoke binding arbitration for complaints related to Data Privacy Framework compliance that are not resolved by any of the other Data Privacy Framework mechanisms. Please visit https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/ for more information.
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Accept All Cookies
Reject All
Cookies Settings
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label