Skip to content
Privacy Policy
www.flygo-aviation.com
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their ‘Personally Identifiable Information’ (PII) is being used online. PII, as described in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
If you choose to use our service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
In the following sections we describe our Privacy Policy relating to our WEBSITE and APPS (available on the AppStore).
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?
For a better experience, while using our service on our
WEBSITE
, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.
Our
APPs
do not collect personal information.
When do we collect information?
There are two cases regarding our services when users and visitors can be tracked: using our apps and visiting our website.
APPS
: We do not collect information from you in our APPs. All information in our apps are stored on users’ iOS devices that are not saved and synchronized on our website and servers. Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device’s internal memory. This service does not use these “cookies”.
WEBSITE
: We collect information from you on our WEBSITE when you….
Sign up for newsletter
Subscribe to receive teaching materials (tests, books, etc.) through email
Place an order or enter information on our site
Surf the website
Respond to survey
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To ask for ratings and reviews of services or products
To inform you about new updates of our products and / or new teaching materials through newsletter and / or remarketing banner advertisments
How do we protect your information?
We do not use vulnerability scanning and/or scanning to PCI standards.
We only provide articles and information. We never ask for credit card numbers.
We use regular Malware Scanning.
We do not use an SSL certificate
Do we use ‘cookies’?
We use cookies only on our
WEBSITE
for tracking purposes in order to enhance sufing experience.
Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since browser is a little different, look at your browser’s Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If you turn cookies off, Some of the features that make your site experience more efficient may not function properly.
Third-party disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information.
Ad services (Google, Facebook)
Google’s advertising requirements can be summed up by Google’s Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users.
https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads
Facebook’s advertising requirements can be summed up by Facebook’s Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users.
https://www.facebook.com/policies/ads/
We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old.
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
We will notify the users via in-site notification within 7 business days
We also agree to the Individual Redress Principle which requires that individuals have the right to legally pursue enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
CAN SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to:
Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions
Process orders and to send information and updates pertaining to orders.
Send you additional information related to your product and/or service
To be in accordance with CANSPAM, we agree to the following:
Not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.
Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.
Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.
Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.
Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us at
support@flygo-aviation.com and we will promptly remove you from
ALL
correspondence.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.
flygo-aviation.com
support@flygo-aviation.com