Policy summary
Personal Data processed for the following purposes and using the following services:
Advertising
AdMob and Facebook Audience Network
Personal Data: Cookies; unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example); Usage Data
Amazon Mobile Ads, AppLovin, MoPub, OpenX Ad Exchange, Flurry RTB and StartApp
Personal Data: Cookies; Usage Data
Analytics
Google Analytics for Firebase
Personal Data: Cookies; unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example); Usage Data
Device permissions for Personal Data access
Device permissions for Personal Data access
Personal Data: Calendar permission
Location-based interactions
Non-continuous geolocation
Personal Data: geographic position
Information on opting out of interest-based advertising
In addition to any opt-out feature provided by any of the services listed in this document, Users may follow the instructions provided by
YourOnlineChoices
(EU),
  the
Network Advertising Initiative
(US) and
  the
Digital Advertising Alliance
(US),
DAAC
(Canada),
DDAI
(Japan)
  or other similar initiatives. Such initiatives allow Users to select their tracking preferences for most of the advertising tools. The Owner thus recommends that Users make use of these resources in addition to the information provided in this document.
The Digital Advertising Alliance offers an application called
AppChoices
that helps Users to control interest-based advertising on mobile apps.
Users may also opt out of certain advertising features through applicable device settings, such as the device advertising settings for mobile phones or ads settings in general.
Contact information
Owner and Data Controller
Contrast Apps, LLC
402 N Guadalupe #402
San Marcos TX 78666
Owner contact email:
david@contrast.co
Full policy
Owner and Data Controller
Contrast Apps, LLC
402 N Guadalupe #402
San Marcos TX 78666
Owner contact email:
david@contrast.co
Types of Data collected
Among the types of Personal Data that this Application collects, by itself or through third parties, there are:
      Cookies; Usage Data; unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example); geographic position; Calendar permission.
Complete details on each type of Personal Data collected are provided in the dedicated sections of this privacy policy or by specific explanation texts displayed prior to the Data collection.
Personal Data may be freely provided by the User, or, in case of Usage Data, collected automatically when using this Application.
Unless specified otherwise, all Data requested by this Application is mandatory and failure to provide this Data may make it impossible for this Application to provide its services. In cases where this Application specifically states that some Data is not mandatory, Users are free not to communicate this Data without consequences to the availability or the functioning of the Service.
Users who are uncertain about which Personal Data is mandatory are welcome to contact the Owner.
Any use of Cookies – or of other tracking tools — by this Application or by the owners of third-party services used by this Application serves the purpose of providing the Service required by the User, in addition to any other purposes described in the present document.
Users are responsible for any third-party Personal Data obtained, published or shared through this Application.
Mode and place of processing the Data
Methods of processing
The Owner takes appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, or unauthorized destruction of the Data.
The Data processing is carried out using computers and/or IT enabled tools, following organizational procedures and modes strictly related to the purposes indicated. In addition to the Owner, in some cases, the Data may be accessible to certain types of persons in charge, involved with the operation of this Application (administration, sales, marketing, legal, system administration) or external parties (such as third-party technical service providers, mail carriers, hosting providers, IT companies, communications agencies) appointed, if necessary, as Data Processors by the Owner. The updated list of these parties may be requested from the Owner at any time.
Place
The Data is processed at the Owner's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located.
Depending on the User's location, data transfers may involve transferring the User's Data to a country other than their own. To find out more about the place of processing of such transferred Data, Users can check the section containing details about the processing of Personal Data.
Retention time
Unless specified otherwise in this document, Personal Data shall be processed and stored for as long as required by the purpose they have been collected for and may be retained for longer due to applicable legal obligation or based on the Users’ consent.
The purposes of processing
The Data concerning the User is collected to allow the Owner to provide its Service, comply with its legal obligations, respond to enforcement requests, protect its rights and interests (or those of its Users or third parties), detect any malicious or fraudulent activity, as well as the following:
        Advertising, Location-based interactions, Analytics and Device permissions for Personal Data access.
For specific information about the Personal Data used for each purpose, the User may refer to the section “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data”.
Device permissions for Personal Data access
Depending on the User's specific device, this Application may request certain  permissions that allow it to access the User's device Data as described below.
By default, these permissions must be granted by the User before the respective information can be accessed. Once the permission has been given, it can be revoked by the User at any time. In order to revoke these permissions, Users may refer to the device settings or contact the Owner for support at the contact details provided in the present document.
The exact procedure for controlling app permissions may be dependent on the User's device and software.
Please note that the revoking of such permissions might impact the proper functioning of this Application.
If User grants any of the permissions listed below, the respective Personal Data may be processed (i.e accessed to, modified or removed) by this Application.
Calendar permission
Used for accessing the calendar on the User's device, including the reading, adding and removing of entries.
Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data
Personal Data is collected for the following purposes and using the following services:
Advertising
This type of service allows User Data to be utilized for advertising communication purposes. These communications are displayed in the form of banners and other advertisements on this Application, possibly based on User interests.
This does not mean that all Personal Data are used for this purpose. Information and conditions of use are shown below.
Some of the services listed below may use Trackers to identify Users or they may use the behavioral retargeting technique, i.e. displaying ads tailored to the User’s interests and behavior, including those detected outside this Application. For more information, please check the privacy policies of the relevant services.
Services of this kind usually offer the possibility to opt out of such tracking. In addition to any opt-out feature offered by any of the services below, Users may learn more on how to generally opt out of interest-based advertising within the dedicated section "How to opt-out of interest-based advertising" in this document.
AdMob (Google LLC)
AdMob is an advertising service provided by AdMob Google Inc.
In order to understand Google's use of Data, consult
Google's partner policy
.
Personal Data processed: Cookies; unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example); Usage Data.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
–
Opt Out
.
Amazon Mobile Ads (Amazon)
Amazon Mobile Ads is an advertising service provided by Amazon.com, Inc.
Personal Data processed: Cookies; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  US –
Privacy Policy
.
AppLovin (AppLovin Corporation)
AppLovin is an advertising service provided by AppLovin Corporation.
Personal Data processed: Cookies; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  US –
Privacy Policy
–
Opt out
.
Facebook Audience Network (Facebook, Inc.)
Facebook Audience Network is an advertising service provided by Facebook, Inc.
In order to understand Facebook's use of Data, consult
Facebook's data policy
.
This Application may use identifiers for mobile devices (including Android Advertising ID or Advertising Identifier for iOS, respectively) and technologies similar to cookies to run the Facebook Audience Network service. One of the ways Audience Network shows ads is by using the User's ad preferences. The User can control this in the
Facebook ad settings
.
Users may opt-out of certain Audience Network targeting through applicable device settings, such as the device advertising settings for mobile phones or by following the instructions in other Audience Network related sections of this privacy policy, if available.
Personal Data processed: Cookies; unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example); Usage Data.
Place of processing:  USA –
Privacy Policy
–
Opt Out
.
MoPub (MoPub Inc.)
MoPub is an advertising service provided by MoPub Inc.
Personal Data processed: Cookies; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  US –
Privacy Policy
.
OpenX Ad Exchange (OpenX Technologies, Inc.)
OpenX Ad Exchange is an advertising service provided by OpenX Technologies, Inc.
The service provides an ad exchange platform that facilitates the optimization of ads from multiple ad networks, which can be third parties to both OpenX and the Owner.
Personal Data processed: Cookies; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  USA –
Privacy Policy
–
Opt Out
.
Flurry RTB (Yahoo! Inc.)
Flurry RTB (Flurry Real-Time Bidding) is an advertising service provided by Yahoo! Inc. that allows the Owner to run advertising campaigns in conjunction with external advertising networks that the Owner, unless otherwise specified in this document, has no direct relationship with.
This Application is collecting and transmitting Data from the User through the Flurry RTB service to media buyers bidding to purchase its inventory. These buyers may collect and store such Data and use such Data for retargeting or other advertising purposes.
If the User chooses to opt-out, Flurry will stop tracking Data for the device identified by the provided MAC address and/or device identifier going forward. Flurry will also stop providing ads and/or recommendations to that MAC address and/or device identifier across all publishers.
In order to opt out from being tracked by various advertising networks, Users may make use of
Youronlinechoices
.
Personal Data processed: Cookies; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  USA –
Privacy Policy
–
Opt Out
.
StartApp (StartApp, Inc.)
StartApp is an advertising service provided by StartApp, Inc.
Personal Data processed: Cookies; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  US –
Privacy Policy
.
Analytics
The services contained in this section enable the Owner to monitor and analyze web traffic and can be used to keep track of User behavior.
Google Analytics for Firebase (Google Inc.)
Google Analytics for Firebase or Firebase Analytics is an analytics service provided by Google LLC or by Google Ireland Limited, depending on how the Owner manages the Data processing.
In order to understand Google's use of Data, consult
Google's partner policy
.
Firebase Analytics may share Data with other tools provided by Firebase, such as Crash Reporting, Authentication, Remote Config or Notifications. The User may check this privacy policy to find a detailed explanation about the other tools used by the Owner.
This Application uses identifiers for mobile devices and technologies similar to cookies to run the Firebase Analytics service.
Users may opt-out of certain Firebase features through applicable device settings, such as the device advertising settings for mobile phones or by following the instructions in other Firebase related sections of this privacy policy, if available.
Personal Data processed: Cookies; unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example); Usage Data.
Place of processing:  USA –
Privacy Policy
.
Device permissions for Personal Data access
This Application requests certain permissions from Users that allow it to access the User's device Data as described below.
Device permissions for Personal Data access (this Application)
This Application requests certain permissions from Users that allow it to access the User's device Data as summarized here and described within this document.
Personal Data processed: Calendar permission.
Location-based interactions
Non-continuous geolocation (This Application)
This Application may collect, use, and share User location Data in order to provide location-based services.
Most browsers and devices provide tools to opt out from this feature by default. If explicit authorization has been provided, the User’s location data may be tracked by this Application.
The geographic location of the User is determined in a manner that isn't continuous, either at the specific request of the User or when the User doesn't point out its current location in the appropriate field and allows the application to detect the position automatically.
Personal Data processed: geographic position.
Information on opting out of interest-based advertising
In addition to any opt-out feature provided by any of the services listed in this document, Users may follow the instructions provided by
YourOnlineChoices
(EU),
  the
Network Advertising Initiative
(US) and
  the
Digital Advertising Alliance
(US),
DAAC
(Canada),
DDAI
(Japan)
  or other similar initiatives. Such initiatives allow Users to select their tracking preferences for most of the advertising tools. The Owner thus recommends that Users make use of these resources in addition to the information provided in this document.
The Digital Advertising Alliance offers an application called
AppChoices
that helps Users to control interest-based advertising on mobile apps.
Users may also opt out of certain advertising features through applicable device settings, such as the device advertising settings for mobile phones or ads settings in general.
Further Information for Users
Legal basis of processing
The Owner may process Personal Data relating to Users if one of the following applies:
Users have given their consent for one or more specific purposes.
provision of Data is necessary for the performance of an agreement with the User and/or for any pre-contractual obligations thereof;
processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the Owner is subject;
processing is related to a task that is carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the Owner;
processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner or by a third party.
In any case, the Owner will gladly help to clarify the specific legal basis that applies to the processing, and in particular whether the provision of Personal Data is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract.
Further information about retention time
Unless specified otherwise in this document, Personal Data shall be processed and stored for as long as required by the purpose they have been collected for and may be retained for longer due to applicable legal obligation or based on the Users’ consent.
Therefore:
Personal Data collected for purposes related to the performance of a contract between the Owner and the User shall be retained until such contract has been fully performed.
Personal Data collected for the purposes of the Owner’s legitimate interests shall be retained as long as needed to fulfill such purposes. Users may find specific information regarding the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner within the relevant sections of  this document or by contacting the Owner.
The Owner may be allowed to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever the User has given consent to such processing, as long as such consent is not withdrawn. Furthermore, the Owner may be obliged to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever required to fulfil a legal obligation or upon order of an authority.
Once the retention period expires, Personal Data shall be deleted. Therefore, the right of access, the right to erasure, the right to rectification and the right to data portability cannot be enforced after expiration of the retention period.
The rights of Users based on the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
Users may exercise certain rights regarding their Data processed by the Owner.
In particular, Users have the right to do the following, to the extent permitted by law:
Withdraw their consent at any time.
Users have the right to withdraw consent where they have previously given their consent to the processing of their Personal Data.
Object to processing of their Data.
Users have the right to object to the processing of their Data if the processing is carried out on a legal basis other than consent.
Access their Data.
Users have the right to learn if Data is being processed by the Owner, obtain disclosure regarding certain aspects of the processing and obtain a copy of the Data undergoing processing.
Verify and seek rectification.
Users have the right to verify the accuracy of their Data and ask for it to be updated or corrected.
Restrict the processing of their Data.
Users have the right to restrict the processing of their Data. In this case, the Owner will not process their Data for any purpose other than storing it.
Have their Personal Data deleted or otherwise removed.
Users have the right to obtain the erasure of their Data from the Owner.
Receive their Data and have it transferred to another controller.
Users have the right to receive their Data in a structured, commonly used and machine readable format and, if technically feasible, to have it transmitted to another controller without any hindrance.
Lodge a complaint.
Users have the right to bring a claim before their competent data protection authority.
Users are also entitled to learn about the legal basis for Data transfers abroad including to any international organization governed by public international law or set up by two or more countries, such as the UN, and about the security measures taken by the Owner to safeguard their Data.
Details about the right to object to processing
Where Personal Data is processed for a public interest, in the exercise of an official authority vested in the Owner or for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner, Users may object to such processing by providing a ground related to their particular situation to justify the objection.
Users must know that, however, should their Personal Data be processed for direct marketing purposes, they can object to that processing at any time, free of charge and without providing any justification. Where the User objects to processing for direct marketing purposes, the Personal Data will no longer be processed for such purposes. To learn whether the Owner is processing Personal Data for direct marketing purposes, Users may refer to the relevant sections of this document.
How to exercise these rights
Any requests to exercise User rights can be directed to the Owner through  the contact details provided in this document. Such requests are free of charge and will be answered by the Owner as early as possible and always within one month, providing Users with the information required by law. Any rectification or erasure of Personal Data or restriction of processing will be communicated by the Owner to each recipient, if any, to whom the Personal Data has been disclosed unless this proves impossible or involves disproportionate effort. At the Users’ request, the Owner will inform them about those recipients.
Additional information about Data collection and processing
Legal action
The User's Personal Data may be used for legal purposes by the Owner in Court or in the stages leading to possible legal action arising from improper use of this Application or the related Services.
The User declares to be aware that the Owner may be required to reveal personal data upon request of public authorities.
Additional information about User's Personal Data
In addition to the information contained in this privacy policy, this Application may provide the User with additional and contextual information concerning particular Services or the collection and processing of Personal Data upon request.
System logs and maintenance
For operation and maintenance purposes, this Application and any third-party services may collect files that record interaction with this Application (System logs) or use other Personal Data (such as the IP Address) for this purpose.
Information not contained in this policy
More details concerning the collection or processing of Personal Data may be requested from the Owner at any time. Please see the contact information at the beginning of this document.
Changes to this privacy policy
The Owner reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by notifying its Users on this page and possibly within this Application and/or - as far as technically and legally feasible - sending a notice to Users via any contact information available to the Owner. It is strongly recommended to check this page often, referring to the date of the last modification listed at the bottom.
Should the changes affect processing activities performed on the basis of the User’s consent, the Owner shall collect new consent from the User, where required.
Definitions and legal references
Personal Data (or Data)
Any information that directly, indirectly, or in connection with other information — including a personal identification number — allows for the identification or identifiability of a natural person.
Usage Data
Information collected automatically through this Application (or third-party services employed in this Application), which can include: the IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilized by the Users who use this Application, the URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier), the time of the request, the method utilized to submit the request to the server, the size of the file received in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the server's answer (successful outcome, error, etc.), the country of origin, the features of the browser and the operating system utilized by the User, the various time details per visit (e.g., the time spent on each page within the Application) and the details about the path followed within the Application with special reference to the sequence of pages visited, and other parameters about the device operating system and/or the User's IT environment.
User
The individual using this Application who, unless otherwise specified, coincides with the Data Subject.
Data Subject
The natural person to whom the Personal Data refers.
Data Processor (or Processor)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller, as described in this privacy policy.
Data Controller (or Owner)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data, including the security measures concerning the operation and use of this Application. The Data Controller, unless otherwise specified, is the Owner of this Application.
This Application
The means by which the Personal Data of the User is collected and processed.
Service
The service provided by this Application as described in the relative terms (if available) and on this site/application.
European Union (or EU)
Unless otherwise specified, all references made within this document to the European Union include all current member states to the European Union and the European Economic Area.
Cookie
Cookies are Trackers consisting of small sets of data stored in the User's browser.
Tracker
Tracker indicates any technology - e.g Cookies, unique identifiers, web beacons, embedded scripts, e-tags and fingerprinting - that enables the tracking of Users, for example by accessing or storing information on the User’s device.
Legal information
This privacy policy relates solely to this Application, if not stated otherwise within this document.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/:
Privacy & Terms
Sub-policy 1
https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html/ref=UTF8&nodeId=468496:
Main content
Search
alt
+
/
Cart
shift
+
alt
+
C
Home
shift
+
alt
+
H
Orders
shift
+
alt
+
O
Show/Hide shortcuts
shift
+
alt
+
Z
To move between items, use your keyboard's up or down arrows.
Welcome to Amazon Customer Service
A delivery, order or return
eBooks, Prime Videos, Music, or Games
Prime
Payment, charges or gift cards
Address, security & privacy
Memberships, subscriptions or communications
Kindle, Fire, Alexa, or other Amazon devices
eBooks, Prime Videos, Music, or Games
Accessibility
Something else
Login & password
Report Something Suspicious
Search our help library
All help topics
Take Quick Actions
Where's my stuff
Shipping and Delivery
Returns and Refunds
Managing Your Account
Security & Privacy
Payment, Pricing and Promotions
Devices & Digital Solutions
Amazon Business Accounts
Large Items and Heavy-Bulky Services
Other topics & Help sites
Track your package
Track your packages in
Your Orders
.
Return Items You Ordered
Return your orders using our
Online Return Center
.
Check status of a refund
Track your return and refunds in
Your Orders
.
Update Your Password
Update your password in
Your account
.
Amazon Prime
Get detailed information on all Prime benefits.
End Your Amazon Prime Membership
Cancel your membership easily via this page.
Ads in Prime Video
Prime Video movies and TV shows will include limited advertisements. For further details, click here.
Carrier Contact Information
Find the contact information of your delivery carriers.
Track your package
Track your packages in
Your Orders
.
Find a missing package that shows as "Delivered"
Actions you can take when your order shows as  "delivered" but you don't have your package.
Undeliverable Packages
Learn what to do when your package cannot be delivered.
Find a missing item from your package
Check why your item is missing from your package.
Missing Tracking Information
Learn why sometimes tracking information might not be available.
More in Where's my Stuff
Delivery Guarantees
Learn more about our guaranteed delivery offer.
Amazon Prime Shipping Benefits
Check the shipping benefits included in your Prime membership.
Shipping Rates and Times
Have a look at shipping rates and times, domestic as well as global, all at once.
Amazon Pickup Locations
Learn more about Amazon's pick up alternatives to doorstep delivery.
More information on Shipping and Delivery
About Our Returns Policies
Get detailed information on our 30 days return policy.
Refunds
Get detailed information about refund options and timelines.
Return a Gift
Return, exchange or replace a gift  using our
Online Return Center
.
Exchanges and Replacements
Exchange or replace eligible items through
Your Orders
.
Check the Status of Your Refund
Follow up on your return and refunds in
Your Orders
.
More in Returns and Refunds
Change Your Account Settings
Update your personal information in
Your Account
.
Add and Manage Addresses
Manage billing and delivery addresses in
Your Addresses
.
Two-Step Verification
Add more security to your account.
Change Your Order Information
You can update the shipping address, payment method, and more, on orders that haven't entered the shipping process by visiting Your Orders in Your Account.
View Your Gift Card Balance
Redeem gift cards or view your Gift Card balance and transaction activity.
Request the Closure of Your Account and the Deletion of Your Personal Information
Submit a request to close your account and delete your personal information.
More in Managing Your Account
Amazon.com Privacy Notice
Conditions of Use
Unknown Charges
There are several reasons why you might not recognize a charge.
Identifying Whether an Email, Phone Call, Text Message, or Webpage is from Amazon
Here are some tips to determine if an email, phone call, text message, or webpage is not from Amazon.com.
Report Something Suspicious
We take fraud, scam, phishing and spoofing attempts seriously. If you receive correspondence you think may not be from Amazon, please report it immediately.
How to Obtain Your Data After Identity Theft
Victims of identity theft, or law enforcement agencies on their behalf, may be entitled to certain records under the Fair Credit Reporting Act (“FCRA”).
More in Security & Privacy
Payment Issues and Restrictions
Explore the different topics on payment issues.
Strike-through Pricing & Savings
Learn what the different prices displayed on the product detail page mean.
Accepted Payment Methods
View which payment methods you can use on Amazon.com.
Payment Plans
Split your payments into monthly payment for eligible orders.
Amazon Credit Cards
Explore the different types of Amazon credit cards.
Gift Cards
Explore the different topics all around Gift Cards.
More in Payments, Pricing and Promotions
Get Kindle Book Order Refund
Cancel an accidental book order within seven days. Approved refunds are credited to the original payment source within three to five days.
Cancel Kindle Unlimited Subscription
Follow these steps to cancel your Kindle Unlimited membership.
Cancel Your Prime Video Add-On Subscription
Cancel your Prime Video add-on subscriptions online.
Cancel Prime Video Accidental Purchase
You are able to return a Prime Video order within 48 hours if you haven't attempted to watch or download it.
Cancel Music Unlimited Subscription
Cancel your subscription online.
Issues While Playing Prime Video Titles
What to do when Prime Video titles won't play or if you see error codes such as 1007, 1022, 7003, 7005, 7031, 7135, 7202, 7203, 7204, 7206, 7207, 7230, 7250, 7251, 7301, 7303, 7305, 7306, 8020, 9003, 9074.
Install Prime Video on Your Devices
Using the Prime Video app you will be able to watch Prime Video.
Parental Controls on Prime Video
Set Up a Prime Video PIN
Can't Screen Mirror on Fire TV Devices
To resolve most issues with screen mirroring, make sure that your device and Fire TV are compatible.
Manage Your Content & Devices
Get help with general queries relating to your device, digital content, and Amazon account.
Ads in Prime Video
Prime Video movies and TV shows will include limited advertisements. For further details, click here.
Ask the Digital & Device Community
Amazon Business Help
Using Amazon Prime with Your Business Account
Business Prime is an annual membership program that provides business-specific features and benefits. These include unlimited fast delivery on eligible items, advanced visibility of your organization's spend, and more control over purchasing across your organization.
Tax Exemption
The Amazon Tax Exemption Program (ATEP) allows Amazon Business customers to apply your tax exemption status to eligible purchases from Amazon.com and affiliates or other participating sellers.
Manage Your Business Account
Amazon Business provides purchasing solutions that allow registered businesses and their employees to shop for business supplies on Amazon. You can customize your business account to suit your business needs.
Order Restrictions
Some orders may face restrictions
Terms & Conditions
These Amazon Business Accounts Terms & Conditions are between Amazon.com Services LLC and the entity registering for a Business Account.
Trademark Guidelines
These Guidelines apply to your use of trademarks owned by Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates (“Amazon”). You may only use the specific trademarks identified by Amazon (the “Marks”) and only in materials that have been approved in advance by Amazon. Strict compliance with these Guidelines is required at all times, and any use of the Marks in violation of these Guidelines will automatically terminate any license related to your use of the Marks.
Buying Large and Bulky Items on Amazon
Customize your delivery experience by setting your delivery preferences and selecting a preferred delivery date.
Special Delivery Options for Large and Bulky Items
Special delivery options availability is based on item and zip code eligibility.
Scheduled Delivery
If your order and delivery address are eligible for Scheduled Delivery for Large Items, the option to select this delivery method will be available during checkout.
Ordering a Large Item from a Third-Party Seller
When you order a large item from a third-party seller on Amazon.com, diverse delivery options may be available at checkout.
Prepare for Your Service Appointment or Large Item Delivery
Before your large item delivery, installation or assembly service appointment, there are a few things you can do.
Buy Online, Pick Up in Store
If your order and delivery address are eligible for Store Pickup, the option to select this delivery method will be available during checkout.
More in Large Items and Heavy Bulky Services
Gifts, Gift Cards, and Registries
Redeem a Gift Card
When you redeem an Amazon.com Gift Card or gift voucher to your account, the funds are stored in Your Account and will automatically apply to your next eligible order.
Site Features
Ordering
A-to-Z Guarantee
Publisher & Vendor Help
Amazon Games
Amazon Physical Stores
Amazon Pharmacy
Amazon Fresh and Groceries on Amazon
Help for Amazon Sellers
Associates Program Help
Amazon Web Services
Sub-policy 2
https://www.applovin.com/privacy:
Products
Axon
AI-powered recommendation engine
AppDiscovery
Acquire your ideal users
MAX
Monetize your app
SparkLabs
Create ads that perform
AppLovin Exchange
Reach your audience
Array
Increase value across customer’s lifecycle
Adjust
Measure your marketing
Wurl
Our streaming TV solution
Solutions
Increase ARPDAU
Grow Ad Inventory
Acquire App Users
Increase IAPs
Resources
Success Stories
Blog
Video Library
Guides and Reports
Glossary
Events
View all resources
More about us
Partners
Jobs
NEW
Press
About Us
Sign Up
Sign In
ENG
中文
日本語
한국어
Privacy Policy
Overview
Policies
Privacy Policy
隐私政策
Datenschutzerklärung
プライバシーポリシー
개인정보 보호 정책
Política de Privacidade
Politique de confidentialité
AppLovin Partners
AppLovin Policies for Publishers
AppLovin Policies for Demand Partners
AppLovin Array Privacy Policy
Terms
Terms of Use
使用协议条款
Vereinbarung über die Nutzungsbedingungen
利用規約
이용 약관 계약
Contrato de Termos de Uso
Accord sur les Conditions d’utilisation
DMCA Notice
End User License Agreement — Software
AppLovin Array Terms of Service
APPLOVIN PLATFORM DATA PROCESSING AGREEMENT
AppLovin Demand Partner Data Processing Agreement
Effective Date
: October 30, 2024
You can find the prior version
here
.
AppLovin Corporation (“we,” “us,” “our,” or “AppLovin”) operates a suite of tools for app developers and other businesses to automate and optimize the marketing and monetization of their platforms, products, or services by enabling the placement of different types of advertisements on digital properties including mobile apps, websites, and connected TV devices (collectively, the “Advertising Services” or “Services”).  As explained below, consumers interact with us in a few ways, primarily through advertisements served by AppLovin on behalf of advertisers.
The AppLovin Privacy Policy (this “Privacy Policy”) explains how we collect, use, and share information through our Services and advertising platform, and our corporate website at www.applovin.com (the “Website”), as well as your choices related to that information.
Contents
Our Advertising Services
Our Website
Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
Policy Changes
Contact Us
Our Advertising Services
This section describes the information we collect, use, and share through our Advertising Services.
General Information Collection and Use
If you are a consumer who downloads and uses an application which contains the AppLovin SDK or otherwise interacts with the Services through advertisements served within a digital property, we may collect certain information, including the following:
Device, App, and Browser Data
Device make, model, and operating system;
Device properties related to screen size, orientation, audio, battery, device memory usage, settings, and boot time;
Device settings related to accessibility features, font size, and theme;
Carrier;
Name and properties of mobile application through which a consumer interacts with the Services;
Country, time zone, and locale settings (country and preferred language);
Network connection type and speed;
IP Address;
Internet browser user-agent used to access the Services;
HTTP header information;
Advertising IDs (IDFA/GAID/Amazon FOSAID);
Vendor IDs (IDFV);
App Set IDs; and
Advertising and tracking preferences and restrictions.
Application publishers may choose to share with us additional information including your age or year of birth, gender, email, phone number, and interest segments for purposes of their own direct ad serving.  We do not retain this data or pass it downstream to advertising partners.  Please see the applicable publisher’s privacy policy for more information about their use of first party data.
Advertisers (through the advertiser itself or through a third party service provider on behalf of such advertiser) may also share transactional or “event” data related to a consumer’s interaction with an application, such as information about the actions taken in an application like purchases or application installations.
Information Collection and Use Specific
to
e-Commerce Ads Only
If you are a consumer who interacts with the Services through an e-commerce platform or a merchant website, we may collect certain additional information (that you provided to the e-commerce platform or merchant, through a third party’s API, our SDK, pixel, or other similar technologies), including the following:
User IDs;
Shopping browsing behavior (e.g., views) and search history;
Records of products purchased or considered (e.g., added to cart, check out);
Purchasing histories; and
Information regarding user interactions with advertising partners and their merchant partners’ sites and advertisements.
How We Collect Your Information
This information may be collected automatically across mobile apps and devices or received from third-parties across different technologies over time. We may also combine information we collect with other information we derive through analytical techniques, and we will use that combined information to offer the Services.
How We Use Your Information
We generally use the information we collect to:
Deliver the Services, maintain, and improve them, including our AI-powered advertising technology, and research and develop new ones;
Promote safety, security, and integrity of Services;
Provide measurement, analytics, and reporting; and
Comply with legal and regulatory obligations.
We use AI-powered advertising technology (sometimes referred to as “automated decision-making”) to help us improve our advertising products and Services and serve ads that are relevant and interesting to you. We use it in ways that do not produce legal or similarly significant effects on you (for example, by reordering how advertisements might appear when you visit a digital property such as a mobile app or a website).
Information Sharing
We may share information we collect or derive with third parties in the following contexts:
Service Providers.
We transfer information to service providers, and other partners who support our business, such as providing technical infrastructure services, analyzing how our Services are used, measuring the effectiveness of ads and services, providing customer service, or facilitating payments. These partners must adhere to strict confidentiality obligations in a way that is consistent with this Privacy Policy and the agreements we enter into with them.
Affiliates.
We may share information within the AppLovin family of companies for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Advertising Partners.
We share information with our third-party advertising partners, including advertisers, ad networks, exchanges, demand side platforms, merchants, other advertising partners (who aggregate their own demand sources), and ad optimization and measurement/attribution partners (e.g., mobile measurement partners or “MMPs”) to provide our clients with Advertising Services. This information may be used by such third-party partners to measure how effective ads are, show advertisements to end users for products and services that are more likely to appeal to them (a practice known as interest-based advertising or behavioral advertising), and to undertake web analytics to analyze traffic and other ad activity to improve the advertising experience.
Unless otherwise noted in our partner list, each AppLovin advertising partner is an independent controller of your data. You can view a list of AppLovin advertising partners with whom we share your data
here
, current as of the date listed at the top of that page.
If you do not want to receive interest-based advertisements, please see the
“Manage Your Privacy Choices”
section below. If you are located in the European Union, UK, or Switzerland, you may also see the
“Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals”
section below for more options. If you are an individual resident of the U.S. states that have enacted comprehensive consumer privacy laws, you may also review the “
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
” section below for more options.
Please note that the practices of our third-party advertising partners delivering advertisements through our Services are subject to those partners’ own privacy policies.
Regulatory or Legal Requirements.
We may disclose information to governmental regulatory authorities as required by law, including for tax or accounting purposes, in response to their requests for such information or to assist in investigations. We may also disclose personal information to third parties in connection with claims, disputes, or litigation, when otherwise required by law or court order.
Safety and Terms Enforcement.
We may disclose information if we determine, in our sole discretion, that its disclosure is necessary to protect the health, safety, or rights of you or any other person, protect against fraud, or enforce our legal rights, including contractual commitments made to us by third parties.
Business Transfers.
We may disclose personal information as part of an organizational business transaction, such as a merger, acquisition, joint venture, financing, or sale of organizational assets and may transfer personal information to a third party as one of the business assets in such a transaction. We may also disclose personal information in the event of insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership.
Manage Your Privacy Choices:
To limit collection of information from mobile devices, please visit your device’s settings to set the “Limit Ad Track” or other similar features on your device. Additionally, you may opt-out of interest-based advertising within ads served by AppLovin. For detailed instructions, see
How AppLovin Shows You Ads
. You can also make choices about data collection for certain companies by visiting an industry consumer choice platform such as the NAI (
https://optout.networkadvertising.org/
) or DAA (
https://optout.aboutads.info/
).  You may still receive ads after limiting processing of information for interest-based advertising, but those ads may be less relevant to your interests.
To see or manage the data collected by AppLovin from your device, you may download the AppLovin Privacy Management Application from the Apple or Google Play Stores:
By navigating through the tabs in the AppLovin Privacy Management Application, you can erase the personal information that AppLovin may have collected about you or request a copy of that personal information.
Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect personal information from, or serve advertisements to, children as defined and required by applicable laws. If you believe we have served an advertisement to a child or might have any personal information from or about a child, or if you believe a mobile application in which an AppLovin-served advertisement appeared may be designed for, directed to, or pass personal information knowingly from, children in violation of our policies, please contact us via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Data Security and Retention
We implement reasonable measures to help secure the information we collect through the Services. We retain the data we collect through the Services for up to 2 years. Information is automatically purged from our system if the Services do not receive any updated information for a device in the last 2 years. Note that we will retain information in our systems for as long as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
[END OF ADVERTISING SERVICES-SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
Our Website
This section describes the information we collect, use, and share through our Website.
Cookies and Other Similar Technology
The Website uses cookies, web beacons, or other similar technology to collect information for various purposes, including interest-based advertising. This information may include your IP address, device identifier, browser type, device type, the date and time of your visit, and the areas of the Website you visit. To learn more about and manage the cookies on this Website, please click “Cookie Settings” in our Website footer. You may also be able to limit the use of cookies through your browser settings. Note that certain parts of the Website may not function properly without cookies. Additionally, you may still receive ads after limiting processing of information for interest-based advertising, but those ads may be less relevant to your interests. If you erase your cookies, reset your device identifier, or use different browsers or devices, you may need to make your choices again.
We partner with Google Analytics to learn more about how you use our Website. For more information about how Google Analytics works you can visit
here
. To opt-out of Google Analytics, you can visit
here
and follow the instructions.
Additional Information Collection for Business Account Owners
When you register with AppLovin to use our Services, you may provide us with personal information such as your name, email address, phone number, mailing address, user name, and password. You may also provide us with payment information when you submit or receive a payment, or other information when you complete the online forms available on the Website. We may also acquire information from other trusted sources to update or supplement the information that you voluntarily provide to us or that we collect automatically.
How We Use Your Information
We may use the information we collect or you provide to us through the Website for various purposes, including:
To communicate with you, for example through newsletters or with other information about our products and services;
To operate and improve the Website and our Services;
To customize the Website;
For analytics and research;
For marketing purposes; and
For purposes disclosed at the time of collection.
Information Sharing
We may share information we collect through the Website in the following contexts:
With your consent;
For advertising and marketing purposes;
In response to a subpoena, court order, or other legal process;
To protect our rights and the rights of others;
With our affiliates;
With service providers that help us operate the Website and Services;
As part of a sale, merger, or acquisition, including at bankruptcy; and
For purposes disclosed at the time of collection.
Links to Other Websites
The Website may provide links to other websites or other digital properties that we do not control. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of those digital properties that you may visit.
Updating Information
You can update the personal information you provide to us by correcting, updating, or deleting the information associated with you via your AppLovin account. To add, modify, remove, or request access to the personal information about you that we hold, please see the
“Contact Us”
section below.
Your Marketing Choices
If you no longer wish to receive marketing-related emails from us on a going-forward basis, you may opt out of receiving these emails by clicking “Unsubscribe” at the bottom of any marketing email you receive from us or by emailing us at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Children
Our Website is not intended for use by children as defined and required by applicable law. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children through the Website. If you believe we might have any personal information from or about a child, please contact us via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Data Security and Retention
We have implemented reasonable physical, technical, and administrative security measures for the Website to help protect information we collect and store.
For detailed information regarding retention associated with cookies on the applovin.com domain, please click “Cookie Settings” in our Website footer to learn more.
We retain other information such as customer contact and payment information in our systems for as long as necessary as permitted by law to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
[END OF WEBSITE-SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals
If you are located in the European Union, United Kingdom, or Switzerland, the following additional provisions apply to you.
Data Privacy Framework
AppLovin complies with the EU-U.S Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.
AppLovin has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.  AppLovin has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
If you are an EU, UK, or Swiss individual, where we transfer your personal data to third party servicer providers (see above) who perform services for us or on our behalf, we are responsible for the processing of that data by them and shall remain liable if they process your personal data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Data Privacy Framework, AppLovin is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, AppLovin may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, AppLovin commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact AppLovin at
dataprotection@applovin.com
. AppLovin refers unresolved complaints to TRUSTe, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
for more information or to file a complaint.  These dispute resolution services are provided at no cost to you.
For complaints regarding DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms, you have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration. Further information can be found on the official DPF website.
Lawful Basis for Processing
On certain occasions, we process your personal data when it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party, such as to provide services to you. We may also process your personal data to respond to your inquiries concerning our products and services.
On other occasions, we process your personal data where required by law. We may also process your personal data if necessary to protect your interests or the interests of a third party.
Additionally, we process your personal data when necessary to do so for fraud prevention, improving our network and services, and marketing our services to advertisers and publishers, where these interests are not overridden by your data protection rights.
If the processing of your personal data is necessary, we will generally ensure that consent has been obtained from you if there is no other lawful basis for such processing. You have the right to withdraw your consent to processing of personal data at any time.
If personal data covered by this Privacy Policy is to be used for a new purpose that is materially different from that for which the personal data was originally collected or subsequently authorized, or is to be disclosed to a non-agent third party in a manner not specified in this Privacy Policy, we will provide you with an opportunity to choose whether to have your personal data so used or disclosed. Requests to opt out of such uses or disclosures of personal data should be sent to us as specified in the “Contact” section below. Certain personal data, such as information about medical or health conditions, racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, is considered “Sensitive Information”. AppLovin does not collect or seek to elicit “Sensitive Information”.
For questions about data processing, please contact our Data Protection Officer. Visit the “Contact” section below for contact information.
Your Rights
If you are an individual in the EU, UK, or Switzerland, you are able:
To request access to the personal data we hold about you;
To request that we rectify or erase your personal data;
To request that we restrict or block the processing of your personal data;
Under certain circumstances, to receive personal data about you that we store and transmit to another without hindrance from us, including requesting that we provide your personal data directly to another, i.e., a right to data portability; and
Where we previously obtained your consent, to withdraw consent to processing your personal data.
To exercise these rights, please contact us at the email address set forth in the
“Contact Us”
section below.  Our Data Protection Officer can also be reached at this email address.  Please be aware that we may be unable to afford these rights to you under certain circumstances, such as if we are legally prevented from doing so.
In certain circumstances, you may appoint an authorized agent to exercise any rights that you may have on your behalf.  If you choose to exercise any rights through an authorized agent, you will need to verify your identity directly with us before we can process any requests.  In addition, we will need written documentation demonstrating the authorized agent’s authority to act on your behalf.
Additionally, you have the right to lodge a complaint against us. To do so, contact the supervisory authority in your country of residence.
EU and UK Privacy Representatives
We have appointed
Prighter Group
as our privacy representatives in the EU and UK.  You can contact us through our privacy representatives at the following addresses:
For residents of the EU
:
PrighterGDPR-Rep by Maetzler Rechtsanwalts GmbH & Co KG
c/o AppLovin Corporation
Kriegerstraße 44
30161 Hannover
Germany
For residents of the UK
:
PrighterUK-Rep by Prighter Ltd.
c/o AppLovin Corporation
20 Mortlake Mortlake High Street
London, SW14 8JN
United Kingdom
Additional information regarding our privacy representatives can be found at the following link:
https://prighter.com/q/19826057144
.
[END OF EU/UK/SWISS SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
Additional provisions for individual residents of the U.S. states that have enacted comprehensive consumer privacy laws are included in our
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
, which explains how those residents may exercise their privacy rights.
Policy Changes
We may, in our sole discretion, make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time in order to accommodate new technologies, industry practices, regulatory requirements, or for other purposes. If we make any changes, we will update the “Effective Date” posted at the top of this Privacy Policy. If we make any material changes, we may notify you by email (sent to the email address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on the Website prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically to ensure that you understand how we collect, use, and share information.
Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when the revised Privacy Policy is posted on the Website. By continuing to use the Website or Advertising Services following such changes, you are agreeing to accept the terms of the revised Privacy Policy.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please write to us at:
Data Protection Officer
AppLovin Corporation
1100 Page Mill Road
Palo Alto, CA 94304
You can also contact us or our Data Protection Officer via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Please be sure to include your relevant account information in any correspondence to us.  This will help ensure that we can respond to your inquiry in a timely manner.
If you have a customer care issue, please visit
AppLovin Support
.
Sub-policy 3
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/:
Notice
You must log in to continue.
Log Into Facebook
You must log in to continue.
Log In
Forgot account?
·
Sign up for Facebook
English (US)
Gaeilge
Polski
Lietuvių
Português (Brasil)
Русский
Română
Español
Français (France)
Deutsch
Italiano
Meta © 2025
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to help provide and improve content on
Meta Products
. We also use them to provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and to provide and improve Meta Products for people who have an account.
Essential cookies: These cookies are required to use Meta Products and are necessary for our sites to work as intended.
Cookies from other companies: We use these cookies to show you ads off of Meta Products and to provide features like maps and videos on Meta Products. These cookies are optional.
You have control over the optional cookies we use. Learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choices at any time in our
Cookies Policy
.
About cookies
What are cookies?
Learn more
Why do we use cookies?
Learn more
What are Meta Products?
Learn more
Your cookie choices
Learn more
Cookies from other companies
We use cookies from
other companies
in order to show you ads off of our Products, and provide features like maps, payment services and video.
Choose cookies by category
How we use these cookies
If you allow these cookies
If you don't allow these cookies
Other ways you can control your information
Manage your ad experience in Accounts Center
More information about online advertising
Controlling cookies with browser settings
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Sub-policy 4
https://www.mopub.com/legal/privacy/:
Products
Axon
AI-powered recommendation engine
AppDiscovery
Acquire your ideal users
MAX
Monetize your app
SparkLabs
Create ads that perform
AppLovin Exchange
Reach your audience
Array
Increase value across customer’s lifecycle
Adjust
Measure your marketing
Wurl
Our streaming TV solution
Solutions
Increase ARPDAU
Grow Ad Inventory
Acquire App Users
Increase IAPs
Resources
Success Stories
Blog
Video Library
Guides and Reports
Glossary
Events
View all resources
More about us
Partners
Jobs
NEW
Press
About Us
Sign Up
Sign In
ENG
中文
日本語
한국어
Take your monetization
to the next level
Maximize revenue, reduce costs, and save time with MAX
Start earning more
MAXIMIZE REVENUE
Unified Auction
Ad Formats
360° Growth
ANALYZE & OPTIMIZE
Reporting Tools
A/B Testing
SAVE TIME
Mediation Management
Developer Tools
PROTECT YOUR BRAND
Ad Review
User Journey
Creative Debugger
MAXIMIZE REVENUE
Unified Auction
Ad Formats
360° Growth
ANALYZE & OPTIMIZE
Reporting Tools
A/B Testing
SAVE TIME
Mediation Management
Developer Tools
PROTECT YOUR BRAND
Ad Review
User Journey
Creative Debugger
Increase ad revenue
Earn more for your ad inventory with an integrated 360º approach
Unified Auction
Drive the highest yield for your app real estate
Choose the mediation platform with the most competitive demand: 25+ SDK networks, 20+ in-app bidders, premium and diversified DSPs through the AppLovin Exchange, and custom options for anyone else you work with.
AD FORMATS
Expand your revenue opportunities
Leverage all major ad formats for more ways to drive in-app ad revenue, as well as innovative ad placements like app open and lock screen ads.
Native
Interstitial
Rewarded
Playable
Rich Media
MREC
Banner
Display
360° Growth
Scale your ad revenue with more active users
MAX makes it easy to reinvest your revenues and learned insights into user acquisition with AppLovin’s growth engine, AppDiscovery, to unlock self-perpetuating growth.
Optimize your ad revenue strategy
Make smarter decisions with full transparency into your ad revenue data
REPORTING TOOLS
MAX’s suite of reporting tools gives actionable insights on demand
Measure performance across your entire monetization strategy
Gain insights and identify opportunities to improve yield all within a single, comprehensive, customizable dashboard or downloadable report.
Ad Inventory
Track ad performance, overall revenue, and integration health.
Network
Monitor bidding performance and the ability to fill and serve ads.
Waterfall
Analyze impact of waterfall configurations and segmentation on revenue.
Validate revenue data across MAX and partner networks
Monitor and detect discrepancies between ad sources early to protect your revenue. Compare metrics including:
CPMs
Impressions
Revenue
Understand the entire user lifecycle to optimize LTV
Measure the impact of ad settings on metrics such as user retention, engagement, and revenue per install over time for a group of users who installed an app on the same day.
Get insights into user engagement
View daily analytics on your app’s performance, including number of daily active users in your app, ARPDAU, and the average number of impressions users are seeing. Plus, filter reports by ad format to understand the impact of optimizations.
Access granular data for more accurate ROAS and user LTV calculations
Remove blind spots and better optimize paid user acquisition campaigns with user and impression-level data handed off to your MMP or BI tool of choice.
A/B Testing
Test your entire monetization strategy
Easily set up A/B tests to identify opportunities for driving incremental ad revenue. Test changes to:
Demand partners
Waterfall configurations
Price points
Ad frequency
Refresh rates
User segments
Spend less time on setup and management
Get started quickly and automate processes for revenue optimization
Mediation Management Tools
Modernize traditional waterfalls with automation
Update network CPMs daily without lifting a finger
Ensure fairer competition from non-bidding networks.
Put your CPMs on autopilot
Reduce the need for regular updates, and minimize opportunities for error.
Capture more revenue with better price setting
Leverage historical data to power smart CPM adjustments.
Spend less time on waterfall creation and ad unit management
Manage your setup through the MAX UI or your own BI tool.
Easy Cloning
Speed up waterfall creation by cloning ones that already exist.
Ad Unit Management API
Create ad units, build and update waterfalls, and launch A/B tests via your own platform or BI tool.
Developer Tools
Monetize your apps without disrupting your workflow
Launch your apps confidently
MAX’s testing tools reduce post-launch frustration.
Test Mode
Provide reliable network fill for your test devices.
Mediation Debugger
Verify and troubleshoot your integrated ad networks.
Develop what you want, how you want
MAX provides unmatched support for multiple platforms and development engines.
Supported Platforms
Android
iOS
FireOS
Supported Development Engines
Unity
Adobe AIR
Cordova
React
Unreal
Flutter
Godot
Defold
Unity Integration Manager
Quickly get started monetizing your Unity app with a plugin that integrates the AppLovin SDK and network adapters automatically.
Ensure brand safety
Protect your revenue by ensuring quality in all aspects of your app experience — including which ads users see.
Ad Review
Gain control over ad visibility
Monitor ads running in your app and automatically identify risky or competitive content for easy bad ad reporting.
Detect
Automatically flag risky content and competitor ads based on custom rules and filters.
View
View and filter flagged ads by network, format, content rating, advertiser, rule, and more.
Report
Easily report problematic ads within the dashboard.
Compete
Inform your user acquisition efforts with intel into the latest ad concepts in your app category.
User Journey
Support your support teams — quickly find ads reported by users
View all the ads seen by a user to easily locate problematic ads that could cause churn, and report them directly from the dashboard. Plus, eliminate the need to blindly block ads or networks that may not actually be problematic.
Creative Debugger
Access comprehensive ad information on demand
Use a simple gesture to reveal ad information such as the name of the network, the creative ID, and more, and automatically generate reports for problematic ads.
Here’s what our developers are saying
“
Implementing MAX not only increased our product revenue, but it saved us a lot of operational costs, which allowed our team to refocus their energy on creating great games.
Yudai Hatasa
Producer, KAYAC
“
We are already seeing
incredible lift and increases in revenue
across our top titles, which allows us to invest more in user acquisition.
Dmitry Shelengovskiy
CEO, Playgendary
“
AppLovin made it easy to migrate to MAX and we saw immediate improvements by switching, including a 30% ARPDAU lift on iOS. We were surprised to achieve this much of an improvement without additional optimizations. And even after, the AppLovin team continued to help us with additional tools, integrations, and testing, which drove our total revenue even higher.
Ivan Dama
CEO, IdeaSolutions
“
Implementing MAX not only increased our product revenue, but it saved us a lot of operational costs, which allowed our team to refocus their energy on creating great games.
Yudai Hatasa
Producer, KAYAC
“
We are already seeing
incredible lift and increases in revenue
across our top titles, which allows us to invest more in user acquisition.
Dmitry Shelengovskiy
CEO, Playgendary
“
AppLovin made it easy to migrate to MAX and we saw immediate improvements by switching, including a 30% ARPDAU lift on iOS. We were surprised to achieve this much of an improvement without additional optimizations. And even after, the AppLovin team continued to help us with additional tools, integrations, and testing, which drove our total revenue even higher.
Ivan Dama
CEO, IdeaSolutions
Take your mobile monetization to the MAX
Start earning more
Sub-policy 5
http://openx.com/legal/ad-exchange-privacy-principles/:
Learn more about our path to Net-Zero at
openx.com/sustainability
Home
»
Legal
»
Ad Exchange Terms & Conditions / Legal
Ad Exchange Terms & Conditions / Legal
Posting Date: January 19, 2016
If you (“you” or “Company”) are headquartered in North America, Central America, South America or the Caribbean, then these terms and conditions (“Terms” or “Agreement”) are a binding legal agreement between you and OpenX Technologies, Inc. (“OpenX US”). If you are headquartered anywhere else in the world, then these Terms are a binding legal agreement between you and OpenX Limited (together with OpenX US, “we” or “OpenX”). In each case these Terms cover your use of the OpenX Ad Exchange and related services that enable sellers (e.g., publishers, ad networks) to market and sell digital and mobile advertising inventory and receive advertisements for display on their digital properties, excluding any information or data transmitted through such platforms or services (“Service”). By using the Service you agree to these terms. If you do not agree with any of these terms, please do not use the Service. OpenX may modify these terms at any time by posting the revised terms to its website or by emailing you. Changes are effective immediately when we post them or email them. Your continued use of the Service means that you have accepted the changed terms.
1. SERVICE
1.1 Provision of Service. OpenX will provide to Company the Service as described in these terms, subject to all of our policies and requirements. These terms apply to your use of the Service for yourself and on behalf of any of your clients.
1.2 Limits. As between OpenX and you, OpenX owns all right, title and interest in and to the Service, including future developments and enhancements. Except as contemplated in this Section 1, OpenX does not grant you any license, express or implied. OpenX reserves all rights not expressly granted hereunder, including the right to continually evolve the Service and all related technologies. You will not reproduce, distribute, modify, prepare derivative works of, translate, reverse engineer, reverse compile or disassemble the Service or any portion thereof. Under no circumstances may you use the Service for benchmarking, gathering data on the performance of the Service or OpenX systems or competitive intelligence.
2. USE OF DATA
2.1 Advertiser Information. You will have access to detailed information about buyers in the Service including but not limited to their bidding activity. You will only permit your employees who are directly involved in using the Service to access such information, will only use this information for the purpose of selling inventory through the Service and will treat such information as OpenX Confidential Information.
2.2 Service Data. Aside from the buyer information described above, each party may use the data generated by your use of the Service as follows. You may use such data for any business purpose provided that (a) it complies with its privacy policy and (b) it does not disclose data that describes or reflects the performance of the Service (or any other OpenX services) to third parties except service providers who are under confidentiality restrictions. OpenX may use such data solely in connection with its provision of the Service and provided that it complies with its privacy policy. You acknowledge that other participants on the Service may have access to information related to you (e.g. buyers have access to information about the inventory they purchase (including the URL and price paid) and sellers have access to information about the advertisers who purchase their inventory).
3. COMPENSATION
OpenX will pay you an amount related to the monies actually retained by OpenX in connection with advertisements displayed on your inventory, as such compensation is determined by OpenX from time to time for participants in the Service. OpenX’s impression counts and record of the price per impression will be decisive. OpenX will use commercially reasonable efforts to fill each impression according to market conditions at the time but cannot ensure that every impression or category of impressions will be filled or filled at a certain price. OpenX will make such payment to you within sixty (60) days of the end of each calendar month. Payment will be made in US dollars. Except for taxes on OpenX’s income, you are responsible for paying all applicable sales, use or other taxes or duties, tariffs, etc. applicable to the Service. As applicable, Company will promptly provide notice to OpenX upon any change to Company’s VAT status. OpenX may hold any payment until the cumulative amount owed to you totals at least one hundred dollars ($100). To the extent you also use any other service provided by OpenX pursuant to a separate agreement, OpenX reserves the right to offset any amount owed to you under these Terms by any amount you owe to OpenX.
4. AD INVENTORY SPECIFICATIONS
Your inventory will meet the IAB’s Ad Inventory Specifications. You shall also comply with the OpenX Ad Exchange Supply Policies (located at https://www.openx.com/legal/ad-exchange-supply-policies/) (the “Policies”). If OpenX posts updated Policies, you will comply with the updated Policies.
5. COMPLIANCE
5.1 You will comply with all applicable laws and regulations. To clarify, you agree that all websites, apps and other digital properties with which you use the Service for yourself or on behalf of your clients (a) will comply with all applicable laws and regulations, including but not limited to the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”), (b) will not contain content or materials that are misleading, libelous, obscene, invasive of others’ privacy, or hateful (racially or otherwise), (c) will not introduce viruses or other malware to the Service or OpenX systems or end users, and (d) will not infringe, violate or misappropriate any third party’s intellectual property or other rights. You will not make any inventory available through the Service if the end users of such inventory cannot lawfully be tracked, or have not provided you with sufficient permission or consent to enable the Service to track, using a persistent identifier for purposes of receiving advertising targeted on the basis of such end user’s online behavior. You grant OpenX permission to implement the Service and, to the extent required, access third-party services utilized by you or your end users in connection with these terms.  You will not use the Service in a manner that violates your agreements with third parties or could reasonably be expected to damage the Service or reflect unfavorably on the reputation of OpenX or its clients. You will not share access or passwords to any OpenX system with any third party.  OpenX reserves the right to refuse any ads, websites, apps or other digital properties, and to take down any ads.  Company will not export, re-export or transfer any portion of the Service except as permitted by applicable export laws or regulations.
5.2 As applicable to its respective obligations under this Agreement, each party will provide notice of a privacy policy detailing its respective data collection, sharing, and use practices that comply with all applicable laws and regulations.  Without limitation of the foregoing Company will comply with the applicable United States Digital Advertising Alliance Self-Regulatory Principles published at www.aboutads.info (“DAA Self-Regulatory Principles”) and, as applicable, with the corresponding DAA-designated self-regulatory frameworks established in other countries and/or regions.  Without limiting the foregoing, Company will comply with the enhanced notice obligations applicable to First Parties as defined in the DAA Self-Regulatory Principles by providing a disclosure that explains that data may be collected about visitors’ use of the Company’s website(s) and/or application(s) for advertising and other purposes and either (a) individually lists OpenX as a party that may collect and use data from Company’s digital properties and links to OpenX’s privacy policy or (b) links to the DAA AppChoices tool or the DAA webpage at www.aboutads.info/choices as applicable.  In addition, Company agrees not to share, pass or transfer any personally identifiable information or Sensitive Data (as defined below) to OpenX.  “Sensitive Data” means online account access credentials or a first name or initial and last name, in combination with a Social Security number, driver’s license number, other state or government identification number, medical or health insurance information, biometric data, or an account number, debit card number, or credit card number in combination with any required security code, access code, or password that would permit access to or use of such individual’s card or account.  Moreover, Company represents and warrants that to the extent Company provides any information regarding devices or users to OpenX, or permits OpenX to collect such information, it is shared, passed or provided to OpenX in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations and with all necessary rights, consents, and permissions.  Without limiting the foregoing, Company will not transfer any Precise Location Data to OpenX, or enable OpenX to collect Precise Location Data from Company’s digital properties, without obtaining Consent for such transfer for the purpose of OpenX’s collection, use, and transfer of such data for the Service.  For the purpose of this paragraph, the terms “Precise Location Data” and “Consent” shall have the meanings given to them in the DAA Self-Regulatory Principles.
6. SUSPENSION AND TERMINATION
OpenX may suspend your use of the Service or terminate your account at any time and for any reason or no reason. Upon such termination, your right to use the Service shall immediately terminate. OpenX may also modify any aspect of the Service at any time without notice to you. You may cease to use the Service at any time without notice to OpenX and you may terminate your account at any time upon twenty-four (24) hours’ written notice to OpenX. OpenX reserves the right to throttle traffic or regulate your use of the Service at any time and without notice, for any reason or no reason, in its sole discretion.
7. DISCLAIMER
OPENX DOES NOT MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS, STATUTORY OR IMPLIED. THE SERVICE IS MADE AVAILABLE “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE.” INTER ALIA, OPENX DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT (A) THE USE OF THE SERVICE WILL BE SECURE, TIMELY, UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE OR OPERATE IN COMBINATION WITH ANY OTHER HARDWARE, SOFTWARE, SYSTEM OR DATA; (B) THE SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS OR EXPECTATIONS; (C) ANY STORED DATA OR REPORTING WILL BE ACCURATE, RELIABLE OR FREE FROM LOSS; OR (D) THE SERVICE OR THE INFRASTRUCTURE THAT MAKES THE SERVICE AVAILABLE WILL BE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. OPENX EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY OTHER REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, EXPRESS, STATUTORY OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, NONINFRINGEMENT, COURSE OF DEALING OR PERFORMANCE.
8. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, OPENX WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THESE TERMS, HOWEVER CAUSED, AND UNDER WHATEVER CAUSE OF ACTION OR THEORY OF LIABILITY EVEN IF OPENX HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. OPENX’S TOTAL AGGREGATE LIABILITY SHALL NOT EXCEED THE AMOUNT PAID TO YOU BY OPENX FOR USE OF THE SERVICE FOR THE SIX MONTHS PRIOR TO THE DATE THE LIABILITY FIRST AROSE.
9. INDEMNITY
You will indemnify, defend and hold harmless OpenX and its directors, officers, employees and agents and its and their respective successors, heirs and assigns, and other customers of the Service (e.g., advertisers, publishers, ad networks, ad agencies) (the “OpenX Parties”) against any liability, damage, loss or expense (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs) incurred by the OpenX Parties in connection with any third-party claim, suit, action, demand or judgment arising out of or relating to any allegation that would constitute a breach of Sections 1 or 5 of these terms, your use of the Service, including but not limited to allegations that any website, app or other material you provide (including the websites, apps and other materials of Company’s clients) violates any applicable law or infringes any third party right, including but not limited to COPPA and intellectual property rights, or the type or placement of advertisements on any website, app or other material you provide. You will provide OpenX with prompt notice of any claim and at your expense, provide information and assistance reasonably necessary to defend such claim. You will not enter into any settlement or compromise that would result in any liability to any OpenX Party without OpenX’s prior written consent.
10. CONFIDENTIALITY
You will not provide OpenX with any Confidential Information. OpenX may disclose Confidential Information to you. “Confidential Information” means any information relating to the Service or disclosed in the course of or prior to these Terms. Data regarding the performance of the Service and OpenX systems is OpenX Confidential Information. You will use the same care to protect Confidential Information as you use for your own similar information but in no event less than reasonable care. You will use Confidential Information only for the purpose of using the Service as permitted by these Terms. You will promptly return or destroy the Confidential Information upon request. “Confidential Information” does not include any information that (a) is or becomes part of the public domain through no fault of yours; (b) was already in your possession; or (c) was independently developed by you without violation of this Section. If you are required to disclose Confidential Information under judicial or governmental order, you will promptly notify OpenX in order to allow OpenX to seek confidential treatment.
11. NON-SOLICITATION
Neither you nor any of your representatives, including without limitation your directors, officers, employees, agents and advisors, shall, without the prior written approval of OpenX, directly or indirectly, solicit, induce or attempt to induce or otherwise counsel, discuss, advise or encourage any employee, agent or representative of OpenX or any of its affiliates to leave or otherwise terminate such person’s relationship with OpenX or any of its affiliates, as applicable, for a period of one year following the date of this Agreement.
12. MISCELLANEOUS
12.1 Neither party will make any public statement relating to these Terms without the prior written approval of the other, provided that OpenX may include your name and logo on its marketing and promotional materials and customer lists. In addition, OpenX may include your name and positive information metrics in case studies that OpenX shares with its potential customers, provided that such information is covered by confidentiality obligations.
12.2 OpenX reserves the right to monitor your use of the Service for violations of this agreement and any other behavior OpenX considers harmful. OpenX may investigate activity related to your use of the Service using any means legally available and may provide information about your use of the Service to law enforcement authorities and other third parties in its sole discretion, reactively or proactively.
12.3 You cannot assign your account without OpenX’s prior written consent. OpenX may assign or delegate its rights and obligations in whole or in part without your consent. If any provision of these Terms is unenforceable, the validity of the remaining provisions will not be affected. Sections 7-12 will survive termination or expiration of these Terms. Any claim arising out of or related to these Terms must be brought in the initiating party’s individual capacity and not as a plaintiff or class member in any class action or other similar proceeding.
12.4 Notices must be in writing and will be deemed given when (a) delivered personally, or (b) sent by email, if to OpenX to the following email address: legal@openx.com, and if to you to the specified representative at the email address provided by you to OpenX, if the sending party can confirm that the email was apparently sent successfully according to its ordinary technical records and does not receive an error notice Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the sending party receives an error notice because the receiving party has changed its email address without formally notifying the sending party, the email notice is deemed effective if the sending party is using the last email address provided by the other party for the express purpose of receiving notices. In that case, the sending party will attempt to reach the receiving party by phone.
12.5 These Terms are governed by the laws of the State of California, excluding conflicts of laws principles.
12.6 The California state courts located in the County of Los Angeles, California will have exclusive jurisdiction to determine any disputes over fees between the parties hereto. Any other action arising under or related to these Terms will be resolved by arbitration (and the parties hereby consent to personal jurisdiction) in the County of Los Angeles, California and will be administrated by JAMS pursuant to its Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures. Such an arbitration will be decided by a single arbitrator whose decision will be final and binding and may be enforced in any court of competent jurisdiction. The prevailing party in any action is entitled to reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs and the proceeding will be kept confidential except as required by law.
12.7 Neither party will be liable for failure or delay in performing its obligations because of causes beyond its reasonable control, including without limitation acts of God, terrorism, war, riots, fire, earthquake, flood or degradation or failure of third party networks or communications infrastructure.
Sub-policy 6
https://info.yahoo.com/privacy/:
We, Yahoo, are part of the
Yahoo family of brands
The sites and apps that we own and operate, including Yahoo and AOL, and our digital advertising service, Yahoo Advertising.
Yahoo
family of brands.
When you use our sites and apps, we use
Cookies
Cookies (including similar technologies such as web storage) allow the operators of websites and apps to store and read information from your device. Learn more in our
cookie policy
.
cookies
to:
provide our sites and apps to you
authenticate users, apply security measures, and prevent spam and abuse, and
measure your use of our sites and apps
If you click '
Accept all
', we and
our partners
, including 239 who are part of the IAB Transparency & Consent Framework, will also store and/or access information on a device (in other words, use cookies) and use precise geolocation data and other personal data such as IP address and browsing and search data, for personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, and audience research and services development.
If you do not want us and our partners to use cookies and personal data for these additional purposes, click '
Reject all
'.
If you would like to customise your choices, click '
Manage privacy settings
'.
You can withdraw your consent or change your choices at any time by clicking on the 'Privacy & cookie settings' or 'Privacy dashboard' links on our sites and apps. Find out more about how we use your personal data in our
privacy policy
and
cookie policy
.
Accept all
Reject all
Manage privacy settings
Go to end
Sub-policy 8
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/:

Sub-policy 9
https://www.iubenda.com/en/privacy-and-cookie-policy-generator:
×
Notice
We and selected third parties use cookies or similar technologies for technical purposes and, with your consent, for other purposes as specified in the
cookie policy
.
Use the “Accept” button to consent. Use the “Reject” button or close this notice to continue without accepting.
Press again to continue 0/1
Learn more and customize
Reject
Accept
×
The easiest way to
get Google Consent Mode
. Start measuring Google Analytics traffic and Google Ads conversions even when the consent banner is rejected.
Set up Google Consent Mode
Set up Google Consent Mode
×
IUBENDA PRIVACY AND COOKIE POLICY GENERATOR
The solution to draft, update and maintain your Privacy and Cookie Policy
for GDPR
FOR CPRA
for LGPD
for FADP
Easily generate and manage a Privacy and Cookie Policy that is professional, self-updating and customizable from 2000+ clauses, available in up to 27 languages, drafted by an international legal team and up to date with the main international legislations.
Features
Legal overview
Pricing
Not sure what you need?
Getting started guide
Start generating
Trusted by over 140,000 clients in 100+ countries
Watch our video overview
It's a requirement
Most countries have privacy laws that require you to include a
privacy policy
. iubenda makes it easy to comply with legal requirements across multiple countries' legislations (including the GDPR).
Policies are invalid if they're missing the right information
In order to be compliant, your policy must describe the personal data collected and the purposes of their collection and list all the third parties the data is shared with.
"Is my legislation covered?"
We make every effort to cover every country’s laws by adopting the strictest data privacy guidelines implemented in each country. We also regularly monitor all major global privacy laws (including the GDPR, the US's CPRA (CCPA amendment) & CalOPPA, the ePrivacy and Australia's APPs) to ensure that our solutions continue to meet necessary requirements.
Full legal overview
How it works
1. Customize
Create your Privacy and Cookie Policy by customizing from 2000+ clauses or by adding your own custom legal text. Our solution will guide you through.
Some popular clauses:
Google Analytics
Google AdSense
Facebook conversion tracking
Newsletter
2. Integrate easily
Integrate with your site or app by using one of our widgets or by integrating straight into the body via JS or API. The policy is hosted on our servers so that both you and our international legal team can keep it updated.
5 reasons why we host your policy
3. Manage and auto-update
Need to add a new analytics service or advertising network to your policy? Launching a newsletter or expanding to a new language? Use our dashboard to make changes in one click, while relying on our legal team pushing updates when the law changes.
Privacy and Cookie Policy Generator for the GDPR, ePrivacy and CPRA
We help you meet complex legislation-specific requirements at the click of a button.
For the GDPR and ePrivacy (EU Cookie Law)
More on 360° GDPR Compliance
The GDPR can apply to you whether or not you reside in the EU or have EU users and consequences of non-compliance can be quite serious. Our
generator
takes the guesswork out of compliance and allows you to create GDPR and
ePrivacy
compliant Privacy and Cookie Policies in minutes!
Displaying GDPR related language, disclosures, and instructions as legally required
Readily accessible from every page of your site (as legally required)
Seamless integration with the Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution for IAB integrated Cookie consent management once activated within the generator + more
For the CPRA
More on 360° US Compliance
The often compared to the EU's GDPR, the Californian Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA/CPRA) grants additional rights to Californian consumers and places several new requirements on businesses, including disclosure and
opt-out requirements
. Our solution makes it easy for you to create CPRA (
CCPA amendments
) Compliant Privacy Policies by:
Displaying CPRA (CCPA amendment) related language, disclosures, and instructions as legally required
Indicating services active on your site which might constitute a sale under the CPRA (CCPA amendment) definition (as legally required)
Automatically updating your embedded privacy policy with the CPRA (CCPA amendment) text once activated within the generator — no need to re-integrate the code on your site
Features and benefits
Customizable
Choose from 2000+ pre-crafted clauses in up to 27 languages or, if you can't find what you're looking for, add your own custom clauses using the built-in form or place a request. You can even add a cookie policy in just one click.
GDPR, CPRA and LGPD ready
All of iubenda's documents help you comply with international laws like the GDPR, ePrivacy, CPRA, and
LGPD
.
Self-updating
Our team of lawyers constantly work to keep your documents up-to-date with the main international legislations, to notify you of major upcoming changes and to present you with one-click solutions.
Customizable
Choose from 2000+ pre-crafted clauses in up to 27 languages or, if you can't find what you're looking for, add your own custom clauses using the built-in form or place a request. You can even add a cookie policy in just one click.
GDPR, CPRA and LGPD ready
All of iubenda's documents help you comply with international laws like the GDPR, ePrivacy, CPRA, and
LGPD
.
Self-updating
Our team of lawyers constantly work to keep your documents up-to-date with the main international legislations, to notify you of major upcoming changes and to present you with one-click solutions.
Customize from 2000+ clauses
The quality of an international legal team at the convenience of an online software solution
Updated when the law changes
Generate in up to 27 languages
White label
A dashboard to manage and make changes
App developer? We're optimized for the mobile store specific requirements
Redesigned legal documents for increased transparency, understanding, and clarity
Site scanner to auto-detect services in use on your website
Explore all features and benefits
Trusted by over 140,000 clients in 100+ countries
“If you, like me, are part of a smart team and hate updating your privacy policy every time you add some code to your site, then iubenda is for you. It's ridiculously affordable, and super easy to use.”
Start generating
TRY BEFORE YOU BUY or STAY WITH THE FREE OPTION
3121483 self-updating documents already generated
FAQ
Should my email newsletters contain a privacy policy?
Yes. Email newsletters should contain a reference to your
privacy policy
. You must also show a link to your privacy policy when users subscribe to your newsletter in order to inform the user about your data use/collection practices.
More on newsletter legal requirements
Can I just copy and paste the generated legal text?
From time to time laws and third-party requirements are amended and updated; it's important to ensure that your policies meet these latest requirements. For this reason, we use embedding and NOT copy & paste. With this method, you can rest assured that your policy is up to date and being maintained remotely by our legal team.
More on why we host your documents
Documentation and Guides
Getting Started Guide
How to Generate a Policy
Mobile Guide
Email/Newsletter Guide
See all Guides
Not sure what you need?
Read our
Getting Started Guide
Chat with us live
or
contact support
Or join us at
our next webinar
to get an overview of the legal requirements and ask live questions
All our products are
WCAG Level AAA Compliant
Part of a 360° compliance solution
A complete set of solutions to make your website or app compliant with the law, across multiple languages and legislations
Overview
Pricing
For websites/apps
Privacy and Cookie Policy Generator
Create your privacy and cookie policy in minutes.
Customizable from 2000+ clauses, available in up to 27 languages and automatically updated if the law changes, our generator allows you to create a legal document in minutes and seamlessly integrate it with your website or app.
Explore
Features
Documentation and guides
For websites/apps
Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution
Manage consent preferences for the ePrivacy, GDPR, CPRA (CCPA amendment) and LGPD. Integrated with the IAB TCF and CCPA Compliance Framework.
Our solution allows you to display a fully customizable cookie banner/consent banner, collect cookie consent, implement prior blocking (including auto-blocking), set advertising preferences, and more.
Explore
Features
Documentation and guides
iubenda is a Google certified CMP with TCF and Google Consent Mode support
For websites/apps
Terms and Conditions Generator
Create your terms and conditions in minutes.
Customizable from hundreds of combinations, available in up to 15 languages, powerful and precise — our solution is capable of handling even the most complex, individual scenarios. Optimized for e-commerce, marketplace, SaaS, apps and more.
Explore
Features
Documentation and guides
For organizations
Whistleblowing Management Tool
Provide an easy-to-use internal reporting channel as required by the EU Whistleblower Directive for organizations with 50+ employees. Instantly generate your forms to embed or print.
Collect and manage whistleblower reports from employees and other individuals connected to your organization while safeguarding their identities and ensuring confidentiality. Tailored for EU businesses and global organizations dedicated to ethical transparency.
Explore
Features
Documentation and guides
For websites/apps
For organizations
Consent Database
Collect GDPR & LGPD consent, document opt-ins and
CPRA (CCPA amendment) opt-outs
via your web forms.
Our solution smoothly integrates with your consent collection forms, syncs with your legal documents and includes a user-friendly dashboard for reviewing consent records of your activities.
Explore
Features
Documentation and guides
For websites/apps
For organizations
Register of Data Processing Activities
Document all the data processing activity within your organization.
To comply with privacy laws, and particularly the GDPR, companies need to record how they store and use the data they collect from their users. Our solution allows you to easily document all the data processing activities within your organization.
Explore
Features
Documentation and guides
Enterprise
Hundreds of enterprises rely on iubenda for their online compliance throughout multiple properties and legislations.
Get in touch
Looking for custom documents?
Our international network of lawyers can provide you with tailored documents and a full compliance review.
Get in touch
Become a Certified Partner
iubenda's Partner Program is designed for agencies and web professionals seeking to expand their expertise and assist their clients in making their websites, apps and data processing activities compliant with the law.
More on the partner program →
;
Content is blocked
You denied the use of cookies or similar technologies for the purpose of functionality. To view this content, please update your consent preferences.