ConeM Labs Infosystems Inc. Privacy Policy
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally Identifiable Information' (PII) is being used online. PII, as described in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
1. What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?
Your computer's IP address
Technical information about your computer or mobile device (such as type of device, web browser or operating system)
Your preferences and settings (time zone, language, etc.)
Your mobile device's unique ID number
Your mobile device's geographic location (specific geographic location if you've enabled collection of that information, or general geographic location automatically)
The URL of the last web page you visited before coming to one of our sites
The words you have looked up and results you selected
The ads you clicked on
How long you visited our sites or used our apps and which services and features you used
2. How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you surf the website, use the mobile app, or use certain other features in the following ways:
To personalize your experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
To improve our website in order to better serve you.
We use your email address only when you invite friends to send you promotional codes for the premium version
What information we provide to third party companies
We share user information with other companies for various reasons. What information we make available to other companies depends on the nature of our relationships with them.
Advertisers and advertising networks use tracking technologies to collect information about users' computers or mobile devices and their online activities (for example, web pages visited and searches made) as well as general geographic location and use that information to display targeted ads to users. We sometimes allow these ad companies to collect such information when you use our sites and apps to enable them to display targeted ads to you.
We allow analytics companies to use tracking technologies to collect information about our users' computers or mobile devices and their online activities. These companies analyze this information to help us understand how our sites and apps are being used. Certain versions of our App have an "Opt out of Tracking" setting, which permits you to opt out of being tracked by third party analytics companies.
We may publicly disclose aggregated information about our users, such as the total number of our users and their overall demographics.
We may disclose user information: in response to a legal request, such as a subpoena, court order, or government demand; to investigate or report illegal activity; or to enforce our rights or defend claims. We may also transfer your information to another company in connection with a corporate restructuring, such as a sale, merger or in the event of a bankruptcy proceeding.
To help us improve our service we collect the following information on an anonymous basis: Operating System, Date & time, Latitude, Longitude, Accuracy (GPS), SSID (network), BSSID (network), Internal MAC address (network), Bundle ID, Device Model, Device Manufacturer, Carrier Code (Android only), Carrier Name, Sim Code, Country, and Locale.  In addition to helping us to measure the usage of our app this anonymous information is shared with third parties for their business purposes, including the creation of reports, market research and trend analysis. One of these third parties is Huq, data shared does not contain information from which users can be identified and we will not provide additional information to such third parties that enables such third parties to identify you. You can find a full description of our data collection and use practices in our Privacy and Security Policy here [•]. You can find a full description of Huq and what it does with the information collected via our app
here
.
What we don't share: We do not provide ad companies or analytics companies with your name, address, email address, phone number, or credit card information.
3. Do we use 'cookies'?
We do not use cookies for tracking purposes

You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since browser is a little different, look at your browser's Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.

If you turn cookies off, Some of the features that make your site experience more efficient may not function properly.that make your site experience more efficient and may not function properly.
4. Third-party disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information unless we provide users with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release information when it's release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property or safety. 

However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
5. Third-party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our website. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
6. Google
Google's advertising requirements can be summed up by Google's Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en 

We use Google AdSense Advertising on our website.

Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on previous visits to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt-out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google Ad and Content Network privacy policy.
7. Does our site allow third-party behavioral tracking?
It's also important to note that we allow third-party behavioral tracking
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.
support@conemlabs