Privacy policy
Upskew Pty. Ltd. ("we", "us", or "our") takes your privacy seriously. This privacy policy applies to information that we collect about you when you use our websites (including upskew.com), our mobile applications (including the Encode app) and other products or services offered by us. Throughout this Privacy Policy we’ll refer to our websites, our mobile applications, and other products and services offered by us collectively as “Services.”
Information We Collect
We only collect information about you if we have a reason to do so — for example, to provide our Services, to communicate with you, or to make our Services better.
Information You Provide to Us
You may provide us with information including:
Basic Account Information:
We request basic details from you to set up your account. If you choose to create or log in via another service, such as Google, we will obtain relevant login information like your email address. Using an account in our Services is optional.
Communications with Us:
You can share information with us by participating in surveys or contacting us through our support functions. Whenever you communicate with us through forms, emails, or other means, we retain a copy of our interactions. Participation in surveys and the use of support functions within our Services are entirely optional.
Information We Collect Automatically
We collect some information automatically:
Log Data and Device Information:
We gather log data and device information commonly provided by web browsers, mobile devices, and servers, such as browser type, IP address, unique device identifiers, language preference, referring site, the date and time of access and operating system.
Usage Information:
We collect information about your usage of our Services and about what happens when you use our Services. For example, we collect information about which lessons have been completed and progress within our Services, and features accessed or used. We use this information to, for example, provide our Services to you and get insights on how people use our Services so we can make them better. In addition, in the event our Services crash or misbehave, we collect crash or exception information and associated device information to fix bugs and improve the stability of our Services.
How and Why We Use Information
We use information about you for the purposes listed below:
To provide our Services. For example, to set up and maintain your Account or provide customer service;
To ensure quality and improve our Services. For example, analyzing how users interact with our Services enables us to develop new features aimed at improving the overall learning experience.
To fix problems with our Services. For example, by monitoring, debugging, repairing, and preventing issues.
To protect our Services, our users, and the public. For example, by detecting security incidents; detecting and protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity; complying with our legal obligations; and protecting the rights and property of Upskew Pty. Ltd. and others, which may result in us, for example, declining a transaction or terminating Services.
To communicate with you, for example to respond to a support email.
Legal Bases for Collecting and Using Information
A note here for those in the European Union about our legal grounds for processing information about you under EU data protection laws, which is that our use of your information is based on the grounds that:
(1) The use is necessary in order to fulfill our commitments to you under the applicable terms of service or other agreements with you or is necessary to administer your account — for example, in order to enable access to our Services on your device; or
(2) The use is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation; or
(3) The use is necessary in order to protect your vital interests or those of another person; or
(4) We have a legitimate interest in using your information — for example, to provide and update our Services; to improve our Services so that we can offer you an even better learning experience; to safeguard our Services; to communicate with you; and to understand our user retention and attrition; to monitor and prevent any problems with our Services; and to personalize your experience; or
(5) You have given us your consent.
How We Share Information
We share information about you in limited circumstances, and with appropriate safeguards on your privacy:
Employees and Independent Contractors
We may disclose information about you to our employees, and individuals who are our independent contractors that need to know the information in order to help us provide our Services or to process the information on our behalf. We require our employees and independent contractors to follow this Privacy Policy for personal information that we share with them.
Vendors and Service Providers
We may share information about you with third-party vendors or service providers who need the information in order to provide their services to us, or to provide their services to you. This includes vendors that help us provide our Services to you (like Google, Firebase, and Cloudflare who provide cloud storage, authentication, web hosting or cybersecurity services); those that help us understand and enhance our Services (like Google and Firebase); those that make tools to help us run our operations (like programs that help us with task management, scheduling, word processing, email and other communications, and collaboration among our teams); those used to display advertising and provide analytics (see 'Ads and Analytics Services Provided by Others').
Legal and Regulatory Requirements
We may disclose information about you in response to a subpoena, court order, or other governmental request.
To Protect Rights, Property, and Others
We may disclose information about you when we believe in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Upskew Pty. Ltd., third parties, or the public at large.
Business Transfers
In connection with any merger, sale of company assets, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company, or in the unlikely event that Upskew Pty. Ltd. goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information may be transferred or acquired by a third party.
With Your Consent
We may share and disclose information with your consent or at your direction.
How Long We Keep Information
We generally discard information about you when it’s no longer needed for the purposes for which we collect and use it — described in the section above on How and Why We Use Information — and we’re not legally required to keep it.
Ads and Analytics Services Provided by Others
Ads appearing on any of our Services may be delivered by advertising networks. Other parties may also provide analytics services via our Services. These ad networks and analytics providers may set tracking technologies (like cookies) to collect information about your use of our Services and across other websites and online services. These technologies allow these third parties to recognize your device to compile information about you or others who use your device. This information allows us and other companies to, among other things, analyze and track usage, determine the popularity of certain content, and deliver ads that may be more targeted to your interests. Please note this Privacy Policy only covers the collection of information by Upskew Pty. Ltd. and does not cover the collection of information by any third-party advertisers or analytics providers.
Your Rights
If you are located in certain countries, including those that fall under the scope of the European General Data Protection Regulation (AKA the “GDPR”), data protection laws give you rights with respect to your personal data, subject to any exemptions provided by the law, including the rights to:
Request access to your personal data;
Request correction or deletion of your personal data;
Object to our use and processing of your personal data;
Request that we limit our use and processing of your personal data; and
Request portability of your personal data.
You also have the right to make a complaint to a government supervisory authority.
How to Reach Us
If you have a question about this Privacy Policy, or you would like to contact us about any of the rights mentioned in the Your Rights section above, please contact us at support [ at ] upskew.com.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, we may change our Privacy Policy from time to time. We encourage visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to our Privacy Policy. Your further use of the Services after a change to our Privacy Policy will be subject to the updated policy.
Note
The privacy policy above is made available under a
Creative Commons Sharealike
license, based on work by
Automattic
and
WordPress.com
.