Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy describes the information collected by our company AlfaCode LLC. (AlfaCode) through our mobile
       applications and the use of the information. This notice describes AlfaCode’s privacy policy as it pertains to the
       website at alfacode.net (the «Website») and any mobile applications of any kind distributed by AlfaCode
       (the “Apps,” together with the Website, the “AlfaCode LLC Products”).
We do not collect any personal information from children with our Apps.
When you download and use our mobile applications, we don’t require you to provide any information and we don’t
       collect any information about you or your device, except for nonpersonal information about the duration the App is
       used and how the App is used, such as the screens viewed and actions taken within our mobile applications.
We do not give out any nonpersonal information to anybody outside our company.
We comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act .
Our website and mobile applications comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”). We don’t
       knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13, and if in the event that a user identifies
       himself or herself as a child under the age of 13 through a support request or through any feedback, we will not
       collect, store or use, and will delete in a secure manner, any personal information of such user.
When you request support, you may send us an email or contact us via our support page on our website.
We allow users to contact us if they have support questions about use of our mobile applications.
       If you submit a support request, we may receive your email address and other information you provide
       related to your support request (“Support Information”). We use Support Information only.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
We use your email address only for the purpose of sending the newsletter to you. We use Support Information
       only for the support for the internal operations of our website and Apps as provided under Section 312.2 of
       the COPPA rules effective July 1, 2013. We don’t rent or sell your email address.
Cookies
When you visit our website, we may send cookies to your computer that uniquely identify your browser.
       We use cookies to improve the quality of our service by storing user preferences and tracking usage information.
       Most browsers allow you to disable cookies or set your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent to your computer.
Links
We may provide links and/or connections to third-party web sites or services from our website
       . We are not responsible for the privacy practices or content
       of these third-party sites.
Contact Us
If you have any questions, concerns, or suggestions regarding
       this Privacy Policy, please contact us at privacy@alfacode.net.
Last updated June 19, 2018