Privacy Policy
Please read the following Privacy Policy carefully before using the services that we provide. This Privacy Policy applies to all applications and websites owned by Tap Flat Apps, LLC. By accessing or using our apps or websites, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Tap Flat Apps, LLC (“we”, “our”, or “us”) is pleased to offer you use of our products and services. Your use is subject to the terms set forth in this Privacy Policy and any other terms we may provide you.
We have adopted this Privacy Policy to detail the types of information we collect when you use our products and how we use the information we collect from you to improve our services.
1. WHAT INFORMATION IS COLLECTED AND HOW IS IT USED
The App typically collects two kinds of information: (a) information that you provide that personally identifies you (“PII”); and (b) information that does not personally identify you, which we automatically collect when you use the App or that you provide us (“non-PII”).
Personally Identifiable Information (“PII”):  As a general policy, we do not automatically collect PII when you access or use the App. In certain circumstances, we may request, allow or otherwise provide you an opportunity to submit PII in such as when sending user feedback.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information (“non-PII”): Our definition of non-PII is any information that does not personally identify you. Non-PII can include certain PII that has been de-identified; that is, information that has been rendered anonymous. We obtain Non-PII about you from information that you provide us, either separately or together with your PII. We also automatically collect certain Non-PII from you when you access our App. We may also receive non-PII from third party sources. This information can include, but is not limited to, your mobile operating system, information about the way you use the App, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device's unique device ID, the IP address of your mobile device, and general geographic information. Furthermore a) Device and Usage Information may include (i) information specific to your mobile device (e.g., make, model, operating system, advertising identifier and similar information); (ii) information about your use of features, functions, or notifications on the device. Whereas b) Location Information allows us to periodically determine your location.
Purchases: We do not collect user billing information when in-app purchases or subscription purchases are made. All transactions are handled through the user’s iTunes account and is managed by Apple, Inc.
2. HOW WE USE & SHARE INFORMATION OBTAINED VIA THE APP
PII:
The PII you submit to us is generally used to carry out your requests, respond to your inquiries, better serve you, or in other ways naturally associated with the circumstances in which you provided the information. We may also use this information to later contact you for a variety of reasons, such as customer service, providing you promotional information for our products or those of our parent company, subsidiaries or other affiliated companies (“affiliated companies”), or to communicate with you about content or other information you have posted or shared with us via our App.
In certain instances we may also share your PII with our third party vendors performing functions on our behalf (or on behalf of our affiliated companies).  – e.g., vendors that analyze our data, assist us with customer service, etc. Our vendors agree to use this information, and we share information with them, only to carry out our requests.
Non-PII:
We use Non-PII in a variety of ways, including to help analyze use of our App, understand customer needs and trends and to improve our App or services. We may use your Non-PII by itself or aggregate it with information we have obtained from others. We may share your Non-PII with our affiliated companies and third parties to achieve these objectives and others. We share the information we collect with third-party business partners who commit to comply with applicable laws concerning their usage of the information.
3. AGE LIMIT
The use of our applications and websites are not intended for users under 13. You may not use our applications or websites if you are under the age limit for processing data in your region, unless your parent or guardian gives you permission. We do not knowingly collect any information of users under 18. If we become aware of any data of unintended users, we will delete this data immediately.
4. GDPR USER RIGHTS
General Data Protection Regulation, a part of European Union law, grants individuals from member states of European Union rights regarding their personal data. These rights are as follows:
Right of access – the right to be informed on your personal data processed by us and request a copy of it
Right to Rectification – the right to request for amendment of the inaccurate personal data or to complete the incomplete personal data
Right to Erasure - the right to request for deletion of your personal data
Right to Restrict - the right to request for terminate processing all or some of your personal data
Right to Data Portability - the right to request a copy of your personal data processed by us in electronic format and transmit those data to another party
Right to Object – the right to object us, at any time to processing your personal data
Rights in relation to automated decision making and profiling - not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing – this right includes profiling, which produces legal effects on you or similarly significant effect.
You have the right to make these requests. If the data retention period has expired and there is no longer a record, then the right to access, the right to erasure, the right to rectification, and the right to data portability cannot be enforced.
5. HOW LONG DO WE STORE DATA
Personally identifiable information you share with us directly when contacting us is usually removed once your case is resolved. We may store data longer or delete data earlier if necessary by law.
6. OTHER USES AND INFORMATION
Email Communications:
In certain instances we may communicate with you via email. For example, we may communicate with you via email if you request a particular service or sign up for a feature that involves email communications, the email relates to a purchase you have made with us, we are sending you information about our other products and services, or you consented to being contacted by email for a particular purpose.
Extraordinary Circumstances:
We reserve the right to disclose any PII or Non-PII about you if we are required to do so by law, with respect to copyright and other intellectual property infringement claims, or if we believe that such action is necessary to: (a) fulfill a government request; (b) conform with the requirements of the law or legal process; (c) protect or defend our legal rights or property, our App, or other users.
7. SECURITY
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our App. Please be aware that, although we endeavor to provide reasonable security for the information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
8. LINKS TO THIRD PARTY SITES
We may include links to other third party sites in this app. Please note that these links will direct the user to those sites which are managed by their respective owners. We have no control over and are not responsible for the content and privacy policies of those sites.
9. CHANGES
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use of the App is deemed approval of all changes.