Accounting Software Made Simple for Irish Business
Bullet is your all-in-one solution for invoicing, VAT, payroll, and accounting. Free up your time, stay compliant, and grow.
Try it FREE
1,000s of Irish companies have.
Simplify Your Business Finances
Bullet is easy to use accounting software,
designed in Ireland, for Irish small businesses.
We take the stress out of finances, so you can focus on what you love.
Irish Made, for Irish Businesses
Designed in Ireland
to perfectly align with Irish tax regulations. Get expert help from our team whenever you need it. The only accounting product
authorised by the Central Bank of Ireland.
Simple, Easy, and Your Time Back
Our intuitive interface and automation
save you time and remove errors,
allowing you to shift hours spent on admin to growing your business.
Real, Expert Support
No AI here. Get help from experts who understand Irish business needs.
Bullet offers live support via online chat
to ensure you get the most out of our platform and stay compliant.
Streamline and Grow Your Business
Bullet simplifies financial management, from invoicing and VAT to payroll and accounting, tailored for Irish businesses.
Bullet Accounting Software Key Features
Streamline your operations and
ensure compliance
with ease.
Invoicing
Create and send invoices in seconds, track payments, and get paid.						.
VAT & Tax
Automate calculations, ensure accuracy, and stay compliant.						.
Getting Paid
Offer instant payment options and get paid faster.						.
Payroll
Simplify payslips, taxes, and payroll returns.						.
Expenses
Track and categorise expenses effortlessly.						.
Accounting
Get clear financial reports and prepare end-of-year accounts with confidence.						.
Your Data is Central Bank Safe
The only Irish accounting and payroll product
authorised
by the
Central Bank of Ireland,
and European Central Bank
Loved by Irish Small Businesses
Don’t just
take our word
for it.
See what
other Irish businesses are saying
about Bullet.
Amazing system
so user friendly
and makes everything so simple. I tried sage for a week and this system makes theirs looks like rocket science. Highly recommend
Mark Ryan
Easy & Quick to setup,
use and get used to.  Great for small businesses and really good value for money
Stephen Parsons
I have used other web based accounting packages and had a lot of frustrations with them but
Bullet takes a lot of the pain out of invoicing
and collecting money and makes a lot of sense for the non-accountants among us. The integration with Revolut is also a bonus.
I love it.
Brian Walsh
I'm in the graphic design/drafting business (Aux1 Design) and I've been using
Bullet for my accounts for 9+ years
now. I've always found it to be a very user friendly, intuitive and reliable system which takes all the hassle away from that side of my business and any blips at my end were quickly dealt with by their excellent support team.
I would highly recommend these guys.
Kevin O'Sullivan aux1 Design, Dublin
Simplify Your Irish Business Accounting
Join the thousands of Irish businesses who trust Bullet. Try it out for free and see the difference.
Try it NOW. Free!
100s of Irish Businesses have