Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: 22 Dec 2022
All topics
All topics
The products and services we provide
The types of personal data we collect
Information that you provide to us
Information that we collect or generate about you
Information that we obtain from other sources
How we use your information
Marketing communications
Disclosure of your personal data to third parties
Other important information
Communications disclaimer
Contact us
How long we keep your personal data
How we safeguard your personal data
Your rights
At Virgin Mobile UAE, your privacy is extremely important to us and we are committed to keeping all your personal data secure. This Privacy Policy explains how we use the personal data that we collect or generate, both in relation to our website and in the course of carrying on our commercial activities and providing you with our products and services.
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, “we” means Emirates Integrated Telecommunications Company PJSC (EITC), doing business as du and Virgin Mobile UAE.
The products and services we provide
This Privacy Policy concerns information we collect and process about you:
to deliver our products and services to you;
to improve our products and services and develop new ones; and
to manage our network and help us operate our business.
The types of personal data we collect
Many of the products and services we offer require us to obtain personal data about you in order to perform the services we have been engaged to provide.
Please note that we need to collect certain information due to requirements of applicable law or regulation and if such information is not shared with us, you may be unable to access our website or receive our products or services.
In particular, we will collect and process the following personal data about you:
Information that you provide to us
This includes information about you that you provide when you sign up as or enquire about becoming a du or Virgin Mobile UAE customer. It may also include information you provide if you get in touch with us to ask something or take part in any surveys, promotions, competitions or prize draws. Such information may include:
Basic personal data about who you are, such as your name, address, gender, age, email address, and postal address.
Any relevant identification documentation required due to applicable law or regulation or for credit verification purposes.
How you pay for your services, including your debit or credit card details, bank details and other payment information.
Your interests and preferences.
Information that we collect or generate about you
This includes information derived from your use of our networks, mobile, WiFi or other du or Virgin Mobile UAE products and services, including:
Service usage details, including your call, text, browsing and billing records.
Your network location when you make or receive phone calls, messages or use the internet.
Your IP address from which you access the internet, the date and time you access a website, and the web pages you visit.
Your background location based on your device’s Global Positioning System (GPS).
Your use of your du or Virgin Mobile UAE account(s), including things such as when and how much you top up and pay your bill, or how often and why you access your account with us.
Information that we obtain from other sources
We also collect information from other third-party service providers, agencies or other publicly available sources where applicable, including credit reference and fraud prevention agencies.
How we use your information
Your personal data may be stored and processed by us in a number of ways, although most commonly we use your information to:
Assess your application for du or Virgin Mobile UAE products and services, where applicable.
Process your order and set you up as a customer of du or Virgin Mobile UAE.
Understand your needs and interests.
Keep in touch with you about the products and services you have purchased.
Supply and improve our products and services and to develop new ones.
Provided you’ve given us your consent, tell you about products, services, special offers or competitions that we think may be of interest to you, whether by phone, post, email, text, or other ways.
Keep our records up to date.
Manage your du or Virgin Mobile UAE accounts and help you to manage your Virgin Mobile UAE accounts and related profiles.
Sort out a payment, put your order through our system or deliver a product or service to you.
Keep things secure and conduct analysis to detect malicious data and attacks on devices and systems.
Prevent crime, fraud and money laundering.
Manage our network and your use of our network, including putting calls through or connecting you to and monitoring your use of the internet.
Understand feedback on our products and services.
Look into any complaints or questions you may raise.
Recover any money you might owe us, assign your debt to permitted third parties and look after any credit you might have.
Manage and administer our business.
Manage and administer our website.
Understand the accuracy and performance of our services.
Provide location-based services.
Carry out statistical monitoring and analysis to help us improve our website and services.
Comply with and assess compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations, as well as internal policies and procedures.
Whenever we use your personal data, we comply with applicable law. We use your information in the ways described above and share the information as described below because:
We need to so that we can provide you with products and services and to manage your account with us.
We need to use some of your information to comply with legal and regulatory obligations (such as legal obligations to keep details of calls made by customers for a certain period of time)
Some of our use of your information is necessary for our legitimate business interests (such as effectively and efficiently managing the operation of our business, conducting market research and preventing fraud and money laundering to minimise our credit and fraud risks and protect our business).
• You have given your consent to us using your data in relation to some forms of use. For example, in relation to using your information to send you marketing messages. You can opt in and out of this at any time, as explained below.
Marketing communications
If you are a du customer you can choose to receive information on our latest offers, deals and promotions via SMS by sending a blank SMS to 7000, completely free of charge. The request will be processed within 14 days. If you are a Virgin Mobile customer you can choose to receive information on our latest offers, deals and promotions through the Virgin Mobile application. Once you’ve made your choice and chosen to receive information you will receive updated information on offers, deals and promotions, between 7am to 9pm on any day.
If you are a du customer and, at a later date, you’d like to stop receiving information about our offers, deals and promotions, you can opt-out or unsubscribe from the mailing list at any time by contacting our Customer Care department at
customer.care@du.ae
or by sending a “UNSUB” SMS to 5293, completely free of charge. You can also request that we block any messages by sending a “B All” to 7726.
If you are a Virgin Mobile customer and, at a later date, you’d like to stop receiving information about our offers, deals and promotions, you can opt-out or unsubscribe from the mailing list at any time by contacting our Customer Care department at
info@virginmobile.ae
or by sending “UNSUB” to 5293, completely free of charge. You can also request that we block any messages by sending a “B All” to 7726.
Requests will be processed as soon as possible, after which no further information about our offers, deals and promotions will be received. When you subscribe to one of our products or services, we will also tell you upfront about your options to unsubscribe from any future communications from us, so you don’t have to keep referring back to this page.
Your opt out requests are automatically collected and recorded on our system for us and you to refer back to.
Please note that if you choose to opt-out or unsubscribe from receiving information on offers and promotions from us, you will continue to receive important account-related information, such as bill payment reminders, etc.
Disclosure of your personal data to third parties
We may share your personal data within the EITC group of companies for the purposes described above. We will take steps to ensure that access to personal data is restricted to employees who have a legitimate interest in the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. We may also share your personal data with others outside of du or Virgin Mobile in connection with the purposes described above. This might mean sharing that information with:
Our partner companies or agencies and their sub-contractors or prospective partners who help us run our services.
Provided you’ve given us your consent, selected third parties whose products and services we think you’d be interested in.
Third Party agents and contractors for the purposes of providing services to us and helping us to improve our services (for example, reputable third parties who help process your order and for credit verification purposes)
With our partners and contractors for market and other research.
Credit reference and fraud prevention agencies when we exchange information on payment performance and your financial situation to check your credit score.
These third parties will be required to take all reasonable and appropriate data protection measures to protect the confidentiality of your personal data.
We might also share your information:
With any public authority or law enforcement agency (if they ask for it).
To comply with law or regulations, or for possible legal proceedings. That consent (for example, you can opt out of receiving marketing messages from us). Please note that we may still be entitled to process your information if we have another legitimate reason (other than consent) for doing so.
The right to ask that we update your information if it is inaccurate or incomplete.
The right to request that we restrict the processing of your information in certain circumstances. Again, there may be circumstances where you ask us to restrict the processing of your information, but we are legally entitled or required to refuse that request.
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact us using the details provided below.
You can also check and update some of your account information whenever you like by visiting
https://myaccount.du.ae/servlet/myaccount/en/home.html
and logging in to your du account or, if you’re Virgin Mobile customer, by logging into the Virgin Mobile application.
Other important information
This Privacy Policy applies to how we use your information in relation to our website and products and services generally. If you are signing up for our products and services, there may be extra terms and conditions to look at. We will tell you about those when you sign up for the service or at another appropriate time.
Communications disclaimer
Please remember that any emails or other communications you send over the internet aren't entirely safe unless they've been encrypted. Please also note that communications over the internet may be monitored in accordance with the laws of the United Arab Emirates.
Contact us
If you want to know more about how we use your personal data or to raise any queries or concerns with us in relation to your personal data, you can contact our Customer Care department at
customer.care@du.ae
or
info@virginmobile.ae
if you’re a Virgin Mobile UAE customer. We are usually able to resolve privacy questions or concerns promptly and effectively.
If you give us personal information that's wrong or we find out (or think) you're responsible for fraud. In these circumstances we might share your information with third parties such as law enforcement agencies, credit reference agencies and other affected third parties.
If there's an emergency and we think you or other people are at risk.
We will not publish your personal data on any public telecommunications directories and databases without your prior consent. You can contact our Customer Care department at
customer.care@du.ae
or
info@virginmobile.ae
if you’re a Virgin Mobile customer to change or remove your information from any such database if you wish.
How long we keep your personal data
There are certain reasons we have to keep hold of your personal data and how long we will hold it for will vary and will be determined by the following cumulative criteria:
the purpose for which we are using it – we will need to keep your personal data while you're our customer or after you've left us, but only in accordance with our data retention policies; and
legal obligations – laws or regulation may set a minimum period for which we have to keep your personal data.
How we safeguard your personal data
We ensure the safe processing and storage of your information at all times by operating and maintaining physical, electronic and procedural safeguards and we restrict access only to authorised personnel. The effectiveness of these safeguards is periodically tested. We have extensive controls and mechanisms in place designed to detect, respond and recover in case of adverse events that may arise.
Your rights
In some circumstances, you may have certain rights in relation to the information that we hold about you, including:
The right to request details of the information we have about you.
The right to withdraw your consent to the use of your information where we are relying on that consent (for example, you can opt out of receiving marketing messages from us). Please note that we may still be entitled to process your information if we have another legitimate reason (other than consent) for doing so.
The right to ask that we update your information if it is inaccurate or incomplete.
The right to request that we restrict the processing of your information in certain circumstances. Again, there may be circumstances where you ask us to restrict the processing of your information, but we are legally entitled or required to refuse that request.
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact us using the details provided below.
You can also check and update some of your account information whenever you like by visiting
https://myaccount.du.ae/servlet/myaccount/en/home.html
and logging in to your du account (or, if you’re Virgin Mobile customer, by logging into the Virgin Mobile application).