Privacy Policy
01.01.2020
Your privacy is critically important to us. Our privacy policy will
explain how personal information is collected, used and disclosed by GeoLoc
application and services. If you have questions or complaints regarding our privacy
policy or practices, please contact us at
cn@geoloc.app
. Our privacy policy may be modified
from time-to-time. We will alert you that changes have been made by indicating
on our privacy policy the date it was last updated. If we make any material
changes we will notify you by email or by means of a notice on this web site
prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review
this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
1. What is Personal Information?
“Personal Information" is
personally identifiable information such as your name, telephone number, and
any other non-public information about you that is associated with or linked to
any of the foregoing information. Personal information does not include
aggregate information, which is data we collect about the use of GeoLoc. Our
privacy policy does not restrict or limit our collection and use of aggregate
information.
2. What Personal Information Does
GeoLoc Collect?
- Registration and Profile
Information. When you create an account, we may collect your personal
information such as your username, mobile phone number and a photo, if you
chose to have a photo associated with your account. If you want to add a child
or family member’s name to your account, we collect the child or family
member’s name, and mobile phone number.
- Geolocation. We collect your
unique user identifier and your location through GPS, WiFi, or wireless network
triangulation in order to obtain your location for the purposes of providing
our Service. We collect the location of your designated Location Alerts to
provide notifications when arrive and leave special Place.
- Messages and User Content. We
collect information when you message other members of your Family through use
of the service. We may also retain any messages you send to us.
Automatically collected information
through the use of technology: When you visit our website or use our mobile
app, we and our business partners may collect certain information about your
computer or device through technology such as cookies, web beacons, log files,
or other tracking/recording tools. The information we collect through the use
of tracking technologies includes, but is not limited to, IP address, browser
information, referring/exit pages and URLs, click stream data and how you
interact with links on the website, mobile app, or Service, domain names,
landing pages, page views, cookie data that allows us to uniquely identify your
browser, browsing behavior on our site, mobile device type, mobile device IDs
or other persistent identifiers, and location data collected from your mobile
device. Some or all of this data may be combined with other personally
identifying information described above. We use this information to: Remember
information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the
next time you visit the site or mobile app; Provide custom, personalized
content and information; Monitor the effectiveness of our Service and our
marketing campaigns; Monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of
visitors, users, traffic, and demographic patterns; Diagnose or fix technology
problems reported by our Users or engineers that are associated with certain IP
addresses or User IDs; Automatically update our mobile application on your
system and related devices.
3. How Does GeoLoc Use the Personal
Information?
Generally, GeoLoc collects, stores,
uses and discloses information to enable us to:
- provide GeoLoc service;
- create your account;
- identify you as a user;
- respond to your inquiries and
emails;
- improve the application.
Except as set out in this Privacy Policy, your personal Information will not be
used for any other purpose without informing you first by updating this Privacy
Policy. We do not sell customer lists or any personal information to third parties.
Anonymous aggregate statistics that do not personally identify GeoLoc user will
be kept and used by us for various purposes including analysis and reporting of
usage patterns.
4. Data sharing with 3rd parties.
All private user data is stored inside mainland China on AlibabaCloud. Also, we collect anonymous analytics data using different services including, but not limited to, AppsFlyer, Hockey App Center, Yandex Metrica. We do not process this data and aren't giving access to it to third-parties.
5. User Access and Choice.
If your personal information
changes, or if you no longer desire our service, you may email us at
cn@geoloc.app
to deactivate your account. You may also correct, update, or amend your
personal information in your profile settings within GeoLoc app or by emailing
us. Removing GeoLoc from your mobile device will not delete the personal
information has retained about you. If you leave the family, we will retain
your user content in the event that you would like to access in the future.
Your user content can be deleted permanently by emailing a request to
cn@geoloc.app
.
6. Responsibility of the parties.
You are solely responsible for your interaction with other users of the
GeoLoc application. You agree that GeoLoc is not responsible for the behavior
of any user or the use of any function of the application. Rely on common sense
and reason when interacting with other people, including when using personal or
other information.
7. Questions?
Please contact us at
cn@geoloc.app
if you have any questions about our privacy policy.