PRIVACY AND DATA POLICY
ISSUED BY CKGAMES
Last Updated: 15/10/2021
INTRODUCTION AND GENERAL TERMS
These terms apply to the use of games and other products developed by CKGAMES (
‘CKG’
/
‘we’
/
‘us’
). Our registered office is at Ankara, Turkey.
This privacy and data policy (“
Privacy Policy
”) applies and has effect in respect of all games, related online services (including online network play connectivity and interactivity) and other software and products made available by us (together the “
Game(s)
“), as well as any other online features relating to the Games including our
website
(the “
Website
”). Together the Game(s), and Website are referred to as the “
Online Services
”.
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at dzkdes@gmail.com
We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. The Privacy Policy explains the basis on which personal information we collect from you will be processed by us or on our behalf. Where we decide the purpose or means for which personal data you supply through these Online Services is processed, we are the “data controller.” We will comply with all applicable data protection laws, including the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully as it contains important information about the following:
What information we may collect about you;
How we will use information we collect about you;
Whether we will disclose your details to anyone else; and
Your choices and rights regarding the personal information you have provided to us.
This Privacy Policy forms a part of and should be read in conjunction with our terms of use.
The Online Services may contain hyperlinks to services owned and operated by third parties. These third party services may have their own privacy policies and we recommend that you review them. They will govern the use of personal information that you submit or which is collected by cookies and other tracking technologies whilst using these services. We do not accept any responsibility or liability for the privacy practices of such third party services and your use of these is at your own risk.
We may make changes to this Privacy Policy in future, which will be posted on this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure you are aware of any changes. Where appropriate we may notify you of changes through the Games.
INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT ABOUT YOU
We collect and process the following information which may include your personal data.
a)
Information provided by you when using the Games
(“Basic Information”)
We may collect the following information from you when you play our Games:
your mobile device’s unique device ID (Device ID);
your user preferences; and
Core information related to your gameplay, such as your overall progression to a particular level or stage, your virtual currency stores or the completion of certain activities during your gameplay (for example, completing a tutorial, passing a level, making a purchase or viewing a video ad).
b)
Information used for the purposes of serving advertisements
(“Advertising Data”)
Through our third party advertising network partners, we may gather information about your devices when you install or play our Games, depending on the permissions you’ve granted. This may include:
the make, model and operating system of your device;
properties of your device, such as screen size and orientation, audio volume and battery;
the mobile network operator linked to your device;
the Games played;
the country, time zone and locale settings on your device (i.e. country and preferred language);
network connection type and speed;
IP Address;
MAC address;
internet browser used to access the Games; and
the advertiser ID, which is an identifier unique to you if you use an Apple or Android device, but which doesn’t reveal your name.
c)
Information collected for the purposes of providing analytics
(“Analytics”)
We may collect technical information about your use of the Online Services through the use of tracking technologies and analytics.
Personal data we may collect includes the following:
your Device ID;
your user ID (which is generated by us and allocated to you when you first play our games);
your device operating system & version;
your device make and model;
game play attempts, progression and results;
session game time start, end and duration;
purchase transaction types and spend you have made using virtual items in the Games;
the country of your Device;
the time, date and install source of your first download (e.g. from a clicked advertisement);
advertisements viewed and clicked; and
identification of crashes and defects.
d)
Information about you collected from third parties
(“Third Party Log In Information”)
When you access the Games via a third party social media provider such as Facebook, we may collect and store personal and non-personal information which is available on that third party social media provider, such as your Facebook name, your profile picture or its URL, your Facebook ID and other public data of your friends, provided that you have expressly agreed to the use of Facebook within the Games. We will also receive technical data in order to ensure the Games connect to the correct Facebook account.
WHY WE COLLECT INFORMATION ABOUT YOU
a)
To provide our Games to you
We will use information about you (including Basic Information, Third Party Log In Information, Analytics and User Content) for delivering our Games to you under the terms of use agreed between us. The processing of information in this way is necessary for us to record your progress and current status within a Game, and to ensure the Games deliver the features promised and function properly, so that you have the best experience when playing any one of our Games.
b)
To help us improve the Online Services and fix any problems
We may process information about you (including Basic Information, User Content and Analytics) so that we can analyse and improve our Games and Online Services.
This processing is also necessary for us to pursue our legitimate interests of (i) ensuring that our Online Services function properly so that you and other users have the best experience when playing any of our Game(s) and using the other Online Services; (ii) improving the quality of our Online Services, and providing a better experience to our users; (iii) identifying and correcting any bugs in the Games and Online Services and iv) understanding the effectiveness of our marketing to attract new users and re-engage our current users at an aggregated level.
d)
To acquire new users and engage current users
We may process information (including some Advertising Data and Analytics) to encourage engagement from our less active users and to notify them with new virtual items or other promotions on offer.
We may also process this information to pursue our legitimate interests of acquiring new users for our Games.
We use various forms of marketing to acquire new users. The information we collect about you may be used to improve the relevancy of our marketing, including the creation of ‘lookalike’ audiences. This allows us to offer more relevant marketing to potential new service users without using information that personally identifies you.
e)
To improve the monetisation of the Games via in-app purchases
We may process information (including Basic Information, User Content, Advertising Data and Analytics) to understand how users use our Games, and to compile statistical reports regarding that activity, as well as understanding how users progress, and their current status within a Game. This processing is necessary for us to pursue our legitimate interests of improving the Games and increasing the amount of revenue generated via in-app purchases. This may include the implementation of dynamic pricing models, so that in-app purchases are priced according to relevant factors, such as geography and gameplay progression so that we can offer temporary promotional discounts.
f)
For advertising purposes
We may process Advertising Data to show you advertisements for third party services; including advertising that may reward you with benefits during your use of the Games.
The information we collect about you may be used to understand how advertisements placed in our Games have performed or how many people have viewed certain advertisements. We aggregate this information so that it does not personally identify you or permit you to be treated individually.
We may also use this information to reward users with benefits that can be used for further enjoyment of the Games from the viewing of certain advertising placed in our Games.
We will not pass or process your information for the purposes of marketing by third parties unless you give your consent should we ask for it. After you have given your consent, you may withdraw it at any time.
We may use the information we collect about you to serve you targeted advertisements in our Games. We do this to provide you with more relevant advertising content. We work with the following third party advertising networks :
Chartboost –
https://answers.chartboost.com/en-us/articles/115001489623
Adcolony –
https://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/
Facebook –
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
Unity –
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Google –
https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads
If you would like to find out more about the way these third parties collect and process your information please refer to their respective privacy policies and/or terms and conditions by clicking on the links provided above.
g)
To prevent fraud and illegal activity
We process personal data for our legitimate interests of ensuring that any use of the Online Services is lawful and non-fraudulent, does not disrupt the operation of our services, does not harass our staff or other individuals, to enforce our legal rights and to comply with our legal obligations.
Where we reasonably believe that you are or may be in breach of any applicable laws or our terms of use, we may use your personal information to inform relevant third parties such as your law enforcement agencies about the content.
We reserve the right to disclose your identity to any third party who is claiming that any User Content posted by you constitutes a violation of their intellectual property rights, or of their right to privacy. You may not copy, download, or embed any User Content without the express written permission of the content owner. You may not use any User Content for any commercial purposes, or any public performances.
We work with Apple and Google to assist us with fraud prevention and the detection of any illegal activity (e.g. to verify in-app purchases made through iTunes and Google Play).
DATA SHARING
We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this Privacy Policy
Group members, personnel, suppliers or subcontractors: We keep your information confidential, but may disclose it to any member of our group (which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, as defined in section 1159 of the Companies Act 2006), our personnel, suppliers or subcontractors insofar as it is reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. However, this is on the basis that they do not make independent use of the information, and have agreed to safeguard it.
Merger or acquisition: If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, any third party to which we sell or transfer our assets to will have the right to continue to use the personal and other information that you provide us in the manner set out in this Privacy Policy.
Required by law: In addition, we may disclose your information to the extent that we are required to do so by law (which may include to government bodies and law enforcement agencies); in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings; and in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention).
Enforcement: We may also disclose your personal information to third parties in order to enforce or apply the terms of agreements, to investigate potential breaches, or to protect the rights, property or safety of FFG, our customers, or others.
Digital Content Stores: Where the Games are downloaded through Google Play, iTunes and/or Amazon Appstore, we may disclose your personal information to Google, Apple and/or Amazon respectively for the purposes of facilitating any in-Game payments made through these platforms.
AUTOMATED DECISION MAKING
We may use automated decision making methods which do not involve human involvement to process your information only in the ways that are described in this Privacy Policy
We may process your personal information via automated decision making methods in order to identify users who are suspected of cheating in the Games. Our automated decision making methods are designed to detect cheating by looking out for (i) excessive currency stores against actual completed gameplay; and (ii) excessive content against actual purchases made and completed gameplay.
If users are determined to be or suspected of cheating the following actions may be taken and which will be unknown to the user:
an increase in the number of advertisements displayed within the Games; and
an increase in the frequency of suspected cheats playing against other suspected cheats.
We may block users from the Games and/or the Online Services who are determined to be cheating following an automated decision process. In this scenario the user will be notified of the outcome and will have the right to obtain human intervention to express his or her point of view and to contest the decision to block access to the Games and/or the Online Services.
CONSUMER CONTROL AND OPT-OUT OPTIONS
If you do not wish to be part of a lookalike campaign, receive notifications from us or be served with targeted advertisements you can opt-out by changing your advertising and notification settings on your device directly.
You can withdraw your consent to targeted advertising by changing your advertising settings on your device at any time.
YOUR RIGHTS IN RELATION TO PERSONAL DATA WHICH WE PROCESS RELATING TO YOU
You have the following rights over the way we process personal data relating to you, as set out in the table below. We aim to comply without undue delay, and within one month at the latest.
To make a request, please let our Data Protection Officer know by sending an email to dzkdes@gmail.com.
a)
Ask for a copy of data we are processing about you and have inaccuracies corrected
You have the right to request a copy of the personal information we hold about you and to have any inaccuracies corrected.
We will use reasonable efforts to the extent required by law to supply, correct or delete personal information held about you on our files (and with any third parties to whom it has been disclosed to).
b)
Object to us processing data about you
You can ask us to restrict, stop processing, or to delete your personal data if:
you consented to our processing the personal data, and have withdrawn that consent;
we no longer need to process that personal data for the reason it was collected;
we are processing that personal data because it is in the public interest or it is in order to pursue a legitimate interest of FFG or a third party, you don’t agree with that processing, and there is no overriding legitimate interest for us to continue processing it;
the personal data was unlawfully processed;
you need the personal data to be deleted in order to comply with legal obligations;
the personal data is processed in relation to the offer of a service to a child.
c)
Obtain a machine readable copy of your personal data, which you can use with another service provider
If we are processing data in order to perform our obligations to you, or because you consented, or if that processing is carried out by automated means, we will help you to move, copy or transfer your personal data to other IT systems.
If you request, we will supply you with the relevant personal data in digital format. Where it is technically feasible, you can ask us to send this information directly to another IT system provider if you prefer.
d)
Make a complaint to a Supervisory Authority
If you are unhappy with the way we are processing your personal data, please let us know by contacting us via the email.
If you do not agree with the way we have processed your data or responded to your concerns, an alternative is to submit a complaint to a Data Protection Supervisory Authority.
DATA RETENTION
We will hold your personal information on our systems for as long as is necessary for the relevant service, or as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy.
CHILDREN
We do not use our Online Services to knowingly solicit information from or market to children under the age of 13. Our terms of use prohibit users aged under 13 years from accessing our Online Services. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under 13 years of age we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13 years of age please contact us at dzkdes@gmail.com.
SECURITY
We will take all reasonable technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss misuse or alteration of your personal information. For example, our databases are password protected and limited to essential employees only (such as FFG management or employees whose main role requires system access).
Please be aware that, although we endeavour to provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
CONTACT INFORMATION
All questions, comments or enquiries should be directed to FFG at dzkdes@gmail.com. We will endeavour to respond to any query or questions within three business days.
© 2018 CKGAMES Limited. All trade marks are the property of the relevant owners. All rights reserved.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/:
Notice at Collection and Website
Privacy Policy
Last Updated
: October 2023.
We at Digital Turbine, Inc. (“
Digital Turbine
,” “
we
,” “
us,
” or “
our
”) put great efforts into making sure that we secure personal information related to you and use it properly.
The notice at collection (“
Notice at Collection
”) and privacy policy (“
Policy
,” and collectively: the “
Notices
”) provided on this page explain our privacy practices for processing personal information related to you when you use our website at
www.digitalturbine.com
(the “
Website
”).
The term “
personal information
” refers to information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular individual consumer or household that identifies an individual or relates to an identifiable individual. For example, personal information is your name, email address, telephone number, and other contact details that you submit to us or that we collect from your mobile device or app.
These Notices apply to visitors to our Website (“
Customers
”).
The summary of this policy will give you a quick and clear view of our practices. Please take the time to read our full policy. If you disagree with this Privacy Policy, please do not access or use our Website.
The Policy Summary below will give you a quick and clear view of our practices. The first six headings in the summary also serve as the Notice at Collection.
Notice at Collection and Summary of the Policy
Categories of personal information you provide us.
We receive and store any information you enter on our Website or give us in any other way. If you register for our newsletter blog or fill out any form on our Website, we will collect your name, company name, and work email address.
Read More
Categories of personal information that we collect
We automatically log ‘traffic/session’ information, including IP addresses and user agents. We collect session durations and additional activity information.
Read More below
Categories of sensitive personal information
The Website is not intended to collect sensitive personal information (within the meaning of US Privacy Laws), we do not knowingly collect such data, and we require that you do not provide us with such data.
Read More below
What do we do with personal information?
We maintain the Website, make it better and continue developing it, and protect us and the Website from misuse and law violations.
Read More below
Who do we disclose, share, or sell personal information with or to?
We use service providers, for example, to send email messages and to store data. We will transfer personal information when we change our corporate structure and share the information with our affiliate entities. We will also obey authorities’ orders and other lawful requirements to disclose information.
Read More below
How long do we retain personal information?
We retain personal information for the length of time required to provide the Website and/or the newsletter or blog to the extent you signed up to either one and for legitimate and lawful purposes, as further explained in the
data retention section
of this policy.
Read More below
Your choices and rights
General:
We will give you various choices about how we use and share personal information related to you, and we will respect your choices. You can stop using the Website, newsletter, or blog at any time or request that your subscription be terminated, following which we will stop collecting personal information related to you. You also have rights under applicable laws, as further detailed in the Policy.
Read More below
US Laws:
In addition to your rights under other sections of the Policy, if you are a United States resident, you have additional rights applicable to processing personal information related to you, as further detailed in the Policy.
Read More below
Exercising your rights
You can terminate your subscription to our newsletter or blog or request that your account be terminated by contacting us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
.
You can unsubscribe to our mailing lists by clicking the “Unsubscribe” link in these emails and confirming the email address for which you would like to unsubscribe.
You can request to exercise any of the rights detailed under this policy by contacting us.
Suppose you are a resident of the United States. In that case, you can also exercise your rights to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information related to you by visiting our
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Information
page.
Aggregated and analytical information.
Aggregated data is not identifiable. We use it for legitimate business purposes and standard analytical tools.
Read More below
Specific provisions for U.S. residents
Suppose you reside in the United States (U.S.). In that case, further terms apply to our processing about your rights as a data subject under U.S. state laws governing the protection of privacy and personal information, for example, the California Privacy Rights Act of 2022 (CPRA).
Read More below
Transfer of Personal information outside your territory
We keep personal information related to you in the United States and will store it at additional sites at our discretion. Our service providers provide us with adequate security and confidentiality commitments.
Read More below
Cookies and other tracking technologies
We use cookies to make it easier to log in and facilitate any website activity.
Read More below
Information Security
We implement systems, applications, and procedures to secure personal information related to you to minimize the risks of theft, damage, loss of information, or unauthorized access or use of information.
Read More below
Dispute Resolution
Contact us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
or write us for every request and complaint. We will make good-faith efforts to resolve any existing or potential dispute with you.
Read More below
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We will update our policy from time to time after giving proper notice.
Read More below
Incorporation of the Terms of Use
This policy is an integral part of the Digital Turbine’s
Terms of Use
or, if applicable, of any other Digital Turbine service subscription agreement between you (or the entity you are acting on its behalf) and us.
Read More below
Contact Us
Don’t hesitate to contact us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
for further information.
Read More below
The Digital Turbine Website Privacy Policy
Categories of Personal Information That You Provide Us
We receive and store any information you enter on our Website or give us in any other way. For example, when you contact us via the Website, we receive any information you provide.
When you contact us to apply for a job with us, you provide us with personal information related to you, which we process for recruitment and general HR purposes.
Categories of Personal Information That We Collect
Like many websites, we use “cookies” (for further information about cookies, please see our
Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies Policy
), and we obtain information when your browser accesses our Website.
We also receive information about your online activity from third-party analytics services when you use the Website. For more information, please see this policy’s “Aggregated and Analytical Information” section.
Examples of such information we collect and analyze include the Internet Protocol (IP) address, login, e-mail address, device and connection information such as browser type, version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system, and platform.
What Do We Do with Personal Information?
We use personal information related to you for the following purposes:
To provide you with the Website, newsletter, or blog you may have registered to or to contact you if you filled out a form requesting us to do so;
to provide you with notifications related to your use of the Website, such as electronic newsletters, blogs, or promotional emails;
to solicit your feedback and provide support;
to maintain the Website and to continue developing and making it better;
We obey the law and expect you to do the same. If necessary, we will use personal information related to you to enforce our terms, policies, and legal agreements, to comply with court orders and warrants, and assist law enforcement agencies, to collect debts, prevent fraud, misappropriation, infringements, identity thefts and any other misuse of our Website, and to take any action in any legal dispute and proceeding.
We commit to process personal information related to you solely for the purposes described in this policy.
Who do we Disclose, Share, or Sell Personal Information related to you with?
We do not sell, rent, or lease personal information related to you.
Personal information related to you is shared with certain employees, external consultants, and our affiliates, who are all governed by this Policy.
We also share personal information related to you with our vendors worldwide and third-party service providers that process your personal information on our behalf. Such vendors and service providers are contractually bound to keep personal information related to you confidential and appropriately secure.
A merger, acquisition, or any other structural change will require us to transfer personal information related to you to another entity as part of the structural change, provided that the receiving entity will comply with this policy.
We will share personal information related to you only subject to the terms of this policy or subject to your prior consent.
We will need to disclose personal information related to you in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
How__Long
How Long Do We Retain Personal Information?
We retain different types of personal information related to you for different periods, depending on the purposes for processing the information, our legitimate business purposes, and pursuant to legal requirements under applicable law.
We will maintain your contact details to help us stay in contact with you. You can contact our privacy team at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
and request to delete your contact details. Note that we will keep your details without using them if necessary and for the necessary period of time for legal requirements and proceedings.
We will retain personal information related to you after you have left our Website if retention is reasonably necessary to resolve disputes between our users, to prevent fraud and abuse, or to enforce this Privacy Policy and our
Terms of Use
. We will keep aggregated non-identifiable information without limitation, and to the extent reasonable, we will delete or de-identify potentially identifiable information when we no longer need to process the information.
In any case, we will keep information about you for as long as you use our Website unless applicable law requires us to delete it or if we decide to remove it at our discretion, according to the terms of this policy and our
Terms of Use
.
Your Choices and Rights
General
‍
The section below applies to all Users, regardless of which laws apply to processing personal information related to them.
We will give you choices about how we use and share personal information related to you, and we will respect your choices.
We will send newsletters or promotional communications to our users. To unsubscribe to these communications, you must click an “Unsubscribe” link in these emails and confirm the email address for which you would like to unsubscribe.
We collect and receive personal information related to you that we need for the purposes described in this policy. You can stop using our Website at any time; thereafter, we will stop collecting personal information related to you. However, as detailed above, we will store and continue to use or make available certain personal information related to you.
You may request that your account be terminated and that personal information related to you be deleted by contacting us. Any termination of your account will involve deleting your account information from our live databases and storing all the information and data for such an account.
You may request a copy of the personal information related to you that we store about you by contacting us. You may also request that we transfer personal information related to you or provide you with copies of such personal information to enable its transfer to a third party.
When we delete personal information related to you that we have collected from or about you, it will be deleted from our active databases. Still, we will keep a reasonable number of copies in our archives. Although we will deactivate your account, we will continue to retain the personal information related to you for legitimate business purposes as set forth above.
Web browsers offer a “Do Not Track” (“
DNT
”) signal. A DNT signal is an HTTP header field indicating your preference for tracking your activities on our Website or through cross-site user tracking. Our Website does not respond to DNT signals.
Additional Rights Applicable to United States Residents
In addition to your rights under the general section above, if you are a resident of the United States (“
US
”), you are also entitled to the following specific rights under federal and state laws and regulations governing the protection of personal information and Privacy (“
US Privacy Laws
”), regarding personal information related to you:
Access and Data Portability
. You have the right to request that we disclose certain information about our collection and use of personal information related to you over the past 12 months. Upon verification of your request, we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you;
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you;
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting that personal information;
The categories of personal information that we disclosed for a business purpose and the categories of third parties with whom we disclosed that particular category of personal information;
The specific pieces of personal information that we collected about you;
Suppose we disclose personal information related to you for a business purpose. In that case, we will provide you with a list identifying the personal information categories each recipient obtained.
Correction
. You have the right to request that we correct inaccurate personal information that we maintain about you.
Deletion
. You have the right to request that we delete any personal information related to you. Upon confirmation of your request, we will delete personal information related to you from our records unless an exception applies. Note that when we delete personal information related to you that we have collected from or about you, it will be deleted from our active databases. Still, we will keep a reasonable number of copies in our archives. We will continue to retain your personal information for legitimate business purposes, as set forth under the section titled
“Specific Provisions for US Residents”
in this policy.
Opt-out of Selling or Sharing
. You have the right to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information related to you or otherwise the use of such data for targeted advertising or profiling for the purpose of making decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you. As detailed above, we do not sell or share personal information. Still, we do engage third parties that collect personal information on our Website to provide us with services that, although they do not pay us for collecting information, the right granted to them may be considered as disclosure for the purpose of sale or sharing. You can opt out of such processing at any time by contacting us or visiting our
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Information
.
Non-discrimination
. You also have a right not to be discriminated against for exercising your rights under US Privacy Laws.
Exercising Your Rights
If you wish to exercise any of your rights in relation to personal information related to you, please send us an email to
privacy@digitalturbine.com
.
You can stop using the Website at any time.
You may also control what personal information we collect from your device by changing the permissions settings on your browser or mobile device.
You may request to exercise the rights detailed under this section by submitting your request to us by emailing
privacy@digitalturbine.com.
Note that only you or a person authorized to act on your behalf may make a request related to personal information related to you. A request for access can be made by you only twice within a 12-month period.
Also note that your request must provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative and describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to understand, evaluate, and respond to it properly.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with the requested personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information related to you. We will only use the personal information provided in your request to verify your identity or authority to make the request.
We will do our best to respond to your request within 30 days of receipt. If we require more time (up to 30 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. We will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding receipt of your request. Our response will also explain why we cannot comply with a request, if applicable.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If the request warrants a fee, we will inform you of the reasons for such a decision and provide a cost estimate before completing your request.
We will not require that you create an account to exercise your rights under this Policy, and we will not increase the cost or decrease the availability of our Website based solely on the fact that you have chosen to exercise one of your rights.
After receiving our reply, you can appeal against our decision by contacting us. We will review your appeal and provide you with our answer and our explanation of the reasons for our decision(s) within 60 days of receiving it. We will also provide you with a link (to the extent available) where you can submit a complaint with the relevant Attorney General or Supervisory Authority, as applicable.
Aggregated and Analytical Information
We use standard analytics tools. The privacy practices of these tools are subject to their own privacy policies, and they use their own cookies to provide their service (for further information about cookies, please see our
Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies Policy
).
We use the standard analytics tools of Google Analytics, and we will use additional or other analytics tools from time to time to learn how you and other users use our Website to support its related activities and operations.
The privacy practices of these tools are subject to their own privacy policies. See Google Analytics Privacy Policy at
Privacy Policy – Privacy & Terms – Google
.
We use anonymous, statistical, or aggregated information and will share it with our partners for legitimate business purposes. It has no effect on your privacy because there is no reasonable way to extract data from the aggregated information that we or others can associate specifically with you.
Specific Provisions for United States Residents
This section applies solely to all visitors, users, and others who reside in the US.
Any terms defined under US Privacy Laws have the same meaning when used in this section.
Additionally, as used under this section and the rest of this Policy, personal information is defined under applicable US Privacy Laws.
This chapter supersedes any contradicting provisions under the other sections of this policy.
We have collected the personal information related to you described above under the sections titled “
Categories of Personal Information You Provide Us
” and “
Categories of Personal Information that We Collect
” of this Policy. Such Information consists of the following categories:
Identifiers and personal information categories are listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding your interaction with the Website.
Commercial information, including products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Geolocation data, namely your physical location or movements.
Inferences are drawn from any of the above-mentioned information.
We obtain the categories of personal information related to you listed above from the following categories of sources:
Directly and indirectly from you and your activity on the Website.
Third parties such as reliable service providers.
We use the personal information related to you that we collect or receive for the purposes mentioned under the section “
What Do We Do With Personal Information
?” of this Policy.
We disclose personal information related to you to third parties for business purposes as described above under the section titled “
Who Do We Disclose, Share, or Sell Personal Information With?
”.
We do not sell personal information related to you.
Categories of Sensitive Personal Information
The Website is not intended to collect sensitive personal information (within the meaning of US Privacy Laws). We do not knowingly collect or allow others to collect sensitive personal information about you, and we require you not to provide us with any such data.
Selling and Sharing Personal Information
We do not sell or share personal information. However, we engage third parties to provide services such as analytics, marketing automation, and user experience and allow them to collect personal information on our Website.
We do not knowingly sell or share consumers’ personal information of children under 16 years of age.
The categories of personal information collected by these third parties in the preceding 12 months include identifiers, online activities, and inferences drawn from such activities.
These third parties do not pay us for collecting such information. Still, the right granted to them to collect personal information may be considered as disclosure for the purpose of sale or sharing for cross-context behavioral advertising. At any time, you can opt out of collecting personal information from our service providers by contacting us or visiting our
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Information
page.
Storing of Personal Information in the United States
In the United States, we store and process information from our Website, including personal information, either directly or using third parties, such as data hosting service providers. Digital Turbine has data centers in the United States.
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to ensure our Website is continuously improved and meets your needs. Please view our
Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies Policy
for more information on our use of cookies.
Information Security
Digital Turbine is committed to ensuring the security of personal information. We and our hosting services implement systems, applications, and procedures to secure personal information related to you to minimize the risks of theft, damage, loss of information, or unauthorized access or use of information. These measures provide sound industry-standard security.
However, please understand that no security system is impenetrable. Although we make efforts to protect your privacy, we cannot guarantee that the Website will be immune from any wrongdoings, malfunctions, unlawful interceptions or access, or other kinds of abuse and misuse.
Dispute Resolution
We do periodical assessments of our data processing and privacy practices to ensure that we comply with this policy, update the policy when we believe that we need to, and verify that we display the policy properly and in an accessible manner. If you have any concerns about how we process personal information related to you, you are welcome to contact our privacy team at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
or write to us.
We will look into your query and make good-faith efforts to resolve any existing or potential dispute with you.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
From time to time, we will update this policy. If the updates have minor, if any, consequences, they will take effect 14 days after we post a notice on the Website. Substantial changes will be effective 30 days after we initially posted the notice.
Until the new policy takes effect, if it materially reduces the protection of your privacy right under the then-existing policy, you can choose not to accept it and stop using our Website. Continuing to use the Website after the new policy takes effect means that you agree to the new policy. Note that if we need to adapt the policy to legal requirements, the new policy will become effective immediately or as required by law.
Incorporation to the Terms of Use
This policy is an integral part of the Digital Turbine
Terms of Use
or, if applicable, of any other service agreement between you (or the entity you are acting on its behalf) and us or any of our corporate affiliates.
Contact Us
Don’t hesitate to get in touch with us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
Sub-policy 1
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation:
Privacy Center home
Search
Privacy topics
More privacy resources
Privacy Policy
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
What information do we collect?
How do we use your information?
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
How do we share information with third parties?
How do the Meta Companies work together?
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
How long do we keep your information?
How do we transfer information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
How will you know the Policy has changed?
How to contact Meta with questions
Legal basis information
Other policies and articles
Settings
Privacy Policy
How we use info for AI at Meta
Based on feedback from regulators, we’re still delaying our plans to use your information from Meta Products to develop and improve
AI at Meta
. We’ll let you know before we start using this information for this purpose, and how you can exercise your right to object.
Other updates
We're updating our Privacy Policy. The updates go into effect on April 7, 2025.
Read the new policy.
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
Effective November 14, 2024
|
View printable version
|
See previous versions
Highlights
We at Meta want you to understand what information we collect, and how we use and share it. That’s why we encourage you to read our Privacy Policy. This helps you use
Meta Products
in the way that’s right for you.
In the Privacy Policy, we explain how we collect, use, share, retain and transfer information. We also let you know your rights. Each section of this Policy includes helpful examples and simpler language to make our practices easier to understand. We’ve also added links to resources where you can learn more about the privacy topics that interest you.
It's important to us that you know how to control your privacy, so we also show you where you can manage your information in the settings of the Meta Products you use. You can
update these settings
to shape your experience.
Read the full Policy below.
What Products does this Policy cover?
Learn more in Privacy Center about managing your privacy
What information do we collect?
Highlights
The information we collect and process about you depends on how you use our
Products
. For example, we collect different information if you sell furniture on Marketplace than if you post a reel on Instagram. When you use our Products, we collect some information about you
even if you don't have an account
.
Here's the information we collect:
Your activity and information you provide
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
Information from partners, vendors and other third parties
What if you don’t let us collect certain information?
Some information is required for our Products to work. Other information is optional, but without it, the quality of your experience might be affected.
Learn more
What if the information we collect doesn’t identify individuals?
In some cases information is de-identified, aggregated, or anonymized by third parties so that it no longer identifies individuals before it’s made available to us. We use this information as described below without trying to re-identify individuals.
Take control
Manage the information we collect about you
Privacy Center
How do we use your information?
Highlights
We use
information we collect
to provide a personalized experience to you, including ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products), along with the other purposes we explain in detail below.
For some of these purposes, we use information
across our Products
from the accounts you choose to add to your Accounts Center, and
across your devices
. The information we use for these purposes is automatically processed by our systems. But in some cases, we also use
manual review
to access and review your information.
To use less information that’s connected to individual users, in some cases we de-identify or aggregate information or anonymize it so that it no longer identifies you. We use this information in the same ways we use your information as described in this section.
Here are the ways we use your information:
To provide, personalize and improve our Products
We use information we have to provide and improve our
Products
. This includes personalizing features, content and
recommendations
, such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
, Stories and ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products). We use
information with special protections
you choose to provide for these purposes, but not to show you ads.
Read more about how we use information to provide, personalize and improve our Products:
How we show ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
How we use information to improve our Products
How we use location-related information
To promote safety, security and integrity
We use information we collect to help protect people from harm and provide safe, secure Products.
Learn more
To provide measurement, analytics and business services
Lots of people rely on our Products to run or promote their businesses or share content. We help them measure how well their ads and other content, products and services are working.
Learn more
To communicate with you
We communicate with you using information you've given us, like contact information you've entered on your profile.
Learn more
To research and innovate for social good
We use information we have, information from researchers and datasets from publicly available sources, professional groups and non-profit groups to conduct and support research.
Learn more
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
Highlights
On Meta Products
Learn more about the different cases when your information can be shared on our
Products
:
People and accounts you share and communicate with
Content others share or reshare about you
Public content
With integrated partners
You can choose to connect with
integrated partners
who use our Products. If you do, these integrated partners receive information about you and your activity.
These integrated partners can always access information that’s public on our Products. Learn more about other information they receive and how they handle your information:
When you use an integrated partner’s product or service
When you interact with someone else’s content on an integrated partner’s product or service
How integrated partners handle your information
Take control
Learn more about audiences
Privacy Center
Manage apps and websites
How do we share information with third parties?
Highlights
We don't sell any of your information to anyone, and we never will. We also require
partners
and other
third parties
to follow rules about how they can and cannot use and disclose the information we provide.
Here’s more detail about who we share information with:
Partners
Advertisers and Audience Network publishers (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
Partners who use our analytics services
Partners who offer goods or services on our Products and commerce services platforms
Integrated partners
Vendors
Measurement vendors
Marketing vendors
Service providers
Service providers
Third parties
External researchers
AI integrations
Other third parties
We also share information with other
third parties
in response to legal requests, to comply with applicable law or to prevent harm.
Read the Policy
.
And if we sell or transfer all or part of our business to someone else, in some cases we’ll give the new owner your information as part of that transaction, but only as the law allows.
How do the Meta Companies work together?
Highlights
We are part of the
Meta Companies
that provide Meta Company Products.
Meta Company Products
include all the
Meta Products
covered by this Policy, plus other products like WhatsApp and more.
We share information we collect, infrastructure, systems and technology with the other Meta Companies.
Learn more
about how we transfer information to other countries.
We also process information that we receive about you from other Meta Companies, according to their terms and policies and as permitted by applicable law. In some cases, Meta acts as a
service provider
for other Meta Companies. We act on their behalf and in accordance with their instructions and terms.
Why we share across the Meta Companies
Meta Products share information with other Meta Companies:
To promote safety, security and integrity and comply with applicable laws
To provide optional features and integrations
To understand how people use and interact with Meta Company Products
See some examples
of why we share.
More resources
Review the privacy policies of the other Meta Companies
Facebook Help Center
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
Highlights
Under applicable data protection law, companies must have a legal basis to process personal data. When we talk about "processing personal data," we mean the ways we collect, use and share your information, as we described in the other sections of this Policy above.
What is our legal basis?
You have the following rights under GDPR and other relevant data protection laws:
Access and correct information
Withdraw consent
Port your information
Download your information
Erase information
Object
Make a complaint
How long do we keep your information?
Highlights
We keep information as long as we need it to provide our Products, comply with legal obligations or protect our or other’s interests. We decide how long we need information on a case-by-case basis. Here’s what we consider when we decide:
If we need it to operate or provide our Products. For example, we need to keep some of your information to maintain your account.
Learn more
.
The feature we use it for, and how that feature works. For example, messages sent using Messenger’s vanish mode are retained for less time than regular messages.
Learn more
.
How long we need to retain the information to comply with certain legal obligations.
See some examples
.
If we need it for other legitimate purposes, such as to prevent harm; investigate possible violations of our terms or policies; promote safety, security and integrity; or protect ourselves, including our rights, property or products
In some instances and for specific reasons, we’ll keep information for an extended period of time.
Read our Policy
about when we may preserve your information.
How do we transfer information?
Highlights
Why is information transferred to other countries?
Where is information transferred?
How do we safeguard your information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
Highlights
We access, preserve, use and share your information:
In response to legal requests, like search warrants, court orders, production orders or subpoenas. These requests come from
third parties
such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
Learn more
about when we respond to legal requests.
In accordance with applicable law
To promote the safety, security and integrity of
Meta Products
, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
.
We may access or preserve your information for an extended amount of time.
Learn more
.
How will you know the Policy has changed?
We'll notify you before we make material changes to this Policy. You’ll have the opportunity to review the revised Policy before you choose to continue using our Products.
How to contact Meta with questions
You can learn more about how privacy works on
Facebook
and on
Instagram
, and in the
Facebook Help Center
. If you have questions about this Policy, or have questions, complaints or requests regarding your information, you can contact us as described below.
The data controller responsible for your information is Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, which you can
contact online
, or by mail at:
Meta Platforms Ireland Limited
ATTN: Privacy Operations
Merrion Road
Dublin 4
D04 X2K5, Ireland
Contact the Data Protection Officer
for Meta Platforms Ireland Limited.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with Meta Platforms Ireland's lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission, or your local supervisory authority.
Legal basis information
Consent
We process information as described below when you have given us your consent to do so, which we may ask through in-product experiences, to enable particular features, or to enable device-based settings. The categories of information we use and why and how they are processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Processing information with special protections that you provide so we can share it with those you choose, to provide, personalise and improve our Products and to undertake analytics.  We’ll collect, store, publish and apply automated, or sometimes manual, processing for these purposes.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Any information with special protections that you choose to provide, such as your religious views, your sexual orientation, political views, health, racial or ethnic origin, philosophical beliefs or trade union membership, or as part of surveys you choose to participate in, and where you have given your explicit consent
Personalizing ads on the Meta Products:
If we show you ads on Meta Products, including Meta Audience Network, depending on your
settings
, we will use your information across the account(s) in your Accounts Centre to show you ads, including using cookies, to personalize your ads and measure how those ads perform.
If we show you ads on Meta Products, our ads system automatically processes information that we've collected and stored associated with you. In accordance with your Ad settings, our ads system uses this information to understand your interests and your preferences and personalize your ads across the Meta Products.
Learn more
about your Ad settings.
Our ads system prioritizes what ad to show you based on what audience advertisers want to reach. Then we match the ad to people who might be interested.
Learn more
about how our ads system works.
Learn more
about how we choose the ads that you see.
You can change your choice at any time in your “Ad Preferences”.
Your activity and information that you provide
:
Content that you create, such as posts, comments or audio
Content that you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content, including ads, that you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features that you use and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions that you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you're doing on your device, such as whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users'
Device signals
Information that you've shared through your device settings (e.g. GPS location)
Information about the network that you connect your device to
Location-related  information
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Using information from partners, vendors and other third parties to tailor the ads you see: If we show you ads on Meta Products, with your consent we’ll use information that partners, vendors and other third parties provide us about activity off the Meta Products and that we have associated with you to personalize ads that we show you on the Meta Products, and on websites, apps and devices that use our advertising services. We receive this information whether or not you’re logged in or have an account on our Products, see the
Cookies Policy
for more information.
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request when you use some of our Products. For example, when you direct us we share your email address or other information that you might choose to share with an advertiser so that they can contact you with additional information about a promoted product. The type of third party and categories of information shared depend on the circumstances of what you ask us to share.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like your contact, profile or other information, like posts or comments
Collecting information that you allow us to receive through the device-based settings you enable (such as access to your GPS location, camera or photos) which we use to provide the features or services described when you enable the setting.
App, browser and device information
:
Information from device settings
Verifying your identity or account, or helping to protect against suspicious activity including impersonation and identity misuse, using face analysis which may include facial recognition technology if you select it.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Your account information, profile photo, or
your photo or video selfie, if you choose to provide it
When we process information that you provide to us based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. You also have the right to port that information you provide to us based on your consent. To exercise your rights, visit your device-based settings, and visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings and our Help Centers.
Performance of a contract
For all people who have the legal capacity to enter into an enforceable contract (for example, by being the age of majority or above in their country of residence), we process information as necessary to conclude and perform our contracts with you (the
Meta Terms
and
Instagram Terms
, the
Supplemental Meta Platforms Technologies Terms of Service
, the
Supplemental Portal Terms of Service
, the
Meta AI Terms of Service
and the
Supplemental Meta View Terms of Service
, together, the “terms"). The purposes for which we process information for our contracts, the categories of information we use and how information is processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Personalising the Meta Products (other than ads): Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories); and
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, and in some instances not only automated processing but also manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features,
Undertake analytics, and
Facilitate your purchases and payments on Meta Pay or other Meta checkout experiences.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts, identity and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the
Oversight Board
,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review and, in some cases, remove content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To communicate with you: We use information you’ve given us (like contact information on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
We’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your e-mail address to respond when you contact us.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Transferring, storing or processing your information globally. We share information we collect globally, both internally across our offices and data centers and externally with our partners, third parties and service providers. Because Meta is global, with users, partners and employees around the world, transfers are necessary to:
Operate and provide the services described in the terms that apply to the Meta Product(s) you are using. This includes allowing you to share information and connect with your family and friends around the globe; and
So we can fix, analyze and improve our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
We'll use the information we have to provide these services; if you choose not to provide certain information (other than limited account information which is necessary to create a
Facebook account
or an
Instagram account
), your experience using the Meta Products may be affected. For example, you may see less relevant recommendations on the Products, or your use of the Products may be restricted.
When we process information that you provide to us as necessary for concluding or performing our contracts with you, you have the right to port it under the GDPR. To exercise your rights, visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings, or learn more in our Help Centers.
Compliance with a legal obligation
The categories of information we use, why we process your information based on compliance with a legal obligation and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
For processing information when the law requires it: Where we are under an obligation to disclose information such as, for example, if we receive a valid legal request for certain information (such as an Irish search warrant), we will access, preserve and / or share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others.
The way in which the information will be processed depends on the specific circumstances, see
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and integrity?
for more.
Information for Law Enforcement Authorities
provides information on the operational guidelines law enforcement needs to follow.
Examples of Irish and EU laws enforceable in Ireland that could give rise to an obligation requiring us to process the information we hold about you are:
Civil and commercial matters: where we are in receipt of a court order or otherwise required to disclose information for the purposes of court proceedings, such as under Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters.
Criminal matters: to comply with requests from Irish law enforcement to provide information in relation to an investigation, such as under Section 10 of the Criminal Justice (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1997 as amended by 6(1)(a) of the Criminal Justice Act 2006, or to take steps to report information to law enforcement where required.
Consumer matters: to comply with our obligations under consumer law such as the Competition and Consumer Protection Act 2014.
Corporate and taxation matters: to comply with our obligations such as the Companies Act 2014.
Regulatory matters: to comply with our obligations to engage with regulators, such as the Data Protection Commission under the General Data Protection Regulation and the Data Protection Act 2018.
Financial matters: to comply with our obligations under applicable financial services law such as the European Union (Payment Services) Regulations 2018
View the
current list of laws
which are enforceable in Ireland that give rise to a legal obligation for Meta which results in the processing of information. New laws may be enacted or other obligations may become binding on our processing of your information which may require us to process your information and we will update this list from time to time.
The categories of information depend on the specific circumstances of each mandatory request or obligation. Only the information necessary to comply with the relevant legal obligation will be processed. For example, for civil matters, this will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information). However, depending on the circumstances it could include the following:
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Legitimate interests
We rely on our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third party, where they are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms ("legitimate interests"). The categories of information we use, the legitimate interests relied on and why and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Legitimate interests relied on
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
If you are a registered user of the Meta Products
For people under the age of majority (under 18, in most applicable countries) who have a limited ability to enter into an enforceable contract only, where we may be unable to process your information on the grounds of contractual necessity.
Personalising the Meta Products: Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
News Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories),
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Learn more
about how we use information about you to personalise your experience on and across Meta Products and how we choose the ads that you see.
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
(other than using partner data to tailor ads to you)
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, automated processing, and in some instances manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide advertising products,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features, and
Undertake analytics.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To enable people under the age of majority to use and connect to the Meta Products in an easy and intuitive manner.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public profile information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the Oversight Board,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review, and in some cases remove, content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on the Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
To secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, and to protect the safety of people under the age of majority, including to prevent exploitation or other harms to which such individuals may be particularly vulnerable.
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating with you:
We use information you have given us (like contact information you’ve entered on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
we’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your email address to respond to you when you contact us.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
For all people, including those under the age of majority
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and how their content is performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help users, businesses, and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their content, websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realise using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our other partners; and
In the interests of developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
If we show you ads on Meta Products:
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, advertisers and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, advertisers and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's ads, content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and ads, and how their content and ads are performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help businesses, advertisers and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, advertisers, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realize using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our advertisers and other partners; and
In the interests of advertisers, developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content and advertising on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating, engaging and sharing across the Meta Company Products:
To provide a seamless, consistent and richer, innovative, experience across the Meta Company Products and to enable cross app interactions, sharing, viewing and engaging with content, including posts and videos.
In our interest to provide seamless, consistent and richer, innovative communication, engagement and sharing experiences across Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Business intelligence and analytics:
To understand, in aggregate, your usage of and across our Products, to accurately count people and businesses; and
Validate metrics directly related to these, in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to adhere to (shareholder/earning) reporting obligations.
In our interest to measure the use of our Products and count the people who interact with our Products in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to enable provision of accurate and reliable reporting.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Location-related information
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you:
Depending on your settings, we’ll share marketing communications with you.
We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide, including your contact information like e-mail address
App, browser and device information
:
Device identifiers
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from researchers we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
For example, we analyse information that we have about migration patterns during crises. This helps relief organizations get aid to the right places.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation of information as well as manual (human) review, and share information, as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programmes.
In our interest and those of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Anonymising your information
In some cases, we anonymise information we have about you, such as your activity on and off our Products, and use the resulting information, for example, to provide and improve our Meta Products, including ads.
In our interest to fund our provision of the Meta Products, provide relevant advertising to users, and improve ads delivery and Meta Products;
In the interests of advertisers to help them to reach relevant audiences who may be interested in their information, products or services;
In the interests of users that Meta practice data minimisation and privacy by design in respect of their information
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to legal requests.
See
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promote safety, integrity and security in limited circumstances outside of the performance of our contracts with you:
Our Meta Products are delivered to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We apply automated processing, as well as manual (human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request:
You may choose to share your contact information, profile information and other data with our partners: The types of partners with whom information is shared depends on the features of our service that you use and the manner in which you choose to use them. For example, you may choose to share your email address, birthday, friends list, hometown or other information with a partner if you choose to connect your Facebook account to their app.
To deliver  quality experiences to users who use our partners’ apps, in our best interest and in the interest of our users.
To facilitate and improve users' experiences in their apps, in the interests of our partners who want to facilitate and improve consumers' experiences in their apps.
Information you provide (for example, your email address, birthday, friends’ list and hometown).
If you are using a device we cannot associate with a registered user of the Meta Products
Promote safety, integrity and security:
Our Meta Products are delivered in a manner to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We collect and store information we have for this purpose and apply automated processing and manual (i.e. human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and research and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users generally and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you: We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail address.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide including your contact information like your e-mail address
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from research partners we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programs.
In our interest and in the interest of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to
legal requests
.
See '
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
' for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Provide and improve our Products:
We use information we collect to:
Provide products and curate features
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To improve the Meta Company Products in a consistent manner, to correct technical glitches, and to optimise functionality.
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary to pursue our legitimate interests or those of a third party, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, such processing; to exercise your right, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings.
We will consider several factors when assessing an objection, including: our users' reasonable expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort. Unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons, your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
If you are under the age of majority in your country and there is no enforceable contract in place, we will take particular account of the fact that you are below the age of majority when conducting our assessment of our legitimate interests and the balancing  of your interests and rights. We provide specific protections for people below the age of majority to ensure that they are aware of the risks, consequences, safeguards and rights associated with the processing of their information.
Tasks carried out in the public interest
The purposes for which we anticipate processing your information as a task in the public interest, the processing we undertake, and the information we use is set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Undertaking research for social good:  We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to undertake research and other tasks in the public interest, such as sharing relevant research data with third parties like international organisations and academics both in and outside the EEA. The public interest is required to be laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Articles 168 and 179 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To promote safety, integrity and security: In limited fact specific circumstances, we will access, preserve and share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others where necessary to perform a task in the public interest. For example, we might share information with others for the purposes of combatting unlawful or harmful behaviour where it is in the public interest to do so and where the public interest is laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Section 53 of the Data Protection Act 2018 and Regulation (EU) 2021/1232.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from Partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary for a task carried out in the public interest, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, our processing. To exercise your rights, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings. In assessing an objection, we will consider several factors, including: our users' reasonable user expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort.
Your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information, unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
Protection of your vital interests or that of another person
The categories of information we use, why we process your information to protect your vital interests or those of another person and how it’s processed are set out below
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Protecting the vital interests of you and/or those of another person: We apply automated processing techniques, conduct manual (human) review and share information, including with law enforcement and others, in circumstances where someone’s vital interests require protection, such as in the case of emergencies. These vital interests include protection of your life, physical or mental health, wellbeing or integrity or that of others, and detecting, removing, and reporting illegal content. In protecting such vital interests we aim to combat harmful conduct and promote safety, integrity and security, including, for example, when we are investigating reports of harmful conduct or taking appropriate action, such as sharing information with relevant authorities, when someone needs help.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content,
subject to applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Sub-policy 2
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy:
Legal Information
Privacy Policy Hub
Privacy Policy Hub
Developer Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs our information practices for our Developer Services, which includes any websites, where a link to this Policy is provided. Developer Services means products and services intended for a party that develops and/or distributes a game or other app made with and/or using Unity Services.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Developer Privacy Policy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Developer Privacy Policy
. They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Customers should understand that Unity does not provide legal advice, therefore the information on this page is not a substitute for seeking your own legal counsel to determine the legal requirements of your business and processes, and how to address them.
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy will provide you with information on how Unity Technologies will collect, use, store, share or otherwise handle your Personal Information that we are responsible for and collect or receive through your use of applications which are owned by third parties but utilize Unity’s technology.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Game Player and App User Privacy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
.They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Unity Educational Products for Schools Privacy Notice
This sets forth Unity’s policies and procedures regarding the Unity software products in schools.
Privacy Supplement Statement for Unity MARS Companion App
This sets forth special privacy terms regarding use of the Unity MARS Companion App.
Unity Data Processing Addendum (“DPA”)
This Data Processing Addendum (this “DPA”) is incorporated into and forms an integral part of the Unity Terms of Service. This agreement determines the rights and obligations of each party when processing personal information.
DPA Amendment for EU, UK, and Swiss SCCs
In 2021, the European Commission and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commission issued new Standard Contractual Clauses ("2021 SCCs"). Additionally, in 2022, the UK Parliament approved the UK International Data Transfer Addendum to the EU SCCs (“UK Addendum”). The 2021 SCCs and UK Addendum replace the Standard Contractual Clauses enacted in 2010 (“2010 SCCs”). This is a pre-signed copy of this document which you may download, execute on your side, and return to DPA@unity3d.com.
Technical and Organisational Measures including Technical and Organisational Measure to ensure the Security of the Data
Technical and Organisational Measures (TOMs) are strategic safeguards designed to protect data security and ensure adherence to data protection regulations. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum.
Sub-Processors
Sub-processors are third-party companies that assist Unity by handling personal data on Unity's behalf. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum
.
GENERATIVE AI SUPPLEMENTAL PRIVACY NOTICE
This notice explains Unity's processing activities with respect to Personal Information collected through users of Generative AI Tools