home
apps
about
contact
Privacy Policy
This privacy notice for RAY INFORMATICS YAZILIM TEKNOLOJİ MEDYA DANIŞMANLIK VE EĞİTİM TİCARET LİMİTED ŞİRKETİ ("Company," "we," "us," or "our") describes how and why we might collect, store, use, and/or share ("process") your information when you use our services ("Services"), such as when you:
Visit our website at rayinformatics.com or any website of ours that links to this privacy notice or any other application (mobile/desktop/headset etc.)
Engage with us in other related ways ― including any sales, marketing, or events
Our Terms and Conditions (“Terms”) govern all use of our Service and together with the Privacy Policy constitutes your agreement with us (“agreement”). Questions or concerns? Reading this privacy notice will help you understand your privacy rights and choices. If you disagree with our policies and practices, please do not use our Services. If you still have questions or concerns, please contact us at
support@rayinformatics.com.
Definitions
Service means all the mobile applications, websites or software operated by RAY INFORMATICS YAZILIM TEKNOLOJİ MEDYA DANIŞMANLIK VE EĞİTİM TİCARET LİMİTED ŞİRKETİ.
Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).
Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of Service or from Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
Cookies are small files stored on your device (computer or mobile device).
Data Controller means a natural or legal person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal data are, or are to be, processed. For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your data.
Data Processors (Service Providers) means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller. We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively. In this regard, our applications and websites are integrated with
Google Analytics
,
Firebase
,
AppsFlyer
,
Revenuecat
and
Replicate
for the purposes of the processing.
The user is the individual using our Service. The User corresponds to the Data Subject, who is the subject of Personal Data.
Data Collection
We don’t collect any name, surname, address, phone number or password data with any software, website or mobile application of RAY INFORMATICS YAZILIM TEKNOLOJİ MEDYA DANIŞMANLIK VE EĞİTİM TİCARET LİMİTED ŞİRKETİ. Most of the data that we use for improving our service quality can be examined as Non-Personally Identifiable Information. This information can include but is not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device's unique device ID, the IP address of your mobile device, general geographic information, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browsers you use, search terms, other applications you have downloaded, and information about the way you use the Application. We draw samples from our users, with the help of third-party analytic tools such as Google Firebase, to analyze your use of our App, understand customer needs and trends and improve our application. We use SDKs to incorporate third-party computer code into our app, which allows our advertising partners to collect data directly from the app to better facilitate online advertising on other websites or the service. If updated in the future, we will incorporate the new features of the SDKs as well to ensure that your data privacy is protected.
Use of Data
RAY INFORMATICS YAZILIM TEKNOLOJİ MEDYA DANIŞMANLIK VE EĞİTİM TİCARET LİMİTED ŞİRKETİ uses the collected data for various purposes:
to provide and maintain our Service;
to notify you about changes to our Service;
to allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so;
to provide customer support;
to gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service;
to monitor the usage of our Service;
to detect, prevent and address technical issues;
to fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it;
to carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection;
to provide you with notices about your account and/or subscription, including expiration and renewal notices, email-instructions, etc.;
to provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless you have opted not to receive such information;
in any other way we may describe when you provide the information;
for any other purpose with your consent.
Transfer of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to – and maintained on – computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ from those of your jurisdiction.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
RAY INFORMATICS YAZILIM TEKNOLOJİ MEDYA DANIŞMANLIK VE EĞİTİM TİCARET LİMİTED ŞİRKETİ will take all the steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organisation or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Cloud and Server Processing (for only
Goru AI
)
To give users a better experience, the services we are providing require photos to be uploaded for cloud processing. Users' photos will only be used for machine learning enhancements or for generating different styles of portraits based on AI-driven algorithms and not for other purposes. We use third-party cloud processing services (
Replicate
and
Google Cloud
) to process and edit photos. We may employ third-party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service (“Service Providers”), provide Service on our behalf, perform Service-related services or assist us in analysing how our Service is used. These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Children’s Privacy
Our Services are not intended for use by children under the age of 13 (“Children”).
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from Children under 13. If you become aware that a Child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from Children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected.
This page was last modified on 25th January 2025.
Cookie Notice
We use cookies to provide functionality and improve your experience on our website. We do not use cookies to track users or collect data for advertising purposes. For more details, please review our Cookie Policy.
Accept all
Reject all