Privacy Policy
Last modified: December 2024
Interest based advertising:
to learn
                        more about data disclosure
click here
Opt-out options:
DO NOT USE MY DATA
I. INTRODUCTION. REGIONAL PATTERNS (CALIFORNIA)
BP Mobile LLC (“we,” “us” or “our”) takes your privacy
                        seriously. This Privacy policy (“Privacy policy”)
                        explains our data protection policy and describes the
                        types of information we may process when you install
                        and/or use “RecMyCalls - Call Recorder App“ software
                        application for mobile devices (the “App”, “our App”).
When we refer to personal data (or personal information)
                        we mean any information of any kind relating to a
                        natural person who can be identified, directly or
                        indirectly, in particular by reference to such data.
It is a natural person who can be identified directly or
                        indirectly, in particular by reference to an
                        identification number or to one or more factors specific
                        to his or her physical, physiological, mental, economic,
                        cultural or social status.
Our Privacy policy applies to all users, and others who
                        access the App (“Users”).
For the purposes of the GDPR, we are the data
                        controller, unless otherwise stated.
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING PRIVACY POLICY, FOR
                        INFORMATION REGARDING THE WAYS YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
                        MAY BE PROCESSED, CAREFULLY. WHEN YOU USE THE APP YOU
                        ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTOOD, AND AGREE TO
                        BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS.
IF YOU ARE A CALIFORNIA RESIDENT PLEASE READ THE
                        FOLLOWING IMPORTANT NOTICE
Under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA)
                        California residents shall have the right to request:
the categories of personal information that is
                            processed;
the categories of sources from which personal
                            information is obtained;
the purpose for processing of user personal data;
the list and categories of third parties with whom
                            we may share your personal information;
the specific pieces of personal information that we
                            might have obtained about a particular user provided
                            that the data given in the request is reliable
                            enough and allows to identify the user.
Please use the navigation links through this Privacy
                        policy:
PERSONAL INFORMATION
All about the categories of information, its sources and
                        purposes of processing
>>
Please mind that according to CCPA personal information
                        does not include de-identified or aggregated consumer
                        information.
SHARING
How your information can be shared
>>
Please note that all third parties that are engaged in
                        processing user data are service providers that use such
                        information on the basis of agreement and pursuant to
                        business purpose.
OPT-OUT OPTIONS
If you don’t want us to process your personal
                        information any more please contact us through the
[contact form]
. In most cases there is no way to maintain the App’s
                        further operating without functional data therefore you
                        will be advised to remove the App from your device.
If you don’t want us to share device identifiers and
                        geolocation data with service providers please check
                        your device settings to opt out as described below
>>
REQUESTS
To submit a verifiable consumer request for access,
                        portability or deletion of personal data please contact
                        us through the
[contact form]
. Please include in the text of your appeal the wording
                        "Your rights to maintain confidentiality in the state of
                        California”.
When submitting a verifiable request, you should be
                        ready to:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to
                            reasonably verify you are the person about whom we
                            collected personal information or an authorized
                            representative, which may include: name, address,
                            city, state, and zip code and email address. We may
                            use this information to surface a series of security
                            questions to you to verify your identity. If you are
                            making a request through an authorized agent acting
                            on your behalf, such authorized agent must provide
                            written authorization confirming or a power of
                            attorney, signed by you.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that
                            allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and
                            respond to it.
We will not be able to respond to your request or
                        provide you with personal information if we cannot: (i)
                        verify your identity or authority to make the request;
                        or (ii) confirm that the personal information relates to
                        you. We may ask you for additional information or
                        documents to verify your identity. We may also carry out
                        checks, including with third party identity verification
                        services, to verify your identity before taking any
                        action with your personal information. This is regarded
                        as a safeguard measure to prevent disclosure of your
                        personal information under a fake or scum request.
We ensure that personal information provided in a
                        verifiable consumer request will be used only to verify
                        the requestor’s identity or authority to make the
                        request and not for any other purpose. We will keep it
                        for the adequate term reasonably needed for the purpose
                        described above and delete after the purpose is
                        fulfilled.
We try to respond to a verifiable consumer request
                        within forty-five (45) days of its receipt. If we
                        require more time, we will inform you of the reason and
                        extension period in writing. Please note that we are
                        only required to respond to two requests per customer
                        each year.
EQUAL RIGHTS
Nothing in the way we deal with your request shall be
                        interpreted as discrimination, which means that we will
                        not set up different pricing or products, or different
                        level or quality of services for you, if you choose to
                        exercise your rights. However, in some circumstances, we
                        may not be able to provide services if you choose to
                        delete your personal information from our records.
SALE OF DATA
We do not sell any of your personal data to third
                        parties.
II. INFORMATION WE PROCESS
There are several categories of information that can be
                        processed.
Functional information, Information that you
                            submit
We ask for and collect the following personal
                        information about you when you use the App. This
                        information is necessary for the adequate
performance of the contract
between you
                        and us. Without such information it is impossible to
                        provide complete functionality of the App and perform
                        the requested services.
Authorization and/or Account
                                Information
. When you sign up for an account or log into your
                            account, we require your mobile phone number. We
                            collect, store and process it by our cloud storage
                            provider (Advanced Hosters B.V.). However, we may
                            also engage third party - Google (Firebase) - for
                            storing this personal data in order to improve
                            protection against spam and abuse in Google
                            services.
You may create an Account and register within the App by
                        choosing the option Sign in with Apple and providing
                        your email address. Having an Account will enable you to
                        sign in to the App on any device using your Apple ID and
                        sign out at any time. You can also choose to delete your
                        Account within the App at any time, using the App’s
                        settings. In this case all your data within the App will
                        be lost and you’ll no longer be able to access such
                        data. Bear in mind that if you have a valid
                        subscription, deleting your Account within the App will
                        not cancel it.
When you delete your Account we might keep storing
                        certain information as a data backup measure.
Activity Information
, e.g. your
                            contacts, call logs and recordings of calls,
                            origination and termination points (i.e. to/from
                            numbers), history of calls made with the help of the
                            App. Upon your consent we also may have technical
                            access to the contact list on your device. Please
                            mind that it is your sole responsibility to warn
                            your dialog partner that you are going to record a
                            call. For more information about the rules you must
                            follow when you record any call using the App please
                            check subsection “Specific requirements and legal
                            considerations concerning call recordings” in
                            Section VII of our
Terms of Use
.
Note that all your
Authorization and/or Account Information
and
Activity Information
are processed
                        exclusively to the extent necessary to operate the App
                        services and provide you with the App functionality
                        (i.e. to make and receive phone calls, to record your
                        calls, to record voice memos, to convert your recordings
                        into text). Only you can exercise full control over your
                        personal information. If you choose to delete your
                        Account within the App, you’ll no longer be able to
                        access and/or restore all above listed categories of
                        information.
Note that if you use a call recording feature within the
                        App it is your sole responsibility to warn your dialog
                        partner that you are going to record a call. For more
                        information about the rules you must follow when you
                        record any call using the App please check subsection
                        “Specific requirements and legal considerations
                        concerning call recording feature” in Section VII of our
Terms of Use
.
We process this information by ourselves. However, we
                        may also engage third parties - Plivo Inc., Twilio Inc,
                        Vonage Holdings Corp., AVOXI, Inc. - for processing and
                        storing this personal data in order to fulfill
                        obligations and deliver the full scope of services. This
                        personal data can be deleted either by these third
                        parties in accordance with our instructions or by our
                        own means.
Contact Information
(name, e-mail
                            address, as well as any other content included in
                            the email) which you may fill in by yourself when
                            you contact us via email, support form. We collect,
                            store and process it by our cloud storage provider
                            (Amazon.com, Inc.). We use such information to
                            respond effectively to your inquiry, fulfill your
                            requests, and send you communications that you
                            request and perform the requested services.
Information That Is Processed Automatically
On the basis of your
permission
we use
                        third-party automatic data processing technologies
                        (advertising or analytics tools) to analyze certain
                        information sent by your device via our App
(Identity For Advertisers for iOS devices/
                            Advertising ID or Android ID for Android
                            devices)
. Some integrated advertising or analytics tools (check
                        Section IV to see the list of them) launch automated
                        processing of your personal data, including profiling,
                        which means any form of automated processing of personal
                        data used to evaluate certain personal aspects relating
                        to you, in particular to analyze or predict aspects
                        concerning your personal preferences, interests,
                        behavior, location or movements (see the list of data
                        described below). Processing information through
                        automatic data processing technologies starts
                        automatically once you allow our App to track your
                        activity. You can withdraw your permission at any time -
                        please check opt-out options in Section VIII below.
We may process some information about your device and
                        your user behaviour on the ground of our legitimate
                        interest. This information falls within categories of
                        data described above in Subsection “Information That Is
                        Processed Automatically”, it is generally non-personal,
                        i.e. it does not, on its own, permit direct association
                        with any specific individual, and we may access it only
                        in aggregated form. We use this information for
                        improving our App and giving our users the best
                        experience.
Device Details
. When you use a
                                mobile device (tablet / phone / smartwatch) to
                                access our App, some details about your device
                                are reported, including “device identifiers”.
                                Device identifiers are small data files or
                                similar data structures stored on or associated
                                with your mobile device, which uniquely identify
                                your mobile device (but not your personality).
                                Device identifier enables generalized reporting
                                or personalized content and ads by the third
                                parties.
What data can be processed:
Information about the device itself: type of
                                    your device, type of operating system and
                                    its version, model and manufacturer, screen
                                    size, screen density, orientation, audio
                                    volume and battery, device memory usage.
Information about the internet connection:
                                    mobile carrier, network provider, network
                                    type, IP address, timestamp and duration of
                                    sessions, speed, browser.
Location-related information: IP address,
                                    the country code/ region/ state/ city
                                    associated with your SIM card or your
                                    device, language setting, time zone,
                                    neighboring commercial points of interest
                                    (eg. “coffee shop”).
Other device identifiers: e.g. user
                                    identifiers (if they are set up by the App’s
                                    developer).
Information about the applications
. Name, API key (identifier for application),
                                version, properties of our App can be reported
                                for automated processing and analysis. Some
                                services also record the list of applications
                                and/or processes which are installed or run on
                                your device.
Cookies and similar technologies
. When you use the App, cookies and similar
                                technologies may be used (pixels, web beacons,
                                scripts). A cookie is a text file containing
                                small amounts of information which is downloaded
                                to your device when you access the App. The text
                                file is then sent back to the server each time
                                you use the App. This enables us to operate the
                                App more effectively. For example, we will know
                                how many users access specific areas or features
                                within our App and which links or ads they
                                clicked on. We use this aggregated information
                                to understand and optimize how our App is used,
                                improve our marketing efforts, and provide
                                content and features that are of interest to
                                you. We may ask advertisers or other partners to
                                serve ads or services to the App, which may use
                                cookies or similar technologies.
Log file information
. Log file
                                information is automatically reported each time
                                you make a request to access the App. It can
                                also be provided when the App is installed on
                                your device. When you use our App, analytics
                                tools automatically record certain log file
                                information, including time and date when you
                                start and stop using the App, and how you
                                interact with the App.
Ad-related information
. The
                                following data might be reported about the ads
                                you can view: the date and time a particular ad
                                is served; a record if that ad was “clicked” or
                                if it was shown as a “conversion” event; what
                                the ad offer is about; what type of ad it is
                                (e.g., text, image, or video); which ad
                                placement is involved (where the ad offer is
                                displayed within the App); whether you respond
                                to the ad.
In-app events
. When you use our
                                App, analytics tools automatically record your
                                activity information (tutorial steps, levelling
                                up, payments, in-app purchases, custom events,
                                progression events, method of limiting the
                                processing of user data).
Transactions
. We may have
                                access to technical information about purchases
                                you make in the App, i.e. information contained
                                in the Apple receipt file.
Information provided automatically to advertising or
                        analytics tools does not generally come to our control,
                        therefore we cannot be responsible for processing such
                        information. Please mind that some services are engaged
                        in personal data profiling and may obtain information
                        related to your personality and/or your device by using
                        technologies that do not belong to our scope of
                        responsibility. In case when your user ID is linked to
                        your Facebook account, Facebook may use your device
                        information in association with categorized data that
                        were already recorded in its databases (eg. your age,
                        gender or other demographic indication). We do not
                        control, supervise or stand surety for how the third
                        parties process your personal data, that might be
                        collected by their own means (not through our App). Any
                        information request regarding the disclosure of your
                        personal information should be directed to such third
                        parties (see Section IV).
Payment Information
Our e-commerce provider (Apple Inc.) is responsible for
                        billing, processing and charging for in-app purchases,
                        handles your personal information and keeps it
                        absolutely safe and secure. This information is
                        processed as part of the performance of the contract
                        between you and us. We cannot access or use your credit
                        or debit card information. You may access the applicable
                        “in-app” purchase rules and policies directly from the
                        app stores.
III. THE PURPOSES OF PROCESSING YOUR PERSONAL DATA
Our mission is to constantly improve our App and provide
                        you with new experiences. As part of this mission, we
                        use your information for the following purposes:
(a)
To make our service available.
We
                        use functional information, the information that you
                        submit and information that is processed automatically
                        to provide you with all requested services.
(b)
To improve, test and monitor the effectiveness of
                            our App.
We use the information that is processed automatically
                        to better understand user behavior and trends, detect
                        potential outages and technical issues, to operate,
                        protect, improve, and optimize our App.
(c)
To provide you with interest-based (behavioral)
                            advertising or other targeted content.
We may use information that is processed automatically
                        for marketing purposes (to show ads that may be of
                        interest to you based on your preferences). We provide
                        personalized content and information to you, which can
                        include online ads or other forms of marketing.
(d)
To communicate with you.
We use the
                        information we have to communicate with you through
                        newsletters, i.e. to send you marketing notifications,
                        receive your feedback about our App experience, and let
                        you know about our policies and terms. We also use your
                        information to respond to you when you contact us.
(e)
To prevent fraud and spam, to enforce the
                            law.
We really want our App to be free of spam and fraudulent
                        content so that you feel safe and free. We may use your
                        information to prevent, detect, and investigate fraud,
                        security breaches, potentially prohibited or illegal
                        activities, protect our trademarks and enforce our Terms
                        of Use.
If any new purposes for processing your personal data
                        arise we will let you know we start to process
                        information on that other purpose by introducing the
                        corresponding changes to this Privacy policy.
IV. SHARING OF YOUR INFORMATION
We will share your information with third parties only
                        in the ways that are described in this Privacy policy.
                        We adhere to the U.S. Digital Advertising Alliance’s
                        Self-Regulatory Principles for the Mobile Environment.
Please note that while we partner solely with third
                        parties that gave us assurance of application of
                        necessary technical and organizational measures to
                        protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the
                        security of any information transmitted from the App
                        directly to such third party. We are not responsible for
                        any accidental loss or unauthorized access to your
                        personal data through a fault of third parties.
We will not rent or sell your personal data to any third
                        parties, but we may share your information from tools
                        like log files, and device identifiers and location
                        data, with third-party organizations that provide
                        automatic data processing technologies for the App. We
                        do not control or influence these third parties’
                        tracking technologies or how they may be used.
We may also share certain information such as cookie
                        data with third-party advertising partners. This
                        information allows third-party ad networks, inter alia,
                        to deliver targeted advertisements that they believe
                        will be of most interest to you.
We may engage the following third-party service
                        providers in order to provide us with necessary
                        infrastructure for delivery and improvement of our
                        services:
Entity name
Services performed
Entity location
Link to Privacy Policy
Advanced Hosters B.V.
Cloud storage provider
Netherlands
https://advancedhosting.com/en/documents/privacyPolicy
Amazon.com Inc.
Cloud storage provider
U.S.A.
https://services.amazon.com/privacy-policy.html
Amplitude Inc.
Analytics service provider
U.S.A.
https://amplitude.com/privacy
AppsFlyer Inc.
Analytics service provider
U.S.A.
https://www.appsflyer.com/legal/privacy-policy/
https://www.appsflyer.com/legal/services-privacy-policy/
Apple Inc.
Cloud storage provider (for iOS devices)
U.S.A.
https://www.apple.com/lae/privacy/
AVOXI, Inc.
Cloud communications service provider
U.S.A.
https://www.iubenda.com/privacy-policy/8179510/full-legal
Facebook (Meta Platforms, Inc.)
Analytics and marketing service provider
U.S.A.
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
Firebase (Google LLC)
Data storage, user authentication,
                                        analytics and marketing service provider
U.S.A.
https://policies.google.com/privacy
https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy
Plivo Inc.
Cloud communications service provider
U.S.A.
https://www.plivo.com/legal/privacy/
Twilio Inc.
Cloud communications service provider
U.S.A.
https://www.twilio.com/legal/privacy
Vonage Holdings Corp.
Cloud communications service provider
U.S.A.
UK
https://www.vonage.com/legal/privacy-policy/
Mobvista
Advertising and analytics services
                                        provider
China
https://www.mobvista.com/en/privacy
Qonversion Inc.
Analytics service provider
U.S.A.
https://qonversion.io/page/privacy
In case you want to learn more about the services and
                        privacy options please consult the correspondent
                        websites and privacy policies. We are not responsible
                        for any usage of your personal data by the
                        abovementioned third parties in violation of our
                        instructions.
Our App may contain links to third-party
                        websites/services or you may access the App from a
                        third-party site. We are not responsible for the privacy
                        practices of these third-party sites or services linked
                        to or from our App, including the information or content
                        contained within them.
We may disclose your personal information if it is
                        needed for objective reasons, due to the public interest
                        or in other unforeseen circumstances:
as required by law;
when we believe, in good faith, that disclosure is
                            necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety
                            or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or
                            respond to a government request;
if we are involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale
                            of all or a portion of our assets, you will be
                            notified via email and/or a prominent notice in our
                            App of any change in ownership or your personal
                            information usage, as well as any choices you may
                            have regarding your personal information.
V. INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS
We work in the cross-border area and provide our App to
                        our Users around the world.
We and third-party organizations that provide automatic
                        data processing technologies for the App or our
                        third-party advertising partners may transfer the
                        automatically processed information across borders and
                        from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or
                        jurisdictions around the world.
If you are located in the European Union or other
                        regions with laws governing data processing that may
                        differ from U.S. law, please note that we may transfer
                        information, including personal information, to a
                        country and jurisdiction that does not have the same
                        data protection laws as in your jurisdiction.
This means that your personal information can be
                        transferred to a third country, a territory or one or
                        more specified sectors within that third country, or to
                        the international organization where data protection and
                        confidentiality regulations may not provide the same
                        level of protection of personal data as your country
                        does.
We try to make sure that the recipient of any personal
                        data provides a proper protection of the personal data
                        received, in accordance with the current legislation on
                        the protection of such information. By using the App,
                        you agree that we may transfer your personal data to any
                        third country, a territory or one or more specified
                        sectors within that third country, or to the
                        international organization.
For the purposes of data storage, we recourse to the
                        services of the hosting organizations. We take your
                        privacy seriously and, therefore, encrypt your personal
                        data - if possible - before sending it to the hosting
                        organizations for the purposes of its storage. Please
                        note that we cooperate only with those hosting
                        organizations that have passed our security and
                        reliability check.
VI. HOW LONG WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We generally retain your personal information for as
                        long as is necessary for performing the functional
                        service of the App and to comply with our legal
                        obligations. If you no longer want us to use your
                        information that we physically access and store, you can
                        request that we erase your personal information and
                        close your account.
However, some data may still be stored for a certain
                        time period (but no longer than the storage purpose
                        requires) if information is necessary to comply with
                        legal obligation (taxation, accounting, audit) or in
                        order to maintain safety and data backup settings,
                        prevent fraud or other malicious acts.
VII. EXERCISING YOUR RIGHTS
Applicable data protection laws give you certain rights
                        regarding your personal information. You have the
                        following options in relation to your personal
                        information that was collected:
Data Access and Portability.
You
                            can request copies of your personal information held
                            by us.
Change or Correct Data.
Where you
                            cannot update data by yourself through your account,
                            you have the right to ask to correct, change, update
                            or rectify your data.
Data Retention and Deletion.
The
                            user data is generally retained for as long as your
                            user profile is in existence or as it is needed to
                            provide the relevant services. However, specific
                            retention times can vary based on context of the
                            processing performed. You have the right to ask to
                            delete all or some of the personal data that is held
                            about you.
Exercising the right to know about data
                                sharing.
You have the right to know whether your data is
                            shared with third parties. Detailed information on
                            this issue is contained in Section IV of the present
                            Privacy policy, however, if you have further
                            questions in this regard, you can contact us at any
                            time.
Restriction of Processing.
Under
                            certain circumstances, you may have the right to
                            limit the ways in which your personal information is
                            used.
To exercise any of the rights described above, you can
                        contact us through
[contact form]
. Please bear in mind that we ensure the above
                        mentioned rights only with respect to the information
                        that we physically access and store.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with your
                        local data protection or a supervisory authority if you
                        reasonably believe that your rights under applicable
                        data protection laws have been breached. Please note
                        that when you exercise your right to lodge a complaint
                        with your local data protection or a supervisory
                        authority, you may be required to provide additional
                        information and support your complaint with sufficient
                        objective evidence. By lodging a complaint you agree to
                        provide sufficient explanation as to what you believe
                        impaired your rights. Additionally, in some cases prior
                        to lodging a complaint with your local data protection
                        or a supervisory authority, you may be required to send
                        your initial claim directly to us and ask for
                        clarifications if necessary.
When your personal information is processed
                        automatically you may object to such processing in some
                        circumstances. Where your personal information is
                        processed for direct marketing purposes, you may ask to
                        cease processing your data for these direct marketing
                        purposes. In order to exercise your right please contact
                        the third party services listed in the Section IV of
                        this Privacy policy to learn how you can object to
                        processing your data. Most of them have clear
                        instructions on their privacy pages, functional API or
                        other options.
If you are located in the European Union, you may
                        address our representative when you have questions on
                        privacy issues: Konrad Gutowski, privacy @ bpmobile.com
VIII. HOW TO OPT OUT
Opt-out of marketing tracking
You can manage your activity tracking permissions. Inter
                        alia, if you don’t want third-party service providers to
                        use to the personalized ads on the basis of your
                        interests please follow the instructions below:
For iOS devices
: go to Settings >
                            Privacy & Security (or “Privacy” in earlier versions
                            of iOS) > Tracking, then tap to turn off or turn on
                            permission to track for a specific app.
You can also control whether apps can ask for
                                permission to track your activity. If you don’t
                                want to be asked for your permission, or do not
                                want apps to access your device’s Advertising
                                Identifier, go to Settings > Privacy & Security
                                (or “Privacy” in earlier versions of iOS) >
                                Tracking and then disable the “Allow Apps to
                                Request to Track” switch. If you turn off "Allow
                                Apps to Request to Track", you won't get prompts
                                from apps that want to track your activity. Each
                                app that asks for permission to track while this
                                setting is turned off will be treated as if you
                                tapped “Ask App Not to Track”. Please find
                                additional information here:
https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT212025
or in the Settings > Privacy & Security (or
                                “Privacy” in earlier versions of iOS) > Tracking
                                section on your device.
If you want to disable Apple’s ad targeting, go to
                        Settings > Privacy & Security (or “Privacy” in earlier
                        versions of iOS) > Apple Advertising, then set the
                        “Personalized Ads” switch to the “off” position. Please
                        find additional information here:
https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT202074
You can also visit
https://youradchoices.com
for the same purpose.
Please mind that when you opt out of certain interest
                        based advertising, you may still continue to receive
                        contextual ads based on other non-personal information,
                        such as ads related to the content of other digital
                        products you are using.
Opt-out of Location Data Processing
If you don’t want third-party service providers to use
                        your precise location data, or street-level location
                        information about you please follow the instructions
                        below:
For iOS devices
: turn Location
                            Services off for the applicable Product via the menu
                            “Settings > Privacy & Security (or “Privacy” in
                            earlier versions of iOS) > Location Services”. Then
                            select the applicable App and set the “Share My
                            Location” status to “Never”. Please see additional
                            information here:
https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT203033
.
IX. SECURITY
The security of your personal information is highly
                        important to us. We follow generally accepted industry
                        standards to protect the personal information submitted
                        to us, both during transmission and once we receive it.
We take reasonable and appropriate measures to protect
                        personal information from loss, misuse and unauthorized
                        access, disclosure, alteration and destruction, taking
                        into account the risks involved in the processing and
                        the nature of the personal information.
We implement appropriate technical and organizational
                        measures, which are designed to implement
                        data-protection principles, such as data minimization,
                        in an effective manner and to integrate the necessary
                        safeguards into the processing. We seek your personal
                        data to be encrypted with proper and strong encryption
                        algorithms, including hashing where possible.
Unfortunately, no method of transmission over the
                        Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100%
                        secure. We do our best to protect your personal data,
                        nevertheless, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
                        In the event that your personal information is
                        compromised as a breach of security, we will promptly
                        notify you in compliance with applicable law.
If you have any questions about the security of our App,
                        you can contact us through the email or contact form
                        displayed below.
X. CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
Our App is not intended for children. Therefore, we do
                        not knowingly or intentionally collect or solicit any
                        personal information from children. For the purposes of
                        this Section X the terms “child” and/or “children” in
                        the context of data processing activities may be
                        interpreted on a case-by-case basis as prescribed by
                        applicable data protection laws. No one who is
                        considered a “child” under applicable data protection
                        laws is allowed to directly provide any personal
                        information to the App.
As a general rule we consider a person under the age of
                        16 to be regarded as “a child” until we have legal
                        grounds to conclude that a person under 16 should be
                        treated as an adult as per provisions of local data
                        protection rules or based on the parent authorization
                        provided to us directly.
Solely the holders of parental responsibility are liable
                        for preventing their children from providing personal
                        information via the App without relevant verifiable
                        parental consent. If we learn that we have collected
                        personal information from a child without verification
                        of parental consent, we will erase that information as
                        quickly as possible. If you reasonably believe that we
                        might have any information from or about a child, or a
                        child has directly provided us with personal information
                        via the App without verifiable parental consent, please
                        contact us.
XI. CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy policy is updated regularly.
Whenever we change this Privacy policy, we will post
                        those changes to this Privacy policy and other places
                        that we consider appropriate. Additional forms of notice
                        of modifications or updates as appropriate under the
                        circumstances may be provided to you.
XII. HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy policy,
                        please feel free to contact us via
[support form]
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://advancedhosting.com/en/documents/privacyPolicy:
Master Service Agreement
Prior Versions of the ToS Agreement
Acceptable Use Policy
Claim Consideration Policy
Privacy Policy
Know Your Customer procedure
Cookie Notice
FAQ
Colocation Services SLA
CDN Services SLA
PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy (hereinafter – the
Policy
) is made under EU legislation and international law requirements on personal data and stipulates the procedure for processing personal data and measures to ensure the personal data security by advancedhosting.com (hereinafter –
We
, the
Company
).
We consider the observance of the individual and citizen’s rights and freedoms while processing their personal data, including protecting the rights to privacy, the secret of personal and family life, as our most important goal and condition. This Policy applies to all information We may receive about the visitors of advancedhosting.com.
We explicitly limit the use of the Service only by adults who have reached the age of 18. We do not search or collect any personal information or data about persons who have not reached this age.
Before using Our Services, We ask you to read the Privacy Policy carefully. If you have any questions on this Policy or Our Personal Data collection process, as well as the terms of the Service Agreement and Acceptable Use Policy, please contact Us at
dpo@advancedhosting.com
.
We ask for Your consent to process your information for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. However, by using our website, You hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its terms.
Terms used in this Policy:
Policy
– this Privacy Policy.
We, Company
– advancedhosting.com.
You, User, Client
– Services users (individual at least 18 years old or, if a different (higher) age of majority is established by the local legislator of the User – persons not younger than this age).
Service
– the services and/or related services provided under the Services Terms.
Personal Data
– User data collected and processed by the Company during the use of the Services.
GIFS
– electronic images, called one-pixel (1×1) or blank GIFs, which can recognize certain types of information on Your computer.
Account
– User account by the Service Agreement and its annexes.
Data Protection Laws
– all applicable laws related to data processing, including Personal Data, if they are valid and relevant to the User’s Personal Data.
Applicable Laws
– any other applicable Data Protection Laws not specified in the Policy and related to the processing of User Personal Data.
PCI-DSS
– Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard.
ICANN
– (The Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers) –Corporation for the management of Domain Names and IP Addresses, an international non-profit organization established with the participation of the US government to regulate domain names, IP addresses, and other aspects of the Internet.
CCTLD
– (country code Top-Level Domain) – country-specific top-level domain.
1. Our role as a Personal Data Controller.
When choosing Us as your hosting provider, please take into account that any video, image or any content posted on the site uploaded or made available to You as a User for access on Your website (data controller) in the way not provided by Our Agreement and the Policies, regardless of whether such content is published, in this case, We do not consider this content to be personally identifiable information. Therefore, it is not the subject of our Privacy Policy.
According to the Terms of Service, as Your hosting provider, We only process Your data on your behalf; We also summarize that such data meets all legal requirements regarding Your use of data on Our hosting.
2. How We collect Your Data.
a. General site navigation.
You can access some parts of the Service without creating a User Account, in this case, only Your IP address, country of origin and other non-personal information about Your computer or device (such as requests to Internet applications, type of search engine, its language, the link to the network resource address (URL), operating system, and the date and time of requests) will be recorded among the syslog information and aggregate traffic information if any misappropriation of information and/or content will take place. If you have a User Account, this information will also be logged in the syslog information.
b. Cookies, metadata and data activity on the Site.
Cookies are small pieces of computer code that remain on Your computer and contain information that helps identify Your search engine.
When You visit your page, and the applications and software tools located there, cookies carry out recognition to grant permission to Your user ID to enter the system. We use the information collected by cookies to recognize Your search engine so that the next time You log in to visit the website, as well as to use the applications and its software tools, this process would be easier and faster since the site has already memorized all the necessary information. To get more details on our cookie policy and Your rights in this respect please read our
Cookie Notice
.
Sometimes the information You upload is provided with associated Metadata. If You do not want Us to use Metadata, You shall delete it before uploading to the page and other applications and software tools.
We may collect data about Your visits, including the pages You visit, the actions You take, Your preferences, the apps and software tools You use, the purchases You make, and the competitions You took part in. We may also collect information related to a computer, mobile phone, or other devices, including device type, search engine, location, IP address, and the words You use to search. We may collect, use, disclose and store this information in any way specified in Our Privacy Policy.
c. Unambiguous information about GIFS.
When You access our Service or Our website, We may provide You with certain GIFS (“web beacons”) used online to anonymously track our users’ patterns. When using these specific GIFS, no Personal Data is collected from Your Account. The information collected by GIFS is used to generate more accurate reporting, improve our service’s efficiency, and improve the quality of service for Our users and partners. These technologies do not collect your Personal Data but only collect data in aggregate.
d. Log files
We follow a standard procedure of using log files. These files log visitors when they visit websites. We do this and a part of our analytics. The information collected by log files include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. These are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable. The purpose of the information is for analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users’ movement on the website, and gathering demographic information.
3. Use of the User Account.
Creating a User Account provides ample opportunities related to Our Services. To register a User Account, We may need some of Your Personal Data.
As the Company and a User, We are obliged to jointly follow the Data Protection Laws and the General Data Protection Regulation (EU Regulation No. 2016/679), including any other applicable Regulation or other regulation related to the User’s Personal Data processing.
We assure You that the Personal Data You provided under the Service Agreement and this Policy is stored following the Applicable Law.
4. What Personal Data We collect and process.
When you trust Us with your Personal Data and personal information, We collect and process the following Personal Data:
Your name, address, and telephone number;
Email address, skype address, and other addresses/contact information/identifiers used in electronic communications;
identification Data, such as TIN/identification number (including documents, and information that confirms the identity of an individual);
Accounting information (information about software products and services You purchase or plan to buy from Us, information on domain name registration, IP addresses assigned by Us, Client identifier, or any other information related to Your electronic account);
I
nformation about our correspondence– We may keep a record of any correspondence between us, including Customer Service Requests, information on resolving technical or administrative issues, information about conversations with Us, information about emails or letters sent to Us, or other data relates to any contact or communication with Us;
Information on the payment methods.
5. We process Your Personal Data only to achieve the following purposes:
fulfillment of our agreement, processing of orders and provision of software products and services, as well as conductions of Our business activities and the performance of Our functions and obligations;
enabling technical staff to assist You when needed and to manage Our infrastructure, systems, databases, and other applications or software tools;
maintaining contact with You to provide information about Our services, offers, orders, status and payment of orders, as well as to answer Your questions and questions of potential customers;
assist in purchases of Our products or services on Our web site or to promote Our cooperation otherwise. In this case, You will be redirected to a third party page (secure Internet payment gateway). We will not store or collect detailed information about your credit/debit/payment card or other payment tools. This information is transmitted directly to our third party’s payment systems, which is also subject to this Policy. These payment systems comply with the PCI-DSS system’s standards managed by the Payment Card Industry Security Standards Board, a collaborative product of the Visa, Mastercard, American Express, and Discover brands. PCI-DSS compliance helps to ensure safe handling of payment information;
improving the quality of Our website, Our software products, and services;
performing financial procedures, including settlements, invoicing, collection of service fees, and processing of financial transactions concerning accepting orders and granting rights to collect debts to third parties;
implementation of any of Our website features, statistical analysis of its use or the applications or software tools available on it, conducting market research, surveys to measure user satisfaction with Our Services to retain them as customers, marketing activities (including the use of email, newsletters and public media), sales events (including analysis of data and use of Our services for marketing offers and quotas to build relationships with the client and/or to maintain, update and expand these types of relationships);
investigating and handling suspicious violations of the Acceptable Use Policy;
ensuring the safety of individuals, finding and preventing cases of fraud, detecting or preventing illegal transactions;
compliance with Applicable Law, including Our Terms of Service, or other applicable rules and conditions resulting from any legal proceedings, or to comply with the authority requests.
If You decide not to provide Us with Your Personal Data, then We may not be able to offer You with information, software products, and services, or support that You may need.
We collect Your Personal Data in compliance with Applicable Law and when it is required.
However, as a rule, We collect Your Personal Data only (i) to enter into the agreement with you; (ii) when the processing complies with Our legitimate interests and is not canceled under Your rights; or (iii) when We have received Your consent to such processing.
In some cases, We may have a legal obligation to collect and process Your Personal Data, or We may need it to protect Your interests or the interests of another person.
If We ask You to provide Personal Data following legal requirements or to enter into the agreement with you, We will do it transparently, at the appropriate time, and inform You whether the collection of Your Personal Data is mandatory (as well as the possible consequences if not provided).
We process Your Personal Data only during the validity of our agreement.
We process Your Personal Data only in line with Your written instructions unless the authorities require their processing, legal obligation, court order, or virtue of any other Applicable Law for the proper functioning of Our systems, application of the Terms of Service, protection of Us and Our users or any other reason under the Applicable Law. If so, We will immediately notify You of the legal requirements before the commencement of the Personal Data processing required by the Applicable Law, unless these regulations prohibit such notification.
6. Data Minimization.
We will take all reasonable steps to (i) limit the amount of Personal Data that is necessary for this Policy, (ii) collect Your Personal Data solely for this Policy.
We may share data about You with:
partners or agents involved in the provision/purchase of Services that You have ordered from Us;
fraud prevention agencies;
debt collection agencies or other debt collection organizations;
judicial or other public authorities to the extent required by the Applicable Law;
We also share Your data to the extent and for the purposes set out in the rules, regulations, or policies of ICANN or CCTLD when registering a domain name with Us. In this case, the disclosure of your Personal Data is determined by their Privacy Policy.
We do not share Your Personal Data with third parties unless consistent with this Policy, any contract between us or Applicable Law.
You authorize Us to use any Personal Data We collect to achieve any of the purposes, including, but not limited to, specified in this Policy.
You may withdraw the consent to Your Personal Data processing Data. To withdraw Your consent, please send a message to Our Data Protection Officer at dpo@advancedhosting.com. After receiving the withdrawal, We will inform You whether We can further provide the Services and to what extent You may enjoy them, depending on the content of your withdrawal.
7. We collect Personal Data through a variety of methods, including:
Our website;
communication with You, including letters, emails, and conversations with You;
the process of providing You with Our software products and services, including support through Our respective service, when You use Our network, infrastructure and/or other services;
when performing Our functions and activities related to the business activities.
We store your Personal Data when necessary
for Our current legitimate business activities (for example, to provide You with the service requested or to comply with Applicable Law, including tax and financial).
If We do not have the aforementioned necessity to process your Personal Data, We delete it.
8. Third-Party Privacy Policies
Our Privacy Policy does not apply to other advertisers or websites. Thus, We are advising You to consult the respective Privacy Policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information. It may include their practices and instructions about how to opt-out of certain options.
You can choose to disable cookies through your individual browser options. To know more detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers, it can be found at the browsers’ respective websites.
9. Data transfers
We maintain servers around the world, and Your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where You live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where Your information is processed, We apply the same protections described in this Policy. We also comply with certain legal frameworks relating to the transfer of data.
The European Commission has determined that certain countries outside of the European Economic Area (EEA) adequately protect personal data. To transfer data from the EEA to other countries, such as the United States, We comply with legal frameworks that establish an equivalent level of protection with EU law.
When We receive formal written complaints, We respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of Your data that We cannot resolve with you directly.
10. You have the following rights to protect your Personal Data:
You have the right to delete or restore all Your Personal Data after related Services were provided, and delete all existing copies to the extent required by Applicable Law.
You have the right to withdraw Your consent to the processing of Your Personal Data. You can do this at any time. Withdrawal will not adversely affect the legality of any processing We conduct prior to the aforementioned withdrawal, and will not adversely affect Your Personal Data processing performed under a legal basis.
You have the right to request information about Your Personal Data, including its processing and access.
Y
ou have the right to request the correction of any discrepancy in Your Personal Data. Considering the processing purpose, you have the right to add information to your Personal Data, including through a notification with related explanations and the Personal Data you want to add.
In certain circumstances, You have the right to delete your Personal Data without unnecessary delay if: (a) Your Personal Data is no longer required for the purposes it was collected and/or processed for, (b) You have withdrawn Your consent to the Personal Data processing, and We have no other legal basis for their processing; (c) Your Personal Data has been processed unlawfully.
Your right to delete Your Personal Data cannot be exercised when processing is necessary to (a) comply with a legal obligation; (b) to form, enforce or defend legal claims.
You have the right to access, amend or update Your Personal Data or request their deletion at any time by sending a related request to dpo@advancedhosting.com.
You also have the right to refuse Your Personal Data, ask Us to restrict its processing, or make it portable from one system to another. You can exercise this right by sending Us relevant requests to
dpo@advancedhosting.com
.
You have the right not to participate in marketing surveys We may send You. You can cancel the subscription for marketing emails by clicking on the “unsubscribe” or “opt-out” (refuse to participate) links in Our marketing email. To withdraw Your participation from other forms of marketing, please contact Us via email
dpo@advancedhosting.com
.
if You are convinced that Personal Data processing violates the Data Protection Laws, you have the right to file a claim with the appropriate supervisory authority responsible for the protecting such data.
We respond to all inquiries that We receive from individuals wishing to exercise their rights to protect Personal Data under applicable Data Protection Laws.
Additionally, if You are a European resident, We note that We are processing Your Personal Data in order to fulfill contracts We might have with You, or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above.
Under the CCPA, Privacy Rights (Do Not Sell My Personal Information) among other rights, California consumers have the right to:
• request that a business that collects a consumer’s personal data disclose the categories and specific pieces of personal data that a business has collected about consumers.
• request that a business delete any personal data about the consumer that a business has collected.
• request that a business that sells a consumer’s personal data, not sell the consumer’s personal data.
11. How We ensure data security:
We have all appropriate technical and organizational tools designed to protect Your Personal Data from unauthorized or illegal processing, unforeseen loss, destruction, or damage, taking into account the state of technological development and the cost of using any measures. If necessary, these measures may cover the installation of identification signs and encryption of Your Personal Data, which ensures the confidentiality, integrity, availability, and flexibility of Our systems and services while ensuring timely recovery of Your Personal Data and access to them after the force-majeure event, as well as regular assessment and determination of the effectiveness of Our technical and organizational measures;
We use cryptographic one-way hash functions to store Your Data. The hashing stream cannot be canceled;
We are constantly reviewing and expanding technical, physical, and managerial procedures to protect Your Personal Data. We use industry standard TLS certificates to ensure the transit data is encrypted, for example, all access to Our Websites, while the management portals are protected by HTTPS.
All Personal Data is stored on closed servers. We use firewalls and a User Access Control management system. All servers are physically located in closed racks, access to which is limited and protected by five security levels;
The Data Protection Officer, promptly and under Applicable Laws, is duly involved in resolving all issues related to the Personal Data protection;
All personnel with access to Personal Data and/or its processing keep such Personal Data confidential;
We can help You to fulfill Your obligations for the Personal Data security to comply with the requirements and before the relevant regulatory authorities. You shall pay for such assistance according to the tariffs;
We will promptly notify You of the confirmed fact on your Personal Data damage.
You understand and acknowledge that by responding to Our request, You are assisting Us in fulfilling our obligations under the Applicable Law at the time of such request. In this regard, You agree to comply with Our instructions to fulfill the requirements specified in such a request, and without imposing financial obligations on Us for such fulfillment.
You must promptly, but no later than 24 hours, inform Us in writing on any breach of any obligation outlines in the Terms of Service. This obligation also applies for real disruption to the ordinary course of operations, even if there was no suspicion of the Personal Data confidentiality violation. You agree to provide Us with all required information to fulfill Our obligations under Applicable Law.
12. Inviolability of children’s privacy.
We do not intentionally collect any personal data from children under the age of 18. If you are under the age of 18, please do not submit any personal data through Us. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children’s Internet usage and to help enforce this Policy by instructing their children never to provide personal data through our website without their permission. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 18 has provided personal data to us through Us, please contact Us. You must also be old enough to consent to the processing of your personal data in your country. If you find out that a child has provided us with Personal Data and information, You shall notify Us on this by sending a notice to
dpo@advancedhosting.com
.
13. Other
If You have an Account and a relevant password that gives You access to particular Service, You are responsible for keeping your password confidential. Anyone with Your password can access Your Account and other Personal Data
While We use acceptable physical, administrative, and technical security measures to protect Your information and Personal Data, We shall warn that the transmission of such information over the Internet is not entirely secure. However, We cannot ensure or guarantee the security of any information or content You transmit to Us. Such transfer is at Your own risk.
Since You have the right to access, correct, or delete your information and Personal Data when using the Service, You can exercise this right by sending Us an appropriate request with the necessary actions.
14. Amendments to the Privacy Policy.
We reserve the right to change this Policy and post any of its revised versions on Our website www. advancedhosting.com. We recommend you check this page to track the changes regularly.
15. Contact us.
If You have any questions or problems requiring a solution related to this Privacy Policy, You can always contact Us via email
dpo@advancedhosting.com
.
Your request
has been submitted
Thank you for your request! We will contact you shortly.
Ok, got it
Sub-policy 1
https://services.amazon.com/privacy-policy.html:
Privacy policy
Amazon Services Privacy Notice
Amazon Services knows that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly.
Please note that Amazon Services LLC owns and operates this website and is a subsidiary of Amazon.com, Inc. If you have an account on one or more Amazon sites and Amazon cookies corresponding to those sites, information gathered by Amazon Services, as described in this Privacy Notice, may be correlated with any personally identifiable information that Amazon has and may be used by Amazon to improve the services we offer.
As a subsidiary of Amazon.com, Amazon Services follows the same information practices as Amazon.com, and information we collect is subject to the Amazon.com Privacy Notice. By visiting the Amazon Services site, you are accepting the practices described in the
Amazon.com Privacy Notice
.
Sub-policy 2
https://amplitude.com/privacy:
Privacy Notice
Table of Contents
1. Introduction
2. What This Privacy Notice Covers
3. Personal Data We Collect And How We Use The Personal Data
4. When Amplitude Discloses Personal Data
5. Customer End User Data
6. International Transfer
7. Our Commitment To Data Security
8. Your Choices About How We Use And Disclose Information We Collect From You
9. Other Information About Our Privacy Practices
10. Updates And Changes To The Privacy Notice
11. Disputes
12. California Privacy Rights
13. Contact Us
14. Cookies
15. Previous Privacy Version
Last Updated: September 26, 2023
1. Introduction
Amplitude, Inc. ("
Amplitude
," "
we
," or "
us
") is a cloud-based product-analytics platform that helps customers build better products. Amplitude respects the privacy of individuals and is committed to protecting the information of visitors to the website ("
Visitors
") and individuals or entities that register to use the Amplitude products and services ("
Customers
"). This Privacy Notice describes Amplitude’s practices for collecting, storing, using, disclosing, and otherwise processing information in relation to Visitors of the website, amplitude.com, including our Community Forum and Amplitude Academy ("
Website
"), Amplitude’s marketing activities, and Customers accessing and using our products and services (collectively, "
Product
").
Please read the following carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information collected through the Website, through your use of the Product, and through our marketing activities. If you do not agree with the below policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Website or register to use our Product, or to unsubscribe from our marketing.
2. What This Privacy Notice Covers
This Privacy Notice covers how we treat Personal Data that we gather about you in the course of our business, including when you access or use our Website or Product and through our or our partner’s events and marketing activities. Specifically, Amplitude is the controller of your Personal Data as described in this Privacy Notice, when it collects personal information from: (i) Visitors to Amplitude’s publicly available Website; (ii) Customers and their employees or other authorized users of their Amplitude instance when registering to use and using the Product; and (iii) when we receive personal information from or about you through our sales and marketing activities or events.
Throughout this Privacy Notice, "Personal Data" means any information that identifies or relates to a particular individual and also includes information referred to as "personally identifiable information" or "personal information" under applicable data privacy laws, rules or regulations.
For clarity, this Privacy Notice does not apply to Customer End User Data (as defined below) submitted by our customers to the Product. In those circumstances, Amplitude is processing Customer End User Data on behalf of that customer and that customer is responsible for the collection and use of your data. In addition, this Privacy Notice does not apply to the mobile applications, websites or services offered by our Customers or other third-parties. You should refer to that customer’s or third party’s privacy notice and direct any inquiries to them.
3. Personal Data We Collect And How We Use The Personal Data
3.1
PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT
The Personal Data you provide to us directly
You provide your Personal Data to us when you voluntarily fill in forms on our Website such as when you request a demo or to contact sales. This Personal Data may include: first and last name, company name, job title, work email address, country and/or state, phone number and the content of your request.
You may also share Personal Data with us through our Website when you register for an event or online webinar or training; sign up to receive our newsletter; subscribe to our blog; register to contribute and participate in our Community Forum or use Amplitude Academy; download a white paper or playbook; or complete a survey. This Personal Data may include: first and last name, company name, job title, work email address, country and/or state, phone number and the content of your request.
In order to access and use the Product, you are required to register for an account with us. When you register for an account, you may provide Personal Data to us, including first and last name, company name, job title, work email address, country and/or state, phone number, and username and password.
You may also provide Amplitude with your personal information at a marketing event or through marketing activities. This Personal Data may include: first and last name, company name, job title, work email address, work address, phone number and the content of your request.
If you attend an in-person or virtual event or agree to be recorded in a telephone or video meeting, we may record some or all of that event or meeting. For events, we may also document the event by taking photos or interviewing you at the event. We use this information for business and marketing purposes and training purposes.
You may choose to participate in an Amplitude program that allows you to pay fees with a credit or debit card, in which case you may provide your credit card or other payment details information directly to our third party payment processor. As explained below, Amplitude does not store this information.
The Personal Data we collect from third party sources
Amplitude may obtain Personal Data about you from third parties, including, but not limited to, marketing event organizers, partners, resellers, and public databases and websites.
Service providers
. For example, we may use third party providers of business contact information. The Personal Data provided to Amplitude by these Service providers about you may include your first and last name, company name, job title, business mailing addresses, business email addresses and business phone numbers, and LinkedIn URLs for purposes of delivering relevant Product updates and information, email content, advertisements and events.
Advertising partners.
We receive information about you from some of our service providers who assist us with marketing or promotional services, related to how you interact with our Website, event promotions, advertisements or communications. Amplitude requires that any third party providing us with Personal Data contact information has obtained the information lawfully and has the appropriate consent to share the information with Amplitude.
Google’s API Services.
Amplitude integrates Google’s Application Programming Interface (API) Services to allow users the option of logging into our platform with their Google credentials. If you choose to login to the Amplitude platform with Google’s API services, Google may share with us your email, name, and your unique Google ID so we can identify and authenticate you as a user. We do not share your data with any other parties, other than as may be necessary to provide our services to you. Amplitude’s use of information received from Google’s APIs will adhere to the
Google API Services User Data Policy
.
Targeted Online Advertisements:
We use third party service providers to help us understand our marketing efforts and to reach potential customers across the web. These third parties may use targeting and advertising cookies to track your online activity and across different channels, including our websites, email, and other websites and applications, to understand your interests, to display an advertisement for Amplitude, or email you with a marketing communication for Amplitude.
This Privacy Notice does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, cookies in third party ads. You should check the privacy policies of advertisers and/or ad services to learn more about their use of cookies and your information.
Information We Collect Automatically:
As you navigate through and interact with our Website or Product, we may use cookies, which are small files placed on your computer or mobile device, and web beacons, which are small electronic files located on pages of the Website or in email communications, to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions and events, and patterns. You can learn more about cookies and how we use them
here
.
We also use cookies to access information when you sign in, store your preferences, interact with certain functionality in the Product, to keep you logged in, and to store a limited amount of behavioral data.
The data automatically collected from cookies and web beacons may include information from your Web browser (such as browser type and browser language) and details of your visits to our Website, including traffic data, logs about your login history, identity confirmation, page views, length of visit and website navigation paths as well as information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address and connecting software. We collect this data in order to help us provide, support and improve our Website, the Product and the user experience with our Website and Product, and for network and information security purposes. You can learn more about cookies and how we use them
here
.
Additionally, Amplitude may use cookies and similar technologies to collect information about our Customers' interactions with the Product in a manner that allows us to reproduce and fix issues and to identify areas of improvement for our Product. Customers can opt out of the use of this software during their use of the Product by contacting us at privacy@amplitude.com.
The information we collect automatically may also include statistical and performance information arising from our Customers’ use of our Product and Visitors to our Website. This type of data will only be used by us in an aggregated and anonymized manner.
3.2
THE WAY AMPLITUDE USES YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We use Personal Data that we collect about you or that you provide to us as is necessary to run our business and to carry out day-to-day business activities. How we use the Personal Data we collect depends in part on how you choose to communicate with us, how you use our Website and/or Product and interact with us, and any preferences you have communicated to us. In general, we use the Personal Data in order to respond to a request from you, to carry out our legal obligations, to fulfill a contract with you, to provide the Product or other services to you, to make improvements to the Product, to protect your vital interests, to provide you with notices and for other purposes with your consent as described below.
We use the Personal Data you provide to us when you fill in forms on our Website to respond to your request, provide requested information, and to contact you about that request. Our legal basis for processing this personal information is our legitimate interest in communicating with you and fulfilling your requests.
We may use your Personal Data to provide the Product to you, including to make improvements to the Product and understand your preferences to personalize your experience, as well as for non-marketing or administrative purposes (such as notifying you of major changes to the Website, the Product or for customer service purposes). Our legal basis for processing this Personal Data is in the performance of our contract to provide the Product or other services to you.
We also use the Personal Data you provide to us for the purpose of operating our Website and Product; to detect bugs, report errors and to maintain the quality and safety of our Website and Product; and for ensuring the security and integrity of our Website and Product. Our legal basis for processing this personal information is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of and security of our Website and Product.
For Personal Data that we collect through tracking technologies about your interaction with our Website and Product, we use this information for analyzing the use of the Website and Product in order to improve the quality and design, user experience, and performance of our Website and Product. Our legal basis for processing this type of data is our legitimate interests, namely, to provide you with a better user experience.
For Personal Data we collect through targeted or online advertising cookies, we use this information to display and measure engagement with advertisements across different devices and sites and to serve you with marketing materials.
We may use the Personal Data you provide to us at marketing events, when you register for an online webinar or download a whitepaper for the purpose of offering, marketing and selling products and services to you or to communicate with you about an event. Our legal basis for processing this Personal Data is consent, which you can withdraw at any time.
We may also use any of your Personal Data identified in this Privacy Notice for the purposes of: (i) enforcing our agreements and policies, including Terms of Service or Main Service Agreement, (ii) protecting or defending Amplitude’s legal rights; (iv) protecting your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person; or (v) complying with a legal obligation.
We may use your Personal Data for any other business purpose stated when collecting your Personal Data or as otherwise set forth in applicable data privacy laws.
We will not collect additional categories of Personal Data or use the Personal Data we collect for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.
As noted in the list above, we may communicate with you if you’ve provided us the means to do so. For example, if you’ve given us your email address, we may send you promotional email offers or email you about your use of the Product or Website. Also, we may receive a confirmation when you open an email from us, which helps us improve our Website and Product. If you do not want to receive communications from us, you can unsubscribe from marketing communications or email us with your preferences at privacy@amplitude.com or ccpa@amplitude.com.
3.3 LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING PERSONAL DATA FOR EEA, UK, AND SWISS VISITORS AND CUSTOMERS
If you are an individual in the European Economic Area (“
EEA
”), United Kingdom, Switzerland, or another relevant jurisdiction, we collect and process Personal Data about you only where we have a legal basis or bases for doing so under applicable laws. The legal bases depend on how you use the Website and/or Product, the Product your organization has purchased or uses, how you choose to interact and communicate with Amplitude’s Website and Product, and whether you attend Amplitude events. However, we will collect Personal Data only where we have your consent to do so, where we need the Personal Data to perform a contract with you, or where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect Personal Data from you and we will endeavor to make that clear at collection.
4. When Amplitude Discloses Personal Data
We may disclose Personal Data that we collect or you provide to us as described below.
We may disclose Personal Data that we collect or you provide to us to our subsidiaries and affiliates.
We may share your Personal Data collected from you as described in this Privacy Notice with third-party service providers who need to access the Personal Data in order to perform services on behalf of Amplitude, such as processing or storing such information, securing our Website or Product, or providing analytics services on our behalf. The third-party service providers are limited to using the Personal Data solely to provide the services to us and are bound by contractual obligations to keep Personal Data confidential and secure and to use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them.
If you are part of an Amplitude program that allows you to pay fees with a credit card or debit card and you choose to pay such fees with a credit card or debit card, your credit card or debit card information is provided directly to our third-party payment processor, Stripe, to process the payments. The payment information is transmitted directly via an encrypted connection to Stripe. Stripe uses, processes and stores your Personal Data and payment information in accordance with Stripe’s privacy policy available at stripe.com/us/privacy. Amplitude does not collect or store your payment information. Stripe maintains that it is PCI compliant and you can learn more about Stripe’s security measures available at stripe.com/help/security.
We may share your Personal Data if we believe disclosure is necessary to comply with applicable laws, regulations, respond to a court order, subpoena or a government request (such as a search warrant). If a government request or other legal process requires Amplitude to disclose your personal data, then Amplitude will use reasonable efforts to provide you with prior notification of the disclosure unless Amplitude is prohibited by law from doing so.
Amplitude also reserves the right to disclose your Personal Data that Amplitude believes, in good faith, is appropriate or necessary to: (i) enforce our agreements and policies, including for billing and collection purposes, (ii) protect the security or integrity of the Website or Product; or (iii) protect or defend Amplitude’s legal rights.
In the event that Amplitude is acquired by or merged with a third party entity, we reserve the right, in any of these circumstances, to transfer or assign your Personal Data as part of such merger, acquisition, sale, or other change of control. In the unlikely event of our bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership, or assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the application of laws or equitable principles affecting creditors rights generally, we may not be able to control how your personal information is treated, transferred, or used.
Amplitude may disclose anonymized and/or aggregated information about Visitors to the Website or our Customers’ use of the Product that does not identify any individual.
Amplitude makes available our Community Forum and other resources or materials where you may post user generated content. The information you choose to post is publicly available and may be read and collected by others that visit these sections of the Website. Except for the details in your profile (e.g., username), the categories of data disclosed in these circumstances will depend on what information you choose to provide.
Amplitude may disclose Personal Data to third-party business partners at your direction, if you access or request contact from the third-party business partners through the Product or Website or at a marketing event.
Amplitude may disclose Personal Data that we collect or you provide to us for any purpose disclosed by us when we collect the information or with your consent, such as advertising or marketing providers.
5. Customer End User Data
This Privacy Notice does not apply to Customer End Users, Customer End User Data or Customer Applications.
With respect to the Personal Data collected by our Customers and submitted to the Amplitude platform, Amplitude is a processor and only processes such Personal Data in accordance with the instructions of our Customers. Our Customers may integrate into their mobile applications, websites or other services (collectively, "
Customer Applications
") certain aspects of our Product in order to understand how their own users ("
Customer End Users
") engage with the Customer Applications ("
Customer End User Data
").
Our Customers, not Amplitude, choose the type of Customer End User Data collected by Customer Applications, and submitted and processed through our Customers’ use of the Products. We process the Customer End User Data only according to the instructions of Customers and our legal obligations with respect to the Customer End User Data is set forth in the agreement between us and our Customers. The collection of Customer End User Data through Customer Applications is governed by our Customers’ privacy policies, and if you are a Customer End User then you should review the Customer’s privacy policy to learn more about the Customer’s data handling practices.
While Amplitude recognizes that an individual has the right to access, delete and amend the data collected about that individual, Amplitude only has a relationship with our Customers and does not interact with the Customer End Users. As such, if you are a Customer End User and you would like to access, amend or delete your data, you need to contact the Customer directly with your request which Customer may process. Amplitude will respond within a reasonable period of time to any such request or assistance requested by our Customer.
Amplitude only retains the Customer End User Data we process on behalf of our Customers for as long as necessary to provide the Product to our Customers or as required to comply with legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce any agreement.
6. International Transfer
By interacting with the Website or using the Product or otherwise providing information to Amplitude, you understand that your Personal Data may be transferred to the United States or another country other than your country of residence and you consent to such transfer. In order to ensure that your Personal Data receives an adequate level of protection and security, Amplitude has implemented appropriate safeguards for cross-border transfers of Personal Data, as required by applicable data protection laws. These safeguards may include using the European Commission-approved standard contractual clauses to protect the transfer of your Personal Data to Amplitude’s corporate affiliates or service providers, if required by applicable law.
Amplitude complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“Swiss-U.S. DPF”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Amplitude has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. DPF Principles with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Amplitude has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles (together, the “DPF Principles”), the DPF Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (“DPF”) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
For the actions of third party agents Amplitude engages to process data on our behalf, Amplitude remains responsible and liable under the DPF Principles if a third party agent processes the Personal Data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless Amplitude proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
7. Our Commitment To Data Security
Amplitude uses commercially reasonable physical, managerial, and technical safeguards designed to secure your Personal Data from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. These measures include, for example, physical access controls, encryption, firewalls, and detection and monitoring. Our personnel who may have access to your Personal Data are required to keep that information confidential and trained on their security and privacy obligations.
You, however, are also responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and other information used by you to access the Website or use the Product. While Amplitude does its best to protect your Personal Data, any transmission of your Personal Data is done at your own risk and Amplitude cannot guarantee that such Personal Data may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards. Except as expressly required by law, we are not responsible for the theft, destruction, loss or inadvertent disclosure of your Personal Data or information. If Amplitude learns of a security systems breach, then we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps. Amplitude may post a notice on the Website or in Product if a security breach occurs. Depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing.
8. Your Choices About How We Use And Disclose Information We Collect From You
We strive to provide you with choices regarding your Personal Data and we understand that you have the right to access, correct, delete, object to and restrict our use of your Personal Data. We also understand that you have the right to obtain a copy of your Personal Data from us and to withdraw your consent to the processing of your Personal Data by us. Please note that the rights set forth in this Section 8, unless otherwise noted, apply globally to all Visitors and Customers, whether or not you are a California resident or a resident of the EEA, United Kingdom, or Switzerland. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your Personal Data:
You may choose not to provide Personal Data through our Website or when you register for the Product, in which case Amplitude may not be able to provide certain services to you or respond to your requests.
You can access, review, correct and/or change your Personal Data by logging into your account on the Website or Product and visiting your account profile page. You may also send us an email at privacy@amplitude.com or ccpa@amplitude.com to request access to, correct or delete any Personal Data that you have provided to us. In some cases, we may not be able to delete your Personal Data except by also deleting your user account.
If you do not wish to have your email address or other contact information used by us to promote our own products or services, you can opt-out by checking the relevant box located on the form on which we collect your Personal Data, by updating your user or subscription preferences in your account profile(s), or by sending us an email stating your request to privacy@amplitude.com. If we have sent you a promotional email, you may unsubscribe to receive future emails via the unsubscribe link in that email or adjust your user preferences in your account profile as noted above. The opt out specified above does not apply to information provided to us as a result of a purchase, product service experience or other transactions. You cannot unsubscribe from non-promotional and transactional communications.
You may also request a copy of your Personal Data that you have provided to us directly by sending an email to privacy@amplitude.com or ccpa@amplitude.com. We will provide you a copy of your Personal Data in a commonly used electronic form.
If we collected and processed your Personal Data with your consent, where required by law, you can withdraw your consent at any time by emailing privacy@amplitude.com or ccpa@amplitude.com.
Depending on your country or state of residence, including if you are a California resident, you have the right to opt out of the sale of Personal Data, certain sharing of Personal Data with third party ad partners, and the right to limit the use or disclosure of sensitive personal information. We do not sell your Personal Data or use or disclose sensitive personal information for purposes other than those permitted by the CCPA. We may share Personal Data with third party ad partners, such as through cookies or by providing lists of email addresses for potential customers so we can reach them across the web with relevant ads. If you wish to opt out of sharing, you may adjust your preferences in the Cookie Settings.
If you wish to opt out of this sharing of your Personal Data with cookies on this domain, please update your Cookie Settings.
Please note to exercise the rights set forth above we may ask you to: (1) provide sufficient information to allow us to verify that you are the person about whom we have collected Personal Data, and (2) describe the request in sufficient detail to allow us to understand, evaluate, and respond to it. Each request that meets both of these criteria will be considered a "Valid Request." We may not respond to requests that do not meet these criteria. We will only use Personal Data provided in a Valid Request to verify you and complete your request. You do not need an account to submit a Valid Request.
We will work to respond to your Valid Request within 30 days of receipt. We will not charge you a fee for making a Valid Request unless your Valid Request(s) is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that your Valid Request warrants a fee, we will notify you of the fee and explain that decision before completing your request.
You may submit a Valid Request, or appeal our response to a valid request, by emailing us at privacy@amplitude.com or ccpa@amplitude.com with the appropriate information and detail.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights under the GDPR, CCPA or other applicable data privacy laws or regulations. We will not deny you our goods or services, charge you different prices or rates, or provide you a lower quality of goods and services if you exercise your rights under the GDPR, CCPA or other applicable data privacy laws or regulations.
9. Other Information About Our Privacy Practices
9.1
Our Retention Practices
Personal Data that Amplitude collects and processes as a controller for the purposes identified in this Privacy Notice are not kept by Amplitude for longer than is necessary for the specific purpose identified in this Privacy Notice, unless required to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your Personal Data to comply with applicable laws or regulations), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies. When we no longer have a legitimate business need to retain your Personal Data, we will either delete or anonymize it.
9.2
Children’s Privacy
Amplitude’s Website and Product are not directed at children. We do not knowingly collect or solicit Personal Data directly from individuals that are under the age of 13. If you are under 13, please do not provide or send us any Personal Data or attempt to register for or otherwise use the Product. If we learn that a child under 13 has directly provided us with their Personal Data through the Website or Product, or that we have collected information for a child under 13 through our marketing activities, then we will delete that information. If you believe a child under 13 has registered for an account on the Website or Product, or is receiving marketing materials from Amplitude, please contact us at privacy@amplitude.com.
9.3
Automated Decision-Making
Amplitude does not use any Personal Data provided by you for the purpose of automated decision-making or profiling.
9.4
Other Websites; Links
Our Website, Product or marketing materials may contain links to other third party websites or applications (such as Facebook, LinkedIn or Twitter). This Privacy Notice does not apply to any third party websites, including through any application that may link to or be accessible from or on the Website or Product, and Amplitude is not responsible for the privacy policies and the content of the third party websites or applications.
10. Updates And Changes To The Privacy Notice
Please note that we reserve the right, at any time, to add to, change, update, or modify this Privacy Notice, to reflect changes in our practices, technologies, additional factors, and to be consistent with applicable data protection and privacy laws or other legal requirements. The modified Privacy Notice will be posted on this website along with the effective date. If, in our reasonable discretion, the changes are material, we will provide you with additional notice (such as adding a notice on our Website, in the Product, or sending you an email notification). Changes to this Privacy Notice are effective when they are posted on this page.
11. Disputes
As part of our commitment to the DPF Principles, if you are a resident of the European Union, UK, or Switzerland and you have a privacy or data use concern, please contact Amplitude directly at privacy@amplitude.com and Amplitude will use its best efforts to address your concern within 45 days of receipt of your complaint. For an unresolved privacy or data use concern that Amplitude has not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S. based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution
.
For any DPF disputes that cannot be resolved by the methods above, you may be able to invoke a binding arbitration process under certain conditions. To find out more about the DPF's binding arbitration scheme, please see Annex I of the DPF Principles, here:
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/Participation-Requirements-Data-Privacy-Framework-DPF-Principles-dpf
.
The Federal Trade Commission has investigation and enforcement authority over Amplitude’s compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF
12. California Privacy Rights
Under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 and its amendments (“CCPA”), California residents have certain rights to disclosures about how we collect, use, retain and disclose your Personal Data. This section addresses those requirements. For a description of all of our data collection, use and disclosure practices, please read this Privacy Notice in its entirety.
Personal Data Collection and Disclosure
Amplitude does not sell Personal Data as we understand the term “sell” to be defined by the CCPA. We share Personal Data, as we understand the term “share” to be defined by the CCPA, as set forth below.
The categories of Personal Data we may collect from you, from third parties, and from your interactions with us, and categories of third party recipients to whom we disclose such Personal Data for business purposes are set forth below. For additional detail about the Personal Data we collect and use and with whom we share this Personal Data and for what purpose, please review Sections 3 and 4 above.
Identifiers (such as name, email address, work address, and phone number)
Service providers; third parties
Commercial information (such as account records and transaction data)
Service providers; third parties
Internet or other network or device activity (such as browsing history or Website or Product usage)
Service providers
Geolocation data (such as country, city, or approximate location inferred from your IP address)
Service providers
Professional or employment-related data
Service providers; third parties
The following categories of Personal Data have been shared in the preceding 12 months with third party advertising partners and advertising technology providers so that we can reach you with advertisements for our products and services and make them more relevant to you:
Identifiers and contact information
Analytics or other electronic network activity.
Amplitude does not use or disclose sensitive personal information for purposes other than those permitted purposes under the CCPA. Amplitude does not have actual knowledge that it sells or shares Personal Data of individuals under the age of 16.
We retain Personal Data as described in Section 9.1 above.
California law gives California residents the right to make certain requests with regard to their Personal Data. Please see Section 8 for a description of your choices and how you may make a request.
13. Contact Us
If you have any comments, concerns or questions about this Privacy Notice or our privacy practices in general, please send an email to
privacy@amplitude.com
,
ccpa@amplitude.com
, or send mail to:
Amplitude, Inc.
Attn: Privacy
201 Third Street, Suite 200
San Francisco, CA 94103
EFFECTIVE DATE
This Privacy Notice was last updated on September 26, 2023.
14. Cookies
Amplitude uses cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns. Below we describe what cookies and web beacons are, why we use cookies and web beacons, the types of cookies and web beacons that we use, as well as what you can do in order to manage and delete cookies and web beacons.
What are cookies and web beacons?
Cookies are small text files that websites often store on computer hard drives or mobile devices of visitors to their websites. A cookie contains a unique number, which is used to recognize your computer or mobile device when you return to our Website. Cookies can remain on your computer or mobile device for different periods of time. The cookies can be either "persistent" cookies or "session" cookies. Persistent cookies are stored by a web browser and remain valid until a set expiration date. Session cookies only exist while your internet browser is open and are automatically deleted once you close your browser.
Web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) are small electronic files contained on pages of websites that permit companies to count users who have visited certain webpages on a website and are used for other related website statistics (e.g., recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
What does Amplitude
use cookies and web beacons for?
Amplitude uses a variety of cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies for different purposes. Specifically, Amplitude uses cookies and web beacons to enhance the experience of our visitors to our Website (for example, by remembering your preferences and letting you navigate between pages efficiently) and to better understand how the Website and Product are used. Cookies may tell us, for example, whether you have visited the Website before or whether you are a new visitor.
What types of cookies and web beacons are used by Amplitude?
Amplitude uses both first-party and third-party cookies and web beacons. First-party cookies and web beacons are cookies and web beacons that are served directly by Amplitude to your computer or mobile device. Third-party cookies and web beacons are served by a third-party service provider on behalf of Amplitude. Third-party cookies are most commonly used for advertising and analytics purposes.
There are four categories of cookies and web beacons used by Amplitude. Specifically, Amplitude uses essential, performance, functionality and advertising cookies and web beacons.
Essential cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies are necessary for the operation of the Website and Product. These tracking technologies enable you to move around on the Website and use the Website’s features. You may not opt-out of these types of cookies because they are required to operate the Website and Product.
Performance cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies collect information about how you have used the Website and Product. We use performance cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies to improve the user experience with our Website and Product.
Functionality cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies allow us to remember how you are logged into our Website, when you logged in or out and the actions you have taken while you have been logged into the Website.
Advertising cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies are used by our third-party service providers to deliver advertising to you on other third-party websites as well as help measure the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns. We also use these types of cookies to analyze Website visits and ad conversions from third-party websites.
The table below lists the types of cookies and third party service providers currently used by Amplitude but may not include all cookies or third party service providers. In addition, the below list of cookies and third party service providers is subject to change at any time.
Performance
Amplitude
We use our own products and services to analyze the user behavior within our website and our own products and services.
For more information about our privacy practices, see
https://amplitude.com/privacy
Performance
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics to analyze the use of our website.
For more information about Google’s privacy practices, see
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Functional
Intercom
We use Intercom to power chat functionality.
For more information about Intercom’s privacy practices, see
https://www.intercom.com/legal/privacy
Advertising
Marketo
We use Marketo for marketing automation services.
For more information about Marketo’s cookie policy, see
https://documents.marketo.com/legal/cookies/
Advertising
Doubleclick
We use Doubleclick to track advertisements and measure website visits and conversions.
For more information about opting out of the ads, see
https://adssettings.google.com/u/0/authenticated
Advertising
LinkedIn
We use LinkedIn to track conversions and website visits from our advertisements displayed on LinkedIn.
For more information about LinkedIn’s privacy practices, please see
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
Advertising
Facebook
We use Facebook to track conversions and website visits from our advertisements displayed on Facebook.
For more information about Facebook’s privacy practices, please see
https://www.facebook.com/help/www/213802165366955
Advertising
AddThis
We use AddThis for their website tools like social sharing buttons.
For more information about AddThis’s privacy practices, please see
https://www.oracle.com/legal/privacy/addthis-privacy-policy.html
Advertising
StackAdapt
We use StackAdapt to track advertisements and measure website visits and conversions.
For more information about StackAdapt’s privacy practices, please see
https://www.stackadapt.com/platform-and-services-privacy-policy
Advertising
Bing
We use Bing to track conversions and website visits from our advertisements displayed on Bing.
For more information about Bing’s privacy practices, please see
https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/privacystatement
Advertising
Reddit
We use Reddit to track conversions and website visits from our advertisements displayed on Reddit.
For more information about Reddit’s privacy practices, please see
https://www.reddit.com/policies/privacy-policy
What are your choices about cookies?
You can decide whether or not to accept cookies through our Cookie Settings link on our Website. Most browsers allow you to configure the browser settings so that cookies from websites cannot be placed on your computer or mobile device. If you choose not to accept cookies, then you may be able to continue browsing our Website but we may not be able to provide you with certain features. If you want to opt out of advertising or performance cookies, then you may do so by reviewing the privacy policies of the third party service providers who serve the advertising and performance cookies identified above. If you would like further information about cookies and how to manage and delete them, please visit
www.allaboutcookies.org
or
www.youronlinechoices.eu
.
You can also delete all cookies that are already on your computer. If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit a site and the Product, Website and functionalities may not work.
What are your choices about cookies and interest-based advertisements?
Through the Digital Advertising Alliance and Network Advertising Initiative, several media and marketing associations have developed an industry self-regulatory program to give consumers a better understanding of, and greater control over, ads that are customized based on a consumer’s online behavior across different websites and properties. To make choices about internet-based ads from participating third parties, including to opt-out of receiving behaviorally targeted advertisements from participating organizations or to learn more about opting out of advertising cookies, please visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s or Digital Advertising Alliance’s consumer opt-out pages, which are located at
http://networkadvertising.org/choices/
or
www.aboutads.info/choices
. For those users located in the European Union, you can visit the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance’s user information website a
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
.
15. Previous Privacy Version
August 28, 2023
December 30, 2022
Sub-policy 3
https://www.appsflyer.com/legal/privacy-policy/:
Platform
Measure
Measurement suite
Measure every action on mobile, web and CTV
ROI measurement
Understand your true mobile marketing ROI
Creative Optimization
Unlock creative performance with the power of AI
Analyze
Marketing analytics
Turn insights on campaign performance into action
Incrementality
Prove the real value of your marketing campaigns
Engage
CX & deep linking
Boost revenue with exceptional customer experience
Audience segmentation
Create meaningful conversations with your customers
Protect
Fraud protection
Protect your marketing budget from mobile ad fraud
Collaborate
Privacy Cloud
Collaborate with your partners in a privacy-centric way
AppsFlyer Data Collaboration Platform
First-party data monetization that fuels retail media growth
Partner marketplace
Connect to over 10,000 tech and media partners
Interactive product tours
iOS 14+ solutions
Data feeds & APIs
Solutions
Team
Marketing
Product
Data & Analytics
R&D
Goal
Regain iOS visibility
Kickstart app growth
Scale user acquisition
Increase engagement & LTV
Maximize ROAS
Industry
Gaming
Shopping
Finance
Food & drink
Health & fitness
Travel
Platform
iOS
Android
PC & console
CTV & OTT
Web
Mobile
Web3
Partnerships
Tech and media partners
Agency partners
Partner Program
Interactive product tours
Customer stories
The AppsFlyer difference
Learn
Resources
Stay informed with industry insights, the latest trends, original content, and all things AppsFlyer
Ecosystem
Blog
Reports & guides
Events & webinars
Tools & templates
Industry benchmarks
Videos
Podcasts
Glossary
Metrics comparison
Customers
Customer stories
Product news
Use cases
Help center
Developer Hub
AppsFlyer Learning
Come to MAMA
Company
Who we are
Find out more about our history, our team, what we stand for, and why we do what we do
About us
Newsroom
CEO blog spot
Trust hub
Careers
Social impact
Contact
From our CEO
The future of our ecosystem and web
On privacy and user experience
Aggregated advanced privacy
Pricing
Login
Sign up free
Contact sales
Legal hub
MSA
Site Terms
Website Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
DPA
Opt Out
Processing Customer Data
Supplier Portal
Subprocessors
Modern Slavery Statement
Documentation
MSA
Site Terms
Website Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
DPA
Opt Out
Processing Customer Data
Supplier Portal
Subprocessors
Modern Slavery Statement
Website Privacy Policy
Last updated May 28, 2024
This Privacy Policy applies to: (i) use of the AppsFlyer owned and operated Websites (appsflyer.com, onelink.me and their subdomains); (ii) our marketing activities including, registrations as part of webinars, conference events, emails etc.; and (iii) any other product or activity that links to, or otherwise references, this privacy policy (collectively, the “Marketing Platforms“). We respect your privacy rights and value your trust. This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, receive, use, store, share, transfer, and process your personal information, as well as your rights in determining what we do with the information that we collect or hold about you.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to information collected through use by customers of the AppsFlyer service, which is described under our
Services Privacy Policy
.
Information We Collect
When using or interacting with our Marketing Platforms, we may collect or receive the following types of information (collectively, “Information”).
“Personal Information” such as name, email, contact details or any other personal content that you provide to us whether through a form or field on our website or any other communication (e.g. email, phone, post etc.).
“Technical Information” such as browser type, operating system, device type, IP address and other similar technical information typically received from a browser or device automatically when visiting or interacting with our Marketing Platforms. This may include the referring URL that led you to our website.
“Usage Information” such as the pages you visited on our website, where you clicked, searches performed on our website and other similar information related to how you have used our website. It may also include information related to whether you receive, opened or clicked on any links in an email sent to you.
We understand that certain Technical information or Usage Information may, either alone or when combined with other data, be deemed personal data under various laws and jurisdictions and we are committed to treating such data in compliance with applicable laws.
The Methods We Use to Collect and Receive Information
Depending on the type of Information, we may collect or receive Information in the following ways:
When you voluntarily share Information with us. For example, when you register to one of our events, request that we contact you through our online forms, submit your CV, or when you request to receive certain content that we may make available (e.g. research and white papers).
Through use of cookies and other similar technologies (e.g. HTML5 Local Storage, LSO, web beacons, JavaScript, etc.). These technologies help us to analyze how our Marketing Platforms are used and to tailor content that is relevant to you. It also helps us to deliver more relevant advertisements to you on our own or third party sites. For more information on such technologies, including how to manage your cookie preferences please see our
Cookie Policy
.
Information obtained from third party sources. This includes Information received through the various business support tools and services that we use (e.g. marketing platforms, analytics services etc.) and public sources such as social media sites. We may combine the Information received through these sources with other Information we have in order to ensure our records are up to date and so that we are able to provide you with relevant content.
You have choices in how we collect and use Information. See the “
Your Choices
” section below for more information.
The Purposes
We use Information for the following purposes:
To process your inquiries and to respond to your requests. For example, when you contact us to learn more about our products or services or when you request to receive certain materials from us (e.g. white papers, research papers, product and services information). Additionally, if you submit your CV to us, we use it to evaluate your candidacy (including by assessing your qualifications and skills).
To send you information related to our services and products that we believe may interest you, such as newsletters or product and service updates. Such communications will be sent to you when you have chosen to receive such communication or when we have a legitimate interest to market our products and services. In any event, you will always be able to opt-out of receiving such communications. Opting out may be done either directly in the communication received or through the ways described in the instructions in the “
Your Choices
” section below.
To understand how you have used our Marketing Platforms and to customize them in accordance with your interests and past actions and choices. We do this based on our legitimate interest to operate our Marketing Platforms, diagnose any problems with the Marketing Platforms and to improve the Marketing Platforms and your experience when navigating through them.
In our legitimate interest to prevent fraud or harm to us or to any third party, and ensure the security of our network and services.
Where it is necessary for AppsFlyer to comply with its legal obligations and to exercise and enforce its legal rights.
We may use certain third-party marketing and advertising networks to help us market our products on our own website and on third party websites (e.g. remarketing ads across the Internet by Google).
Who We Share Information With
In order to conduct our business and operate our Marketing Platforms, we may share Information with various third parties, such as:
Our subsidiary companies and global branches.
Third parties that help us operate our Marketing Platforms (e.g. hosting company, recruitment platforms and agencies, payment processors, business management and email distribution service providers and other similar service providers). These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us.
When required by law, such as to comply with court orders, search warrants, regulatory orders, subpoenas, and other lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements;
Legal authorities, consultants, advisors or service providers when required to investigate, respond to, or prevent, fraud; or when required to ensure the security of our network and services and protect the safety of AppsFlyer or the public.
As part of any merger or acquisition of AppsFlyer, Information may be transferred to the merging or acquiring company, as well as to any advisors representing a party during discussions of such merger or acquisition.
AppsFlyer resellers, agents, partners or service providers acting on our behalf in connection with the offering of AppsFlyer’s products or services.
Third-party marketing and advertising networks to help us market our products on our own website and on third party websites (e.g. remarketing ads across the Internet by Google).
Without derogating from the foregoing, AppsFlyer may publish general aggregate and unidentifiable information (e.g. statistical information) relating to use of its Marketing Platforms.
Cross Border Data Transfers and Mechanisms
We may need to transfer Information to countries where we and/or our service providers operate. Such countries may be different from the country in which the data originated and where data protection laws may not be equivalent to, or offer the same protection as, those in your country. By using our Marketing Platforms, you agree to any such transfers. In any event, where appropriate given the nature of services, we will put in place agreements with our service providers to ensure a level of privacy consistent with the terms of this policy.
With regards to the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Economic Area to the United States, please be assured that AppsFlyer continues to comply with all applicable laws in respect of such transfers and any data transfers to the United States will be governed by the Standard Contractual Clauses as set forth in our DPA with the relevant service provider.
AppsFlyer Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. AppsFlyer Inc. has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, as well as to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the DPF Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view AppsFlyer’s certification, please visit
Data Privacy Framework website
.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over AppsFlyer Inc.’s compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, and in case of onward transfer of data to third parties, AppsFlyer maintains liability.
In compliance with the DPF Principles, AppsFlyer is committed to resolving any complaints arising regarding our processing of your personal data. You may direct your queries to privacy@appsflyer.com and, in compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, we are committed to referring unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the DPF to Truste, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://trustarc.com/dispute-resolution/
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of Truste are provided at no cost to you and allow for binding arbitration.
Protecting Your Information
We strive to meet the highest standards of security measures across our business units. We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational measures based on industry-leading standards. Such measures are designed to protect against unauthorized access or unlawful processing of Personal Information and against accidental loss, destruction or damage of Personal Information. As part of such measures, we have established various policies and procedures that guide us, including in respect of asset management, access management, physical security, people security, product security, cloud and network infrastructure security, third-party security, vulnerability management, security monitoring, and incident response.
Information Storage and Retention
We may store Information on our own servers as well as those operated by third party data hosting providers. As specified in Section 5 above (Cross Border Transfers), such servers may be located worldwide. We will only retain your Personal Information for as long as necessary to pursue the purpose of the collection. We may also retain your Personal Information for such time needed to pursue our legitimate business interests, in connection with any legal claims and compliance with legal obligations. When we use your information for direct marketing purposes, we will retain your data until you opt-out from receiving the marketing materials; provided that we will need to retain certain information to maintain a record of your request.
Modifications to This Policy
AppsFlyer may amend this Privacy Policy at any time, provided that in the event of a material change we shall provide notice on this page and/or a note near the link to this page. The updates shall apply immediately for new Information collected or provided as of the day of the update and following thirty (30) days for any Information collected or provided to AppsFlyer prior to the update date. If you do not agree to the terms of the new policy you are requested to contact the Legal Department using the contact details listed in Section 11 below. We encourage you to periodically review this page for any updates.
Your Choices
We provide you with various choices on how we may use Information in connection with: (i) our marketing activities; and (ii) our use of cookies and similar technologies to serve your interest-based advertisements and to analyze usage of our Marketing Platforms.
You may choose to stop receiving our newsletter or marketing emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in these emails, accessing the email preferences in your account settings page, or you can contact us at
https://www.appsflyer.com/company/contact/
. You can manage your preferences related to our use of cookies and similar technologies that we use, among other things, to provide you with targeted interest-based advertisements and to analyze your use of our Marketing Platforms – please see our
Cookie Policy
for instructions. Additionally, certain advertisers (including Google) we work with may be members of NAI and/or the Digital Advertising Alliance. You may opt-out from such advertisers’ services here or at the following link:
https://youradchoices.com/
In addition, the laws of some jurisdictions may provide you with various rights in connection with our processing of certain Information. Such rights may include:
The right to withdraw any previously provided consent;
The right to access certain information about you that we process;
The right to have us correct or update any Personal Information;
The right to have certain Information erased;
The right to have us temporarily block our processing of certain Information;
The right to have Information exported into common machine-readable format;
The right to object to our processing of Information in cases of direct marketing, or when we rely on legitimate interests as our lawful basis to process your information; and
The right to lodge a complaint with the appropriate data protection authority.
We will respond to your requests within a reasonable timeframe. Please note these rights may be limited in certain circumstances as provided by applicable law. For any additional information regarding such rights or to exercise any such rights please contact AppsFlyer at: privacy@appsflyer.com
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
.
Social Media and Third Party Services
Our website may offer a blog with ‘comments’ section and various social media features, such as a ‘share’ button or links to third party websites and services, including Twitter, LinkedIn, Google+ and Facebook. When using any such features, certain information may be collected by such third parties, including your IP address or which page you are visiting on our website, and such third parties may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Any data collected by such third parties is governed by such third party’s privacy policy. You are encouraged to carefully review such third party privacy policies.
Children’s Privacy
AppsFlyer does not knowingly collect or process personal data from or with respect to children under the age of 16, and you must be 16 years of age or older in order to establish an account for AppsFlyer’s Services. If you are a parent or legal guardian and believe that your child under the age of 16 has submitted his or her personal data or other data without your consent, permission, or authorization – please let us know immediately, and we will promptly act to remove your child’s data from our database, cease the use of such data and inform any other party we suspect to have access to such data to do the same.
California Privacy Rights
We may collect personal information about California residents who are afforded additional rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act, Cal. Civ. Code §§ 1798.100 et seq. (the “CCPA“). If you are a California resident, you can see more details about the types of personal information we have collected from you in the past 12 months and may collect from you in Section 1 above (
Information We Collect
) and how we collect such personal information in Section 2 above (
The Methods We Use to Collect and Receive Information
). The purposes for which we collect your personal information are further described in Section 3 above (
The Purpose
). We do not share your personal information with any third party except as further described in Section 4 above (
Who We Share Information With
). Please refer to the other terms of this Privacy Policy to see further rights afforded to you and how we use your personal information.
We do not “Sell” (as defined in the CCPA) your personal information which we have collected or may collect and in the event we will Sell your personal information, we will notify you by updating this Privacy Policy in accordance with Section 8 above (
Modifications to this Policy
) and we will provide you with the option of opting out of such “sale”.
You, as a California resident, have certain rights regarding your personal information pursuant to the CCPA, subject to certain restrictions under applicable laws, including the rights to access your personal information, to delete your personal information, and to opt out of the “sale” of your personal data. You may request any of these by contacting us via email at
privacy@appsflyer.com
or by physical mail to: AppsFlyer Ltd. (Attn: Legal Dept.) 14 Maskit St., Herzliya, Israel. Upon your request, we will verify that you are the person making this request and in order to do so, we may request identification documents from you.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions or concerns about this Website Privacy Policy, the information we collect, the practices of AppsFlyer, or your dealings with the Marketing Platforms, please contact us or our Data Protection Officer by sending an email to:
privacy@appsflyer.com
or by physical mail to: AppsFlyer Ltd. (Attn: Legal Dept.) 14 Maskit St., Herzliya, Israel. For the purposes of Article 27 of the General Data Protection Regulation, the representative within the EU of AppsFlyer is AppsFlyer Germany Schönhauser Allee 180, 10119 Berlin, Germany (contact
privacy@appsflyer.com
; +49 30 166373500).
Sub-policy 4
https://www.appsflyer.com/legal/services-privacy-policy/:
Platform
Measure
Measurement suite
Measure every action on mobile, web and CTV
ROI measurement
Understand your true mobile marketing ROI
Creative Optimization
Unlock creative performance with the power of AI
Analyze
Marketing analytics
Turn insights on campaign performance into action
Incrementality
Prove the real value of your marketing campaigns
Engage
CX & deep linking
Boost revenue with exceptional customer experience
Audience segmentation
Create meaningful conversations with your customers
Protect
Fraud protection
Protect your marketing budget from mobile ad fraud
Collaborate
Privacy Cloud
Collaborate with your partners in a privacy-centric way
AppsFlyer Data Collaboration Platform
First-party data monetization that fuels retail media growth
Partner marketplace
Connect to over 10,000 tech and media partners
Interactive product tours
iOS 14+ solutions
Data feeds & APIs
Solutions
Team
Marketing
Product
Data & Analytics
R&D
Goal
Regain iOS visibility
Kickstart app growth
Scale user acquisition
Increase engagement & LTV
Maximize ROAS
Industry
Gaming
Shopping
Finance
Food & drink
Health & fitness
Travel
Platform
iOS
Android
PC & console
CTV & OTT
Web
Mobile
Web3
Partnerships
Tech and media partners
Agency partners
Partner Program
Interactive product tours
Customer stories
The AppsFlyer difference
Learn
Resources
Stay informed with industry insights, the latest trends, original content, and all things AppsFlyer
Ecosystem
Blog
Reports & guides
Events & webinars
Tools & templates
Industry benchmarks
Videos
Podcasts
Glossary
Metrics comparison
Customers
Customer stories
Product news
Use cases
Help center
Developer Hub
AppsFlyer Learning
Come to MAMA
Company
Who we are
Find out more about our history, our team, what we stand for, and why we do what we do
About us
Newsroom
CEO blog spot
Trust hub
Careers
Social impact
Contact
From our CEO
The future of our ecosystem and web
On privacy and user experience
Aggregated advanced privacy
Pricing
Login
Sign up free
Contact sales
Legal hub
MSA
Site Terms
Website Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
DPA
Opt Out
Processing Customer Data
Supplier Portal
Subprocessors
Modern Slavery Statement
Documentation
MSA
Site Terms
Website Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
DPA
Opt Out
Processing Customer Data
Supplier Portal
Subprocessors
Modern Slavery Statement
Services Privacy Policy
Last updated August 6, 2021
Introduction
AppsFlyer provides attribution and marketing analytics services (“
Services
“) that enable advertisers and developers (collectively, “
Customer(s)
“) to: (i) measure and analyze the effectiveness of their marketing campaigns by understanding which marketing campaigns contributed to the download/installation of their mobile applications (“
Applications
“) or such other conversion metric (e.g. relaunch of Application); and (ii) measure and analyze certain events and actions within their Application or websites, such as in-app purchases made by End Users (as defined below). The Services also help our Customers identify and protect against fraudulent behavior related to their marketing campaigns.
This Services Privacy Policy describes AppsFlyer’s privacy practices in relation to the information collected from Customers and End Users and received by AppsFlyer when Customers use our Services. This Services Privacy Policy does not apply to information collected through use of AppsFlyer’s publicly accessible website or marketing activities, which is described under our Privacy Policy. To view the Privacy Policy, please
click here
. Furthermore, AppsFlyer and its Customers have entered into an agreement that governs the provision of Services by AppsFlyer and their use by Customers (“
Agreement(s)
“). Such Agreements may contain additional obligations on the parties with respect to the handling of information. Nothing in this Services Privacy Policy derogates from such additional obligations.
For the purpose of this Services Privacy Policy: (i) any reference to “
End User(s)
” means end users who have interacted with, or viewed, Customer’s advertising and marketing materials, or use or have used Customer’s Applications, websites, products and services; and (ii) any reference to “
AppsFlyer
” “
we
” “
us
” or “
our
” shall mean AppsFlyer Ltd. and its affiliates.
End User Data Received and Processed by AppsFlyer
When a Customer uses the Services, the following End User information may be received and processed by AppsFlyer (collectively, “
End User Data
”).
“
Technical Information
”: this refers to technical information related to an End User’s mobile device or computer, such as: browser type, device type and model, CPU, system language, memory, OS version, Wi-Fi status, time stamp and zone, device motion parameters and carrier.
“
Technical Identifiers
”: this refers to various unique identifiers that generally only identify a computer, device, browser or Application. For example, IP address (which may also provide general location information), User agent, IDFA (identifier for advertisers), Android ID (in Android devices); Google Advertiser ID, Customer issued user ID and other similar unique identifiers.
“
Engagement Information
”: this refers to information relating to the Customer’s ad campaigns and End User actions, such as: clicks on Customer ads, ad impressions viewed, audiences or segments to which an ad campaign is attributed, the type of ads and the webpage or Application from which such ads were displayed, the webpages on Customer’s website visited by an End User, the URL from the referring website, downloads and installations of Applications, and other interactions, events and actions Customers choose to measure and analyze within their Application or website (e.g. add to cart, in-app purchases made, clicks, engagement time etc.).
While End User Data does not generally contain any information that directly identifies an individual, such as names, addresses, credit cards or other similarly regulated financial information, health information, or any other type of sensitive personal information (“
PII
“), we acknowledge that under certain jurisdictions the End User Data we do receive when a Customer uses the Services may be deemed personal data and therefore, where applicable, will be treated as such. Within the scope of the engagement between Customers and AppsFlyer, Customers are contractually prohibited from collecting PII, unless otherwise agreed by AppsFlyer. However, Customers have sole control over their properties (including their websites and Application) and configuration of the Services and thus Customers have the technical ability to configure the Services to collect PII. This includes, for example, a Customer using an End User’s email address as a Customer issued user ID Technical Identifier. If a Customer has configured the Services to collect PII then we may receive and process such data.
Registration Information Received and Processed by AppsFlyer
When a Customer registers to use the Services, we may collect certain information related to such Customer (“
Registration Information
” and together with the End User Data, “
Customer Data
”), including Customer name and Customer details, billing information and names and contact details of Customer employees and representatives who are using the Services (e.g. email, phone number and address). When a Customer uses the Services, AppsFlyer may also collect certain log data, such as IP address from which a Customer is connecting to the Services, information related to the device being used to connect to the Services (e.g. browser type, device type, OS version) and the features and functions of the Services used by the Customer (“
Log Data
”).
How Data is Collected
Customer Data may be collected through various methods, including:
When provided voluntarily (e.g. Customer’s Registration Information).
When the Customer integrates AppsFlyer’s SDK’s, API’s, pixels, redirect links, JavaScript tags, cookies or similar data collection technologies into their Applications, websites and/or ads (“
Collection Technologies
”). For explanations on cookies and similar technologies, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
From the various advertising networks and third parties that are used by the Customer in connection with the measurement and analysis of Customer’s marketing campaigns and that have partnered with AppsFlyer (“
Partners
”).
How Data is Used by AppsFlyer
When AppsFlyer receives End User Data from a Customer, it uses such End User Data as follows:
to provide such Customer with the Services they have subscribed for. Such services may include, without limitation, attribution, analytics and ad fraud protection services. Please visit
https://www.appsflyer.com
for more information regarding the Services.
to establish: (i) matches between devices used by an End User; and (ii) to detect fraud (such matched data and fraud data, collectively, the, “
Platform Data
”) in order to ensure more accurate attribution measurement and ad fraud protection for Customers using the Services. Platform Data does not contain PII such as End User names, physical addresses, phone numbers or other similar personal data that can directly identify an individual.
With regards to Registration Information and Log Data, we use such information to authenticate login to the Services, to communicate with the Customer and to process any payments in connection with the Services. Additionally, we may use: (i) Registration Information to inform Customers of any updates to the Services, including new features and functionalities; and (ii) Log Data to understand how Customers are using the Services so that we may efficiently audit, maintain and improve the Services provided to Customers.
AppsFlyer may use information derived from the aggregation of End User Data and/or Log Data with other data for research and analytics purposes and improvement and marketing of the Services (“
Aggregated Data
”). Aggregated Data shall be anonymous and in no way reveal the identity of the Customer or any End User.
Sharing Data
AppsFlyer does not share or disclose Customer Data with any third party, except:
Upon our Customer’s request– (e.g. to Partners);
To our subsidiaries and global branches as necessary to help us support and maintain the Services provided to Customers;
To our service providers who help to support our Services – such as data hosting providers and payment processors; Transfers to subsequent third parties are covered by the service agreements with our Customers. These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us.
When legally required (e.g. court orders or other lawful requests by public authorities), including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements;
To respond to, or prevent, fraud or to protect the safety of AppsFlyer, its Customers, End Users or the public;
As part of any merger or acquisition of AppsFlyer, in which case End User Data may be transferred to the surviving or acquiring entity.
Cross Border Data Transfers
AppsFlyer may need to transfer Customer Data to countries other than the country from which the Data originated. Any such transfer shall be done in compliance with all applicable laws. With regards to the collection, use and retention of personal data transferred from the European Economic Area to the United States, please be assured that AppsFlyer continues to comply with all applicable laws in respect of such transfers and any data transfers to the United States will be governed by the Standard Contractual Clauses as set forth in our DPA with the relevant service provider.
Protecting Data and Retention
AppsFlyer implements appropriate technical and organizational measures designed to protect against unauthorized access, accidental loss, destruction or damage of Customer Data. For more information on our security controls, please see
https://www.appsflyer.com/trust/security/
. If you have questions about the security of your personal information, or if you have reason to believe that the personal information that we hold about you is no longer secure, please contact us immediately as described in this Services Privacy Policy.
AppsFlyer will not retain: (i) End User Data for more than twenty-four months except where otherwise directed by Customers or required or allowed by law; and (ii) Registration Information, Log Data or Platform Data for more time than is needed to serve the legitimate business need for which it was collected.
Relationship, Lawful Basis and End User Choices
Under the laws of certain jurisdictions, when processing End User Data in connection with the provision of Services to a Customer, AppsFlyer is deemed a ‘data processor’ while its Customers are deemed ‘data controllers’.
Therefore, End Users should closely review the Privacy Policies of the Applications and websites they use in order to learn about the privacy practices of our Customers.
Where AppsFlyer may be deemed a data controller under the laws of certain jurisdictions (e.g. in connection with its processing of Log Data or Registration Information), AppsFlyer shall comply with all applicable laws related to its status as a data controller and shall only use the data as described in this Services Privacy Policy. With regards to Registration Information and Log Data, the lawful basis AppsFlyer relies on is its need to perform its obligations under the Agreement between AppsFlyer and Customer and on its legitimate interests to maintain, analyze and improve the Services. The laws of certain jurisdictions may provide End Users with various rights in connection with the processing of End User Data, including:
The right to withdraw any previously provided consent;
The right to access certain information about you that we process;
The right to have us correct or update any Personal Information;
The right to have certain Information erased;
The right to have us temporarily block our processing of certain Information;
The right to have Information exported into common machine-readable format;
The right to object to our processing of Information in cases of direct marketing, or when we rely on legitimate interests as our lawful basis to process your information; and
The right to lodge a complaint with the appropriate data protection authority.
Where AppsFlyer is deemed a data processor, End Users should contact our Customers to pursue any such legal data subject rights. AppsFlyer will cooperate with its Customers to support and comply with any such data subject rights requests.
Where AppsFlyer is deemed a data controller, End Users may exercise their rights by contacting AppsFlyer at:
privacy@appsflyer.com
. We will respond to your requests within a reasonable timeframe. Please note these rights may be limited in certain circumstances as provided by applicable law. In any event, AppsFlyer provides End Users with the ability to opt-out of being measured by the Services by emailing a request to
privacy@appsflyer.com
or by completing the form
here
. You may also send any question regarding your exercise of data subject rights to
privacy@appsflyer.com
.
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
.
Updates and Questions
We may update this Services Privacy Policy from time to time. Any material changes will be notified to the Customer either through the Services, email or as otherwise agreed by the parties in the Agreement. We will also indicate that an update has occurred on the top of this page so Customers and End Users are encouraged to review this Services Privacy Policy from time to time. For any questions relating to this Services Privacy Policy or to contact our data protection officer please send us a mail to:
privacy@appsflyer.com
. You may also send us or our data protection officer regular mail:
AppsFlyer – Attn: Legal Team/Data Protection Officer,
14 Maskit St.
Herzliya, Israel
4673314
For the purposes of Article 27 of the General Data Protection Regulation, the representative within the EU of AppsFlyer is AppsFlyer Germany GmbH Kurfürstendamm 11, c/o WeWork, 10719 Berlin, Germany (contact
privacy@appsflyer.com
; +49-30-3119-9129)
Our Cookies Policy
AppsFlyer respects your privacy as our website user. We use cookies to improve your user experience and for remarketing. Some of this data may be shared with select partners. See our
cookies policy
for more information.
Reject all cookies
Accept all cookies
Customize
Cookie Preference Center
AppsFlyer uses Cookies to provide, maintain, and improve our websites, to optimize our offerings and marketing activities, and to provide our visitors and users with a better experience, for example, in order to maintain your preferences, to better secure our websites, to identify technical issues, and to monitor and improve the overall performance of our websites.
More information
Allow All
Please select which Cookies you approve, you may choose all options.
Always Active
Necessary Cookies are enabled for the assurance and function of a properly run website, and they cannot be disabled. They are usually only set in response to actions permitted by you, such as, enabling functions like navigation and access to secure areas of the website. These Cookies do not store personal information that will be used for other purposes.
Performance Cookies
These Cookies provide us with aggregated (anonymous) insights into website enhancement and performance improvement. These cookies allow us to measure and improve the performance of our Sites. They help us know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the website.
Marketing Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Functional Cookies
These Cookies enable us to provide enhanced functionality and personalization through our Sites and allow for a better user experience. These may be set by us (first-party Cookies) or by third-party providers who work with us (third-party Cookies).
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-policy 5
https://www.apple.com/lae/privacy/:
Apple
Mac
Explore All Mac
MacBook Air
MacBook Pro
iMac
Mac mini
Mac Studio
Mac Pro
Displays
Compare Mac
Switch from PC to Mac
Mac Support
macOS Sequoia
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
Continuity
iCloud+
Mac for Business
iPad
Explore All iPad
iPad Pro
iPad Air
iPad
iPad mini
Apple Pencil
Keyboards
Compare iPad
Why iPad
iPad Support
iPadOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iCloud+
iPhone
Explore All iPhone
iPhone 16 Pro
iPhone 16
iPhone 16e
iPhone 15
Compare iPhone
Switch from Android
iPhone Support
iOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iPhone Privacy
iCloud+
Watch
Explore All Apple Watch
Apple Watch Series 10
Apple Watch Ultra 2
Apple Watch SE
Apple Watch Nike
Compare Watch
Why Apple Watch
Apple Watch Support
watchOS 11
Apps by Apple
AirPods
Explore All AirPods
AirPods 4
AirPods Pro 2
AirPods Max
Compare AirPods
AirPods Support
Apple Music
TV & Home
Explore TV & Home
Apple TV 4K
Apple TV Support
Apple TV app
Apple TV+
Home app
Apple Music
AirPlay
Entertainment
Explore Entertainment
Apple One
Apple TV+
Apple Music
Apple Arcade
Apple Podcasts
Apple Books
App Store
Apple TV+ Support
Apple Music Support
Support
iPhone
Mac
iPad
Watch
AirPods
Music
TV
Explore Support
Community
Repair
Apple Account and Password
Billing & Subscriptions
Accessibility
Where to Buy
Authorized Resellers
Service & Support
Consulting
Explore All Ways to Buy
Privacy
Local Nav Open Menu
Local Nav Close Menu
Overview
Features
Control
Labels
Transparency Report
Privacy Policy
Privacy. That’s Apple.
Privacy.
That’s Apple.
Privacy is a fundamental human right. It’s also one of our core values. Which is why we design our products and services to protect it. That’s the kind of innovation we believe in.
Apple Intelligence.
Great powers come
with great privacy.
Apple Intelligence is the personal intelligence system that helps you write, express yourself, and get things done effortlessly. With groundbreaking privacy protections, it gives you peace of mind that no one else can access your data — not even Apple.
On-device
processing
allows Apple Intelligence to be aware of your data without collecting your data.
On-device processing
The cornerstone of Apple Intelligence is on‑device processing, which gives Apple Intelligence the ability to fulfill many of your requests without leaving your device.
Deeply integrated into your iPhone, iPad, and Mac
Powered by Apple silicon
Designed to protect your privacy at every step
Private Cloud Compute
extends the privacy of Apple devices for more complex requests.
Private Cloud Compute
Some requests require more computational power than what fits in your pocket. For these more complex requests, Apple Intelligence can draw on Private Cloud Compute and extend the privacy of your Apple devices to Apple silicon servers.
Your data is only used for your requests
Your data is never stored or made accessible to anyone
Independent experts can verify its privacy promise
Available now
*
Learn more about Apple Intelligence
Discover everyday privacy protections.
Locked and Hidden Apps.
Choose
what’s
visible.
Locked and Hidden Apps
Locked apps allow you to show your screen to someone while protecting sensitive areas of your phone. For additional privacy, you can hide a locked app. This removes the hidden app’s name and icon from the Home Screen and search results, and pauses its notifications. You can access locked or hidden apps with Face ID, Touch ID, or a passcode.
Private Browsing.
Powerfully
private.
Private Browsing
When you turn on Private Browsing, Safari won’t save the sites you visit, your searches, or any information from forms you fill out. Advanced tracking and fingerprinting protections help prevent websites from tracking or identifying your device. And your private browsing windows automatically lock when you’re not using them.
Passkeys.
Simple.
Secure.
So not a
password
.
Passkeys
A passkey eliminates the need for a password by using a unique digital key that only works from the site or app it was created for, so you don’t have to worry about website leaks or phishing. Passkeys are securely synced across Apple devices. Just use Touch ID or Face ID to authenticate and you’re done.
Lock Hidden Albums.
Keep Hidden
and Recently
Deleted
photos
private.
Lock Hidden Albums
Your Hidden and Recently Deleted albums in Photos are locked by default and can be unlocked using your device’s authentication method — Face ID, Touch ID, or your passcode.
Safety Check.
Take
control
in times of crisis.
Safety Check
Safety Check is a section in Settings that helps people in domestic or intimate partner violence situations quickly reset the access they’ve granted to others. It also helps you manage which people and apps you’ve given access to.
Learn more about personal safety with Apple devices
App Tracking Transparency.
Decide which
apps are
allowed to
track
track
track
track
you.
App Tracking Transparency
Make more informed choices about the apps you use and the permissions you grant them. Apps are required to ask your permission when they want to track you across apps and websites owned by other companies. And you can change your preference for any app or prevent apps from asking for permission entirely in Settings.
Mail Privacy Protection.
Read
Read
,
delete
,
and
reply
with peace
of mind.
Mail Privacy Protection
Mail Privacy Protection hides your IP address, so senders can’t link it to your other online activity or determine your location. And it prevents senders from seeing if and when you’ve opened their email.
Our apps mind their business. Not yours.
Safari throws trackers off your trail.
Safari
Some websites allow hundreds of different data collection companies to watch you, build a profile of you, and serve you ads as you browse the web. Intelligent Tracking Prevention in Safari uses on-device machine learning to help block those trackers. And you can get a snapshot of all the cross-site trackers Safari is blocking by visiting your Privacy Report in the Safari toolbar.
When you use Private Browsing, the details of your browsing aren’t saved, and the websites you visit aren’t shared with your other Apple devices. And starting with iOS 17, iPadOS 17, and macOS Sonoma, Private Browsing locks your private browsing windows when you’re not using them, completely blocks known trackers from loading on pages, and removes tracking added to URLs as you browse.
View all privacy features
Health keeps your records under wraps.
Health
From your heart rate to your menstrual cycle, apps and devices for your health can give you insight into some of your most personal details. With the Health app, you’re in charge of what information you’d like to include, what not to, and who has access to it.
When you do want to securely share your health data from the Health app with your doctors, they’ll see the data you shared in a dashboard in the provider’s health records system.
All of your data is encrypted and only accessible with your passcode, Touch ID, or Face ID. So however you use the Health app, you’re always in control of your data.
Maps makes your location history, history.
Maps
Where you go says a lot about you. Maps delivers a great experience without Apple knowing which stores, neighborhoods, or clinics you visit. And because Maps doesn’t include a sign-in, where you go isn’t associated with your Apple Account at all.
Personalized features, like locating your parked car, are created right on your device. Data used to improve navigation, such as routes and search terms, is not associated with your identity. Instead, that information is based on random identifiers that are constantly changing.
Photos lets you choose who has the full picture.
Photos
Your photo and video albums are full of precious moments, friends, and your favorite things. Apple devices are designed to give you control over those memories.
Photos is also designed so that the face recognition and scene and object detection — which power features like For You, Memories, Sharing Suggestions, and the People album — happen on device instead of in the cloud. In fact, the A13 Bionic and later chips perform over 100 billion operations per photo to recognize faces and places without ever leaving your device. And when apps request access to your photos, you can share just the images you want — not your entire library.
Messages are only seen by who you send them to.
Messages
From inside jokes to invitations, a lot of life happens in text and video chats. Every blue-bubble message, picture, Animoji, and video is encrypted while being sent between devices.
Smart suggestions in Messages, like pulling up photos to send based on who you’re messaging, are all done on your device.
App Store shows you what’s in store for your data.
App Store
Every one of the more than 1.8 million apps on the App Store is required to follow strict privacy guidelines and report how it uses your data. And every app is rigorously reviewed by a team of experts at Apple.
When you’re checking out an app, you’ll see its Privacy Nutrition Label to help you decide if it works for you. Apps you choose to download need your permission to access information like your photos or location — and you can always change your mind about what you share. iOS 14.5 and iPadOS 14.5 or later require developers to get your permission before tracking your activity across other companies’ apps and websites for ads or data brokers.
Get the latest on Privacy.
Your other browser may be watching you.
Safari actually protects your privacy.
Watch the film
Protect your data from malware.
Apple’s layers of security and App Store protections help shield you from malware.
View (PDF)
Take charge of how apps use your data.
Every day, people go about their lives unaware that their personal information is being harvested.
View (PDF)
Learn more about privacy at Apple.
Review privacy features
Control what you share
See how apps from Apple
handle your data
Our values lead the way.
Accessibility
Our built-in accessibility features are designed to work the way you do.
Learn more
Environment
We’re committed to bringing our net emissions to zero across our entire carbon footprint by 2030.
Learn more
Education
We empower students and educators to learn, create, and define their own success.
Learn more
Sub-policy 6
https://www.iubenda.com/privacy-policy/8179510/full-legal:
Owner and Data Controller
AVOXI, Inc.
300 Galleria Parkway, Suite 610
Atlanta, GA 30339  USA
Policy Effective Date: 25 MAY 2018
Owner contact email:
privacy@avoxi.com
Types of Data collected
Among the types of Personal Data that AVOXI, Inc. Websites, Apps, and Services collects, by itself or through third parties, there are:
      Cookies; Usage Data; first name; last name; phone number; company name; address; state; email address; city; various types of Data; geographic position; workplace; name; Data communicated while using the service; calendar information; country; ZIP/Postal code; purchase history; device information; unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example).
Complete details on each type of Personal Data collected are provided in the dedicated sections of this privacy policy or by specific explanation texts displayed prior to the Data collection.
Personal Data may be freely provided by the User, or, in case of Usage Data, collected automatically when using AVOXI, Inc. Websites, Apps, and Services.
Unless specified otherwise, all Data requested by AVOXI, Inc. Websites, Apps, and Services is mandatory and failure to provide this Data may make it impossible for AVOXI, Inc. Websites, Apps, and Services to provide its services. In cases where AVOXI, Inc. Websites, Apps, and Services specifically states that some Data is not mandatory, Users are free not to communicate this Data without consequences to the availability or the functioning of the Service.
Users who are uncertain about which Personal Data is mandatory are welcome to contact the Owner.
Any use of Cookies – or of other tracking tools — by AVOXI, Inc. Websites, Apps, and Services or by the owners of third-party services used by AVOXI, Inc. Websites, Apps, and Services serves the purpose of providing the Service required by the User, in addition to any other purposes described in the present document and in the Cookie Policy.
Users are responsible for any third-party Personal Data obtained, published or shared through AVOXI, Inc. Websites, Apps, and Services.
Mode and place of processing the Data
Methods of processing
The Owner takes appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, or unauthorized destruction of the Data.
The Data processing is carried out using computers and/or IT enabled tools, following organizational procedures and modes strictly related to the purposes indicated. In addition to the Owner, in some cases, the Data may be accessible to certain types of persons in charge, involved with the operation of AVOXI, Inc. Websites, Apps, and Services (administration, sales, marketing, legal, system administration) or external parties (such as third-party technical service providers, mail carriers, hosting providers, IT companies, communications agencies) appointed, if necessary, as Data Processors by the Owner. The updated list of these parties may be requested from the Owner at any time.
Place
The Data is processed at the Owner's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located.
Depending on the User's location, data transfers may involve transferring the User's Data to a country other than their own. To find out more about the place of processing of such transferred Data, Users can check the section containing details about the processing of Personal Data.
Retention time
Unless specified otherwise in this document, Personal Data shall be processed and stored for as long as required by the purpose they have been collected for and may be retained for longer due to applicable legal obligation or based on the Users’ consent.
The purposes of processing
The Data concerning the User is collected to allow the Owner to provide its Service, comply with its legal obligations, respond to enforcement requests, protect its rights and interests (or those of its Users or third parties), detect any malicious or fraudulent activity, as well as the following:
        Remarketing and behavioral targeting, Backup saving and management, Contacting the User, Displaying content from external platforms, Tag Management, User database management, Interaction with external social networks and platforms, Platform services and hosting, Analytics, Handling payments, Advertising, Data transfer outside the EU, Location-based interactions, Hosting and backend infrastructure, Registration and authentication, Marketing, Access to third-party accounts, Managing landing and invitation pages, Content performance and features testing (A/B testing), Connecting Data, Managing contacts and sending messages, Heat mapping and session recording, Handling activities related to productivity, Handling finance and accounting, Collection of privacy-related preferences, Interaction with live chat platforms, Selling goods and services online, Data transfer outside of the UK and Information collection.
For specific information about the Personal Data used for each purpose, the User may refer to the section “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data”.
Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data
Personal Data is collected for the following purposes and using the following services:
Access to third-party accounts
This type of service allows AVOXI, Inc. Websites, Apps, and Services to access Data from your account on a third-party service and perform actions with it.
These services are not activated automatically, but require explicit authorization by the User.
ZipWhip SMS
Privacy Policy
Revised and Effective: December 9, 2017
Version 2.3
Zipwhip, Inc. (“Company“) appreciates your trust and is committed to protecting your privacy.  We have prepared this Privacy Policy to describe to you what data we collect, why we do so, and what we do with it. It applies to the personal information we collect from users of our website located at https://www.zipwhip.com(the “Site“), our Application Program Interfaces (collectively the “API“), our downloadable software applications (to include mobile applications) (each, an “Application“), and online services available therein (the “Services“).
Questions; Contacting Company; Reporting Violations. If you have any questions or concerns or complaints about our Privacy Policy or our data collection or processing practices, or if you want to report any security violations to us, please contact us at  the following address or phone number:
Zipwhip, Inc.
1501 1st Ave South
Suite 500
Seattle, WA 98134
1-855-ZIPWHIP (947-9447)
Types of Data We Collect.
(a) We collect personal information from users or prospective customers during their use of the website, use of our products, or communication with our employees. This includes: (1) basic data passed during text message transmission (including, but not limited to, message content, photos, files, and message count/volume), (2) information entered in website forms or when creating or using accounts, (3) mobile device information including mobile devise identification, service provider, and location, (4) payment information, and (5) information or feedback provided through e-mail, voice, letter, or online posting. We also collect data (including phone number, transmission, and message data) from general text messaging users who send messages to users of Company Services.
(b)  We also collect information using technology. We gather (1) clicking, browsing, and use data/patterns (including, but not limited to, information gathered through “cookies” and “pixel tags” as well as information about your IP address, browser, internet service provider, pages, operating system, date/time stamps, and clickstream data), (2) information about your mobile device, use of our app, or app performance and (3) information (via “pixel tags”) about how emails we have sent have been accessed. Third-party advertisers or data analytics providers also gather similar information and/or match this information to that from other sources.
Use of Your Information
(a)  General Use.  In general, personal information you submit to us is used to provide the Services, for our direct marketing purposes, to respond to requests that you make, or to aid us in serving you better. We will also use the information to contact you via e-mail or phone call for (1) phone number verification, (2) marketing/promotional purposes, (3) enrollment/activation activities, (5) response to your request/inquiry, (6) encouraging or enabling your use of the Services including, but not limited to, specific features, (7) billing inquiries, (8) to address possible inappropriate use, or at our Company”s discretion, (9) to provide users material updates related to the Services.
(b) User Feedback.  If you provide us with feedback, we may post it on the Site or our blog from time to time.  (We love to share positive customer experiences!) If we desire to post your full first and full last name along with the feedback, we will ensure that we obtain your consent prior to posting.
(c)  Creation of Anonymous Data.  We may create anonymous data records from personal information by excluding information that makes the data personally identifiable to you or your business.  We reserve the right to use anonymous data for any purpose and disclose anonymous data to third parties in our sole discretion.
Disclosure of Your Personal Information. We disclose your personal information as described below and as described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy.
(a)  Third Parties Designated by You.  When you use the Services, the personal information you provide will be shared with the third parties that You designate to receive it (for example, the person you are texting).
(b)  Third Party Service Providers.  We may share your personal information with third party service providers:  (1) to provide you with the Services that we offer you through our Site, (2) to enable message transmission, (3) to conduct quality assurance testing or audits, (4) for our own marketing purposes, (5) to facilitate enrollment and creation of accounts, (6) to provide technical support, (7) to facilitate data storage, (8) for billing, (9) to manage sales accounts, and/or (10) to provide other services to our Company.  These third-party service providers are required to not use your personal information other than to provide the services requested by our Company.
(c)   Public Profile.  Profile information, such as your profile photo, name, and telephone number, may be shared between users of Zipwhip Services when communicating via text-enabled landlines.
(d)  Corporate Restructuring.  We may share some or all of your personal information in connection with or during negotiation of any merger or change in ownership of all or a portion of our business or assets.
(e) Marketing.  Personal information will not be used for third party marketing purposes with the following exceptions:  (1) Third party analytics companies or advertisers on our website may collect and use information via their own technical tools such as cookies. This policy does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, cookies used by analytics companies or in third party ads. We encourage you to check the privacy policies of advertisers and/or ad services to learn about their use of cookies and other technologies. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here: http://www.networkadvertising.org. And, (2) third parties may track and record user clicking/browsing data as related to retargeting display adds.
(f)  Other Disclosures.  Regardless of any choices you make regarding your personal information (as described below), our Company may disclose your personal information if it believes in good faith that such disclosure is necessary (i) in connection with any legal investigation; (ii) to comply with relevant laws or to respond to subpoenas or warrants served on Company; (iii) to protect or defend the rights or property of Company or users of the Application or Services; and/or (iv) to investigate or assist in preventing any violation or potential violation of the law, this Privacy Policy, or our Terms of Use.
Your Choices Regarding Your Information. You have several choices regarding use of information on our Services:
(a)  Email Communications.  You may indicate a preference to stop receiving further marketing e-mail from us and may “opt-out” by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the e-mail you receive or by contacting us directly (please see contact information below). Despite your indicated e-mail preferences, we may send you service related communications.
(b)  Changing Your Personal Information.  You may change certain elements of personal information in your Account by logging into the Site. You may requested deletion of your personal information by us, and at our discretion, we may use commercially reasonable efforts to honor your request; but, please note that we may be required to keep such information and not delete it (or to keep this information for a certain time, in which case we will comply with your deletion request only after we have fulfilled such requirements).  When we delete any information, it will be deleted from the active database, but may remain in our archives.  We may also retain your information for fraud prevention or similar purposes.
Security of Your Personal information. Your security matters to us. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures designed to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure.
Information from Children. From time to time as part of a special Zipwhip promotion, such as “texting to Santa,” we may request information from children under 13 years of age. We will take all necessary steps to protect the privacy and safety of any child participating in these activities in accordance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA).
Obtaining Verifiable Parental Consent. We will use reasonable effort to obtain verifiable parental consent prior to the collection and use of personally identifiable information from children under 13. The method of parental consent verification may vary according to the event in which the child wishes to participate. Means of obtaining such consent may include, but are not limited to, offline consent such as printing and submitting a permission form by mail or fax or online consent that contains information that enables Zipwhip to verify the identity of the parent.
Parental Review. Zipwhip will allow parents to review any personal information collected from their children, based on verifying the identity of the consenting parent. Parents may revoke their consent and delete information collected from their children at their discretion. In such event, Zipwhip will then stop collecting, using, or disclosing information from that child, and will end that child’s participation in that event.
When Parental Consent is not Required. We do not require parental consent in order to collect and use information texted to Zipwhip to:
Respond more than once directly to a specific request from a child and not used to re-contact the child beyond the scope of the child’s request (e.g. a response to a child’s text to Santa);
Request the name or online contact information of a parent for the sole purpose of obtaining a verifiable parental consent or providing parental notification; or
Respond directly to a child’s request on a one-time basis to a specific request where the information is not used for purposes other than the event (e.g. Santa’s response to a child’s text request).
Texts received from children under the age of 13 will not be used for any purpose unrelated to a particular event; each will only be stored long enough to complete the event and will be promptly deleted thereafter from Zipwhip databases.
Changes to This Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy is subject to occasional revision. When changes are made, the Company will make a new copy of the Privacy Policy available at the Site.  Any changes to this Privacy Policy will be effective upon thirty (30) calendar days following our posting of the changes on our Site.  These changes will be effective immediately for new users of our Service.  If you do not wish to permit changes in our use of your personal information, you must notify us prior to the effective date of the changes that you wish to deactivate your Account with us.  Continued use of our Site, Application or Service, following notice of such changes shall indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes.
This processing constitutes:
a Sale in California
a Sharing in California
Advertising
This type of service allows User Data to be utilized for advertising communication purposes. These communications are displayed in the form of banners and other advertisements on AVOXI, Inc. Websites, Apps, and Services, possibly based on User interests.
This does not mean that all Personal Data are used for this purpose. Information and conditions of use are shown below.
Some of the services listed below may use Trackers for identifying Users, behavioral retargeting i.e. displaying ads tailored to the User’s interests and behavior, or to measure ads performance. For more information, please check the privacy policies of the relevant services.
Services of this kind usually offer the possibility to opt out of such tracking. In addition to any opt-out feature offered by any of the services below, Users may learn more on how to generally opt out of interest-based advertising within the dedicated section "How to opt-out of interest-based advertising" in this document.
Google Ads conversion tracking (Google LLC)
Google Ads conversion tracking is an analytics service provided by Google LLC that connects data from the Google Ads advertising network with actions performed on AVOXI, Inc. Websites, Apps, and Services.
Personal Data processed: Trackers; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Category of Personal Information collected according to the CCPA: internet or other electronic network activity information.
This processing constitutes:
a Sale in California
LinkedIn Ads (LinkedIn Corporation)
LinkedIn Ads is an advertising service provided by LinkedIn Corporation.
Personal Data processed: Tracker; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
–
Opt out
.
Category of Personal Information collected according to the CCPA: internet or other electronic network activity information.
This processing constitutes:
a Sale in California
a Sharing in California
Meta ads conversion tracking (Meta pixel) (Meta Platforms, Inc.)
Meta ads conversion tracking (Meta pixel) is an analytics service provided by Meta Platforms, Inc. that connects data from the Meta Audience Network with actions performed on AVOXI, Inc. Websites, Apps, and Services. The Meta pixel tracks conversions that can be attributed to ads on Facebook, Instagram and Meta Audience Network.
Personal Data processed: Trackers; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
–
Opt out
.
Category of Personal Information collected according to the CCPA: internet or other electronic network activity information.
This processing constitutes:
a Sale in California
X Ads conversion tracking (X Corp.)
X Ads conversion tracking is an analytics service provided by X Corp. that connects data from the X advertising network with actions performed on AVOXI, Inc. Websites, Apps, and Services.
Personal Data processed: Trackers; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Category of Personal Information collected according to the CCPA: internet or other electronic network activity information.
This processing constitutes:
a Sale in California
Microsoft Advertising (Microsoft Corporation)
Microsoft Advertising is an advertising service provided by Microsoft Corporation.
Personal Data processed: Trackers; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
–
Opt Out
.
Category of Personal Information collected according to the CCPA: internet or other electronic network activity information.
This processing constitutes:
a Sale in California
a Sharing in California
NextRoll (NextRoll, Inc.)
NextRoll is an advertising service provided by NextRoll, Inc. NextRoll, Inc. performs a hash of the User’s email address in order to serve targeted advertising to other devices connected to them (i.e. cross-device tracking).
Personal Data processed: device information; purchase history; Trackers; unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example); Usage Data.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
–
Opt Out
.
Category of Personal Information collected according to the CCPA: identifiers; commercial information; internet or other electronic network activity information.
This processing constitutes:
a Sale in the United States
a Sharing in California
Targeted Advertising in Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, Texas, Oregon, Nevada, Delaware, Iowa, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Nebraska and Montana
Analytics
The services contained in this section enable the Owner to monitor and analyze web traffic and can be used to keep track of User behavior.
Analytics collected directly (AVOXI, Inc. Websites, Apps, and Services)
AVOXI, Inc. Websites, Apps, and Services uses an internal analytics system that does not involve third parties.
Personal Data processed: Cookies; Usage Data.
Category of Personal Information collected according to the CCPA: internet or other electronic network activity information.
This processing constitutes:
Google Analytics (Universal Analytics) (Google Inc.)
Google Analytics (Universal Analytics) is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of AVOXI, Inc. Websites, Apps, and Services, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services.
Google may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
In order to understand Google's use of Data, consult
Google's partner policy
.
Personal Data processed: Cookies; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
–
Opt Out
.
Category of Personal Information collected according to the CCPA: internet or other electronic network activity information.
This processing constitutes:
a Sale in the United States
Wordpress Stats (Automattic Inc.)
Wordpress Stats is an analytics service provided by Automattic Inc.
Personal Data processed: Cookies; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Category of Personal Information collected according to the CCPA: internet or other electronic network activity information.
This processing constitutes:
a Sale in California
Fullstory
Anonymous Data – Analytics
Google Analytics: Company uses Google Analytics as a web analytics tool to track user behavior on its marketing Site. Google Analytics collects anonymized information in accordance with its Privacy Policy. However, if you do not want Google Analytics to track your behavior on the Platform, you may opt-out by installing Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on.
FullStory: Company utilizes FullStory for tracking user-driven events in the web application. FullStory collects information in accordance with its FullStory Privacy Policy. You can opt-out of FullStory automatic retention of data collected by clicking here: FullStory Opt Out. If you get a new computer, install a new browser, erase or otherwise alter your browser's cookie file (including upgrading certain browsers) you may also clear the FullStory opt-out cookie.
https://www.fullstory.com/optout/
This processing constitutes:
a Sale in California
a Sharing in California
FullStory (FullStory, Inc.)
FullStory is an analytics and heat mapping service provided by FullStory, Inc.
FullStory maps how frequently Users interact with the different areas of AVOXI, Inc. Websites, Apps, and Services, allowing the Owner to draw conclusions about their interests and preferences. FullStory further allows for the recording of mapping sessions making them available for later visual playback.
Personal Data processed: Tracker; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
–
Opt out
.
Category of Personal Information collected according to the CCPA: internet or other electronic network activity information.
This processing constitutes:
a Sale in California
HubSpot Analytics (HubSpot, Inc.)
HubSpot Analytics is an analytics service provided by HubSpot, Inc.
Personal Data processed: Trackers; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
–
Opt Out
.
Category of Personal Information collected according to the CCPA: internet or other electronic network activity information.
This processing constitutes:
a Sale in California
Backup saving and management
This type of service allows the Owner to save and manage backups of AVOXI, Inc. Websites, Apps, and Services on external servers managed by the service provider itself. The backups may include the source code and content as well as the data that the User provides to AVOXI, Inc. Websites, Apps, and Services.
Backup on Google Drive (Google Inc.)
Google Drive is a service to save and manage backups provided by Google Inc.
Personal Data processed: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing:  US –
Privacy Policy
.
Category of Personal Information collected according to the CCPA: internet or other electronic network activity information.
This processing constitutes:
Collection of privacy-related preferences
This type of service allows AVOXI, Inc. Websites, Apps, and Services to collect and store Users’ preferences related to the collection, use, and processing of their personal information, as requested by the applicable privacy legislation.
iubenda Cookie Solution (iubenda srl)
The iubenda Cookie Solution allows the Owner to collect and store Users’ preferences related to the processing of personal information, and in particular to the use of Cookies and other Trackers on AVOXI, Inc. Websites, Apps, and Services.
Personal Data processed: Tracker.
Place of processing:  Italy –
Privacy Policy
.
Category of Personal Information collected according to the CCPA: internet or other electronic network activity information.
This processing constitutes:
iubenda Consent Solution (iubenda srl)
The iubenda Consent Solution allows to store and retrieve records of Users’ consent to the processing of Personal Data, and information and preferences expressed in relation to the provided consent.
In order to do so, it makes use of a Tracker that temporarily stores pending information on the User’s device until it is processed by the API. The Tracker (a browser feature called localStorage) is at that point deleted.
Personal Data processed: Data communicated while using the service; Tracker.
Place of processing:  Italy –
Privacy Policy
.
Category of Personal Information collected according to the CCPA: internet or other electronic network activity information.
This processing constitutes:
“Do Not Sell My Personal Information” link
As a requirement under the consumer’s right to opt-out, below we provide an easily accessible, clear, and conspicuous “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” link.
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
When clicked, this link will display a dialog where you can confirm you're intending to opt-out of the sale of their personal information.
This processing constitutes:
a Sale in California
a Sharing in California
Connecting Data
This type of service allows the Owner to connect Data with third-party services disclosed within this privacy policy.
This results in Data flowing through these services, potentially causing the retention of this Data.
Zapier (Zapier, Inc.)
Zapier is a workflow automation service provided by Zapier, Inc. that automates the movement of Data between (third-party) services.
Personal Data processed: company name.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Category of Personal Information collected according to the CCPA: commercial information.
This processing constitutes:
a Sale in California
Contacting the User
Contact form (AVOXI, Inc. Websites, Apps, and Services)
By filling in the contact form with their Data, the User authorizes AVOXI, Inc. Websites, Apps, and Services to use these details to reply to requests for information, quotes or any other kind of request as indicated by the form’s header.
Personal Data processed: address; city; company name; email address; first name; last name; phone number; state.
Category of Personal Information collected according to the CCPA: identifiers; commercial information.
This processing constitutes:
Phone contact (AVOXI, Inc. Websites, Apps, and Services)
Users that provided their phone number might be contacted for commercial or promotional purposes related to AVOXI, Inc. Websites, Apps, and Services, as well as for fulfilling support requests.
Personal Data processed: phone number.
Category of Personal Information collected according to the CCPA: identifiers.
This processing constitutes:
FormSite
Formsite does not access, view, sell, share, rent, or trade any information collected by customer forms for any purposes aside from naturally occurring exposure as a result of customer support, fraud prevention, or other maintenance activities, or as may be required by law.
Privacy Statement | Formsite
https://www.formsite.com/privacy/#:~:text=required%20by%20law.-,Form%20visitors,may%20be%20required%20by%20law.
This processing constitutes:
a Sharing in California
Content performance and features testing (A/B testing)
The services contained in this section allow the Owner to track and analyze the User response concerning web traffic or behavior regarding changes to the structure, text or any other component of AVOXI, Inc. Websites, Apps, and Services.
Google Optimize  (Google LLC)
Google Optimize  is an A/B testing service provided by Google LLC ("Google").
Google may use Personal Data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
Personal Data processed: Cookies; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Category of Personal Information collected according to the CCPA: internet or other electronic network activity information.
This processing constitutes:
a Sale in California
Data transfer outside of the UK
The Owner is allowed to transfer Personal Data collected within the UK to third countries only subject to specific legal requirements (so-called "restricted transfers"). Restricted transfers may take place according to the conditions specified below.
Users can enquire with the Owner to learn which legal basis applies to which specific service.
Data Privacy Framework - UK
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, AVOXI, Inc. commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States, the European Union, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland (as applicable). If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution for more information or to file a complaint. The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over AVOXI’s compliance with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF).
Individual are advised that they may have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration for complaints regarding DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms. Please see the following for additional information: https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/framework-article/ANNEX-I-introduction
Individuals are further advised that in regard to onward transfers to third parties, AVOXI shall remain liable under the DPF Principles if its agent processes such personal information in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless the organization proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
Data transfer outside the EU
The Owner is allowed to transfer Personal Data collected within the EU to third countries (i.e. any country not part of the EU) only pursuant to a specific legal basis. Any such Data transfer is based on one of the legal bases described below.
Users can inquire with the Owner to learn which legal basis applies to which specific service.
Data transfer abroad based on standard contractual clauses (AVOXI, Inc. Websites, Apps, and Services)
If this is the legal basis, the transfer of Personal Data from the EU to third countries is carried out by the Owner according to “standard contractual clauses” provided by the European Commission.
This means that Data recipients have committed to process Personal Data in compliance with the data protection standards set forth by EU data protection legislation. For further information, Users are requested to contact the Owner through the contact details provided in the present document.
Personal Data processed: various types of Data.
Category of Personal Information collected according to the CCPA: internet or other electronic network activity information.
This processing constitutes:
Data Privacy Framework
AVOXI, Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.  AVOXI, Inc. has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.  AVOXI, Inc. has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
Data Privacy Framework / Alternative Dispute Resolution Provider / FTC / Binding Arbitration / Liability
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, AVOXI, Inc. commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States, the European Union, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland (as applicable). If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution for more information or to file a complaint. The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over AVOXI’s compliance with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF).
Individual are advised that they may have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration for complaints regarding DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms. Please see the following for additional information: https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/framework-article/ANNEX-I-introduction
Individuals are further advised that in regard to onward transfers to third parties, AVOXI shall remain liable under the DPF Principles if its agent processes such personal information in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless the organization proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
Displaying content from external platforms
This type of service allows you to view content hosted on external platforms directly from the pages of AVOXI, Inc. Websites, Apps, and Services and interact with them.
This type of service might still collect web traffic data for the pages where the service is installed, even when Users do not use it.
Google Programmable Search Engine (Google Inc.)
Google Programmable Search Engine is a search engine embedding service provided by Google LLC or by Google Ireland Limited, depending on how the Owner manages the Data processing, that allows AVOXI, Inc. Websites, Apps, and Services to incorporate content of this kind on its pages.
Personal Data processed: Cookies; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  US –
Privacy Policy
.
Category of Personal Information collected according to the CCPA: internet or other electronic network activity information.
This processing constitutes:
a Sale in California
Google Maps widget (Google Inc.)
Google Maps is a maps visualization service provided by Google Inc. that allows AVOXI, Inc. Websites, Apps, and Services to incorporate content of this kind on its pages.
Personal Data processed: Cookies; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Category of Personal Information collected according to the CCPA: internet or other electronic network activity information.
This processing constitutes:
a Sale in California
Google Fonts (Google Inc.)
Google Fonts is a typeface visualization service provided by Google Inc. that allows AVOXI, Inc. Websites, Apps, and Services to incorporate content of this kind on its pages.
Personal Data processed: Usage Data; various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Category of Personal Information collected according to the CCPA: internet or other electronic network activity information.
This processing constitutes:
a Sale in California
Instagram widget (Instagram, Inc.)
Instagram is an image visualization service provided by Instagram, Inc. that allows AVOXI, Inc. Websites, Apps, and Services to incorporate content of this kind on its pages.
Personal Data processed: Cookies; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Category of Personal Information collected according to the CCPA: internet or other electronic network activity information.
This processing constitutes:
a Sale in California
YouTube video widget (Google Inc.)
YouTube is a video content visualization service provided by Google Inc. that allows AVOXI, Inc. Websites, Apps, and Services to incorporate content of this kind on its pages.
Personal Data processed: Cookies; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Category of Personal Information collected according to the CCPA: internet or other electronic network activity information.
This processing constitutes:
a Sale in California
Wistia widget (Wistia, Inc.)
Wistia is a video content visualization service provided by Wistia, Inc. that allows AVOXI, Inc. Websites, Apps, and Services to incorporate content of this kind on its pages.
Personal Data processed: Cookies; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Category of Personal Information collected according to the CCPA: internet or other electronic network activity information.
This processing constitutes:
a Sale in California
Handling activities related to productivity
This type of service helps the Owner to manage tasks, collaboration and, in general, activities related to productivity. In using this type of service, Data of Users will be processed and may be retained, depending on the purpose of the activity in question.
These services may be integrated with a wide range of third-party services disclosed within this privacy policy to enable the Owner to import or export Data needed for the relative activity.
Asana (Asana, Inc.)
Asana is a project management service provided by Asana, Inc.
Personal Data processed: workplace.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Category of Personal Information collected according to the CCPA: employment related information.
This processing constitutes:
a Sale in California
Calendly (Calendly, LLC)
Calendly is a service provided by Calendly, LLC, that facilitates online scheduling of appointments.
Personal Data processed: calendar information; email address; name.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Category of Personal Information collected according to the CCPA: identifiers.
This processing constitutes:
a Sale in California
a Sharing in California
ZoomInfo (ZoomInfo Technologies LLC)
ZoomInfo is a User database management platform with integrated tools for sales, marketing, and recruitment. It is provided by ZoomInfo Technologies LLC.
Personal Data processed: company name; country; email address; first name; last name; phone number; physical address; ZIP/Postal code.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Category of Personal Information collected according to the CCPA: identifiers; commercial information.
This processing constitutes:
a Sale in California
a Sharing in California
Handling finance and accounting
PortaOne, Inc.
Personal Data collected
At least one employee's business contact information of each customer and possible various types of data as specified in the privacy policy of the service
Privacy Policy
PortaOne's service is a business support system (BSS) with convergent billing and an online charging system (OCS) for communication service providers (CSP).
This processing constitutes a sale based on the definition under the CCPA. In addition to the information in this clause, the User can find information regarding how to opt-out of the sale in the section detailing the rights of California consumers.
This processing constitutes:
a Sharing in California
Handling payments
Payment processing services enable AVOXI, Inc. Websites, Apps, and Services to process payments by credit card, bank transfer or other means. To ensure greater security, AVOXI, Inc. Websites, Apps, and Services shares only the information necessary to execute the transaction with the financial intermediaries handling the transaction.
Some of these services may also enable the sending of timed messages to the User, such as emails containing invoices or notifications concerning the payment.
Authorize.Net (Authorize.Net)
Authorize.Net is a payment service provided by Authorize.Net.
Personal Data processed: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Category of Personal Information collected according to the CCPA: internet or other electronic network activity information.
This processing constitutes:
PayPal (PayPal Inc.)
PayPal is a payment service provided by PayPal Inc., which allows Users to make online payments.
Personal Data processed: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing:  See the PayPal privacy policy –
Privacy Policy
.
Category of Personal Information collected according to the CCPA: internet or other electronic network activity information.
This processing constitutes:
a Sale in Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, Texas, Oregon, Nevada, Delaware, Iowa, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Nebraska and Montana
Heat mapping and session recording
Heat mapping services are used to display the areas of AVOXI, Inc. Websites, Apps, and Services that Users interact with most frequently. This shows where the points of interest are. These services make it possible to monitor and analyze web traffic and keep track of User behavior.
Some of these services may record sessions and make them available for later visual playback.
Crazy Egg (Crazyegg)
Crazy Egg is a heat mapping service provided by Crazy Egg, Inc.
Personal Data processed: Tracker; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Category of Personal Information collected according to the CCPA: internet or other electronic network activity information.
This processing constitutes:
a Sale in California
Hosting and backend infrastructure
This type of service has the purpose of hosting Data and files that enable AVOXI, Inc. Websites, Apps, and Services to run and be distributed as well as to provide a ready-made infrastructure to run specific features or parts of AVOXI, Inc. Websites, Apps, and Services.
Some of these services work through geographically distributed servers, making it difficult to determine the actual location where the Personal Data are stored.
Google Cloud Storage (Google LLC)
Google Cloud Storage is a hosting service provided by Google LLC.
Personal Data processed: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Category of Personal Information collected according to the CCPA: internet or other electronic network activity information.
This processing constitutes:
Google App Engine (Google LLC)
Google App Engine is a hosting service provided by Google LLC.
Personal Data processed: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing:  Germany –
Privacy Policy
.
Category of Personal Information collected according to the CCPA: internet or other electronic network activity information.
This processing constitutes:
a Sale in California
Quickbooks (Intuit Limited.)
Quickbooks is an invoicing and accounting management service provided by Intuit Limited. that enables and facilitates the management of quotes, invoices and other types of accounting documents. Personal Data are shared with Quickbooks for the purpose of creating electronic invoices upon the fulfillment of a payment by the User. Quickbooks may also be used as an inventory management service.
Personal Data processed: email address; name; phone number.
Place of processing:  United Kingdom –
Privacy Policy
.
Category of Personal Information collected according to the CCPA: identifiers.
This processing constitutes:
a Sale in California
Google Cloud Platform (GCP) (Google Inc.)
Google Cloud Platform (GCP) is a hosting and backend service provided by Google Inc.
Personal Data processed: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: United States - Privacy Policy
This processing constitutes:
a Sale in California
a Sharing in California
Rackspace Technology, Inc.
Rackspace is a hosting and backend service provided by Rackspace Technology, Inc.
Personal Data processed: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: Hong Kong
Categories of personal information collected according to the CCPA: identifiers
This processing constitutes:
a Sale in California
a Sharing in California
Quality Technology Services (QTS)
QTS Realty Trust, Inc. (QTS) is a provider of carrier-neutral data centers and provides colocation services. It is a Tier 4 datacenter.
Personal Data processed: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: United States - Privacy Policy
Category of personal information collected according to the CCPA: identifiers
This processing constitutes:
a Sale in California
a Sharing in California
Information collection
Alternative Dispute Resolution Provider
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, AVOXI, Inc. commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States, the European Union, the United Kingdom, and/or Switzerland (as applicable).  If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution for more information or to file a complaint.  The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you.
Interaction with external social networks and platforms
This type of service allows interaction with social networks or other external platforms directly from the pages of AVOXI, Inc. Websites, Apps, and Services.
The interaction and information obtained through AVOXI, Inc. Websites, Apps, and Services are always subject to the User’s privacy settings for each social network.
This type of service might still collect traffic data for the pages where the service is installed, even when Users do not use it.
It is recommended to log out from the respective services in order to make sure that the processed data on AVOXI, Inc. Websites, Apps, and Services isn’t being connected back to the User’s profile.
Twitter Tweet button and social widgets (X Corp.)
The Twitter Tweet button and social widgets are services allowing interaction with the Twitter social network provided by Twitter, Inc.
Personal Data processed: Cookies; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Category of Personal Information collected according to the CCPA: internet or other electronic network activity information.
This processing constitutes:
a Sale in California
Facebook Like button and social widgets (Facebook, Inc.)
The Facebook Like button and social widgets are services allowing interaction with the Facebook social network provided by Facebook, Inc.
Personal Data processed: Cookies; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Category of Personal Information collected according to the CCPA: internet or other electronic network activity information.
This processing constitutes:
a Sale in the United States
Google+ +1 button and social widgets (Google Inc.)
The Google+ +1 button and social widgets are services allowing interaction with the Google+ social network provided by Google Inc.
Personal Data processed: Cookies; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Category of Personal Information collected according to the CCPA: internet or other electronic network activity information.
This processing constitutes:
a Sale in the United States
LinkedIn button and social widgets (LinkedIn Corporation)
The LinkedIn button and social widgets are services allowing interaction with the LinkedIn social network provided by LinkedIn Corporation.
Personal Data processed: Cookies; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Category of Personal Information collected according to the CCPA: internet or other electronic network activity information.
This processing constitutes:
a Sale in California
YouTube button and social widgets (Google Inc.)
The YouTube button and social widgets are services allowing interaction with the YouTube social network provided by Google Inc.
Personal Data processed: Usage Data.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Category of Personal Information collected according to the CCPA: internet or other electronic network activity information.
This processing constitutes:
a Sale in California
Interaction with live chat platforms
This type of service allows Users to interact with third-party live chat platforms directly from the pages of AVOXI, Inc. Websites, Apps, and Services, in order to contact and be contacted by AVOXI, Inc. Websites, Apps, and Services‘s support service.
If one of these services is installed, it may collect browsing and Usage Data in the pages where it is installed, even if the Users do not actively use the service. Moreover, live chat conversations may be logged.
Snapengage Widget (TeamSupport, LLC.)
The Snapengage Widget is a service for interacting with the Snapengage live chat platform provided by TeamSupport, LLC.
Personal Data processed: Cookies; Usage Data.
Place of processing: US –
Privacy Policy.
Category of personal information collected according to CCPA: internet information.
This processing constitutes:
a Sale in California
a Sharing in California
Location-based interactions
Geolocation (AVOXI, Inc. Websites, Apps, and Services)
AVOXI, Inc. Websites, Apps, and Services may collect, use, and share User location Data in order to provide location-based services.
Most browsers and devices provide tools to opt out from this feature by default. If explicit authorization has been provided, the User’s location data may be tracked by AVOXI, Inc. Websites, Apps, and Services.
Personal Data processed: geographic position.
Category of Personal Information collected according to the CCPA: geolocation data.
This processing constitutes:
a Sale in Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, Texas, Oregon, Nevada, Delaware, Iowa, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Nebraska and Montana
a Sharing in California
Targeted Advertising in Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, Texas, Oregon, Nevada, Delaware, Iowa, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Nebraska and Montana
Managing contacts and sending messages
This type of service makes it possible to manage a database of email contacts, phone contacts or any other contact information to communicate with the User.
These services may also collect data concerning the date and time when the message was viewed by the User, as well as when the User interacted with it, such as by clicking on links included in the message.
Mailgun (Mailgun Technologies, Inc.)
Mailgun is an email address management and message sending service provided by Mailgun Technologies, Inc.
Personal Data processed: email address.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Category of Personal Information collected according to the CCPA: identifiers.
This processing constitutes:
a Sale in California
a Sharing in California
Appcues (Appcues, Inc.)
Appcues is a message sending service provided by Appcues, Inc.
Appcues may also be used to manage the creation, deployment, administration, distribution and analysis of online forms and surveys.
Personal Data processed: physical address.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Category of Personal Information collected according to the CCPA: identifiers.
This processing constitutes:
a Sale in California
a Sharing in California
HubSpot Email (HubSpot, Inc.)
HubSpot Email is an email address management and message sending service provided by HubSpot, Inc.
Personal Data processed: email address; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Category of Personal Information collected according to the CCPA: identifiers; internet or other electronic network activity information.
This processing constitutes:
a Sale in California
a Sharing in California
Retention
When you visit or log in to our website, cookies  and similar technologies may be used by our online data partners or vendors to associate these activities with other personal information they or others have about you, including by association with your email or home address.  We (or service providers on our behalf) may then send communications and marketing to these email or home addresses.  You may opt out of receiving this advertising by visiting https://app.retention.com/optout
Managing landing and invitation pages
This type of service helps with building and managing landing and invitation pages, i.e., pages for presenting a product or service, where you may add your contact information such as an email address.
Managing these pages means that these services will handle the Personal Data collected through the pages, including Usage Data.
Unbounce (Unbounce Marketing Solutions Inc.)
Unbounce is a landing page management service provided by Unbounce Marketing Solutions Inc., that allows AVOXI, Inc. Websites, Apps, and Services to collect the email addresses of Users interested in its service.
Unbounce allows the Owner to track and analyze the User response concerning web traffic or behavior regarding changes to the structure, text or any other component of the created landing pages.
Personal Data processed: Cookies; email address; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  Canada –
Privacy Policy
.
Category of Personal Information collected according to the CCPA: identifiers; internet or other electronic network activity information.
This processing constitutes:
a Sale in California
Marketing
Consent to Receive Email Messages
You consent to receive e-mail messages that are of promotional nature from AVOXI to market, promote, and drive engagement of our products and services. We use data about you to send promotional communications that may be of specific interest to you. Based on the information we collect about you, we may decide whether and how to promote certain of our products or services to you over others. These communications are to drive your engagement and maximize the value of our services to you. To perform the above functions and others described in this Privacy Policy, we may match information collected from you, including personal data and usage information, and use such information in communications. You can opt out of promotional communications at any time by clicking the unsubscribe button.
This processing constitutes:
a Sale in California
a Sharing in California
Clearbit
Clearbit is a B2B marketing data engine that helps businesses sell to other businesses. They enable them to better understand the businesses they sell to, identify future prospects, and personalize their marketing and sales interactions. Our proprietary indexing systems ("Clearbit Indexers") collect information from a variety of sources in order to compile "Attribute Data" about corporations, non-profits, and similar entities ("Companies") and the professionals that work for them ("Professionals"). A complete list of Attribute Data we make available to users of the Site and Services (defined below) can be found at www.clearbit.com/attributes. Learn more here https://clearbit.com/privacy
This processing constitutes:
a Sale in California
a Sharing in California
Platform services and hosting
These services have the purpose of hosting and running key components of AVOXI, Inc. Websites, Apps, and Services, therefore allowing the provision of AVOXI, Inc. Websites, Apps, and Services from within a unified platform. Such platforms provide a wide range of tools to the Owner  –  e.g. analytics, user registration, commenting, database management, e-commerce, payment processing – that imply the collection and handling of Personal Data.
Some of these services work through geographically distributed servers, making it difficult to determine the actual location where the Personal Data are stored.
WordPress.com (Automattic Inc.)
WordPress.com is a platform provided by Automattic Inc. that allows the Owner to build, run and host AVOXI, Inc. Websites, Apps, and Services.
Personal Data processed: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing:  USA –
Privacy Policy
.
Category of Personal Information collected according to the CCPA: internet or other electronic network activity information.
This processing constitutes:
a Sale in California
Apple App Store (Apple Inc.)
AVOXI, Inc. Websites, Apps, and Services is distributed on Apple's App Store, a platform for the distribution of mobile apps, provided by Apple Inc.
By virtue of being distributed via this app store, Apple collects basic analytics and provides reporting features that enables the Owner to view usage analytics data and measure the performance of AVOXI, Inc. Websites, Apps, and Services. Much of this information is processed on an opt-in basis.
Users may opt-out of this analytics feature directly through their device settings. More information on how to manage analysis settings can be found on
this page
.
Personal Data processed: Usage Data.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Category of Personal Information collected according to the CCPA: internet or other electronic network activity information.
This processing constitutes:
Registration and authentication
By registering or authenticating, Users allow AVOXI, Inc. Websites, Apps, and Services to identify them and give them access to dedicated services.
Depending on what is described below, third parties may provide registration and authentication services. In this case, AVOXI, Inc. Websites, Apps, and Services will be able to access some Data, stored by these third-party services, for registration or identification purposes.
Google OAuth (Google Inc.)
Google OAuth is a registration and authentication service provided by Google Inc. and is connected to the Google network.
Personal Data processed: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Category of Personal Information collected according to the CCPA: internet or other electronic network activity information.
This processing constitutes:
a Sale in the United States
SIPPIO Corp, Inc.
SIPPIO allows carriers to bring voice calling into ZOOM and Microsoft Teams.
Personal Data processed: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service, ie Name, business email address, business telephone number.
Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy.
Remarketing and behavioral targeting
This type of service allows AVOXI, Inc. Websites, Apps, and Services and its partners to inform, optimize and serve advertising based on past use of AVOXI, Inc. Websites, Apps, and Services by the User.
This activity is facilitated by tracking Usage Data and by using Trackers to collect information which is then transferred to the partners that manage the remarketing and behavioral targeting activity.
Some services offer a remarketing option based on email address lists.
In addition to any opt-out feature provided by any of the services below, Users may opt out by visiting the
Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page
.
Users may also opt-out of certain advertising features through applicable device settings, such as the device advertising settings for mobile phones or ads settings in general
.
Google Ads Remarketing (Google Inc.)
Google Ads Remarketing is a remarketing and behavioral targeting service provided by Google LLC or by Google Ireland Limited, depending on how the Owner manages the Data processing, that connects the activity of AVOXI, Inc. Websites, Apps, and Services with the Google Ads advertising network and the DoubleClick Cookie.
Users can opt out of Google's use of cookies for ads personalization by visiting Google's
Ads Settings
.
Personal Data processed: Cookies; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  US –
Privacy Policy
–
Opt Out
.
Category of Personal Information collected according to the CCPA: internet or other electronic network activity information.
This processing constitutes:
a Sale in California
a Sharing in California
Google Ad Manager Audience Extension (Google LLC)
Google Ad Manager Audience Extension is a remarketing and behavioral targeting service provided by Google LLC that tracks the visitors of AVOXI, Inc. Websites, Apps, and Services and allows selected advertising partners to display targeted ads across the web to them.
Personal Data processed: Tracker; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
–
Opt Out
.
Category of Personal Information collected according to the CCPA: internet or other electronic network activity information.
This processing constitutes:
a Sale in California
a Sharing in California
Selling goods and services online
This type of service helps the Owner to sell goods, provide services or monetize online content. To this end, the services listed below may for instance allow the Owner to process payments, set up subscription models, track orders, and manage deliveries.
Salesloft, Inc.
Salesloft is a B2B sales engagement platform that helps sellers and sales teams drive more revenue. Salesloft is presented as a place for sellers to execute all of their digital selling tasks, communicate with buyers, understand what to do next, and get coaching and insights.
This processing constitutes:
a Sale in California
a Sharing in California
Tag Management
This type of service helps the Owner to manage the tags or scripts needed on AVOXI, Inc. Websites, Apps, and Services in a centralized fashion.
This results in the Users' Data flowing through these services, potentially resulting in the retention of this Data.
Google Tag Manager (Google LLC)
Google Tag Manager is a tag management service provided by Google LLC or by Google Ireland Limited, depending on how the Owner manages the Data processing.
Personal Data processed: Usage Data.
Place of processing:  US –
Privacy Policy
.
Category of Personal Information collected according to the CCPA: internet or other electronic network activity information.
This processing constitutes:
a Sale in California
User database management
This type of service allows the Owner to build user profiles by starting from an email address, a personal name, or other information that the User provides to AVOXI, Inc. Websites, Apps, and Services, as well as to track User activities through analytics features. This Personal Data may also be matched with publicly available information about the User (such as social networks' profiles) and used to build private profiles that the Owner can display and use for improving AVOXI, Inc. Websites, Apps, and Services.
Some of these services may also enable the sending of timed messages to the User, such as emails based on specific actions performed on AVOXI, Inc. Websites, Apps, and Services.
Salesforce Sales Cloud (salesforce.com, inc.)
Salesforce Sales Cloud is a User database management service provided by salesforce.com, inc.
Personal Data processed: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing:  US –
Privacy Policy
.
Category of Personal Information collected according to the CCPA: internet or other electronic network activity information.
This processing constitutes:
a Sale in California
Pardot (Salesforce.com, inc.)
Pardot is a User database management service provided by Salesforce.com, inc.
Personal Data processed: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Category of Personal Information collected according to the CCPA: internet or other electronic network activity information.
This processing constitutes:
a Sale in California
HubSpot Lead Management (HubSpot, Inc.)
HubSpot Lead Management is a User database management service provided by HubSpot, Inc.
Personal Data processed: city; company name; email address; first name; last name; phone number; purchase history; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Category of Personal Information collected according to the CCPA: identifiers; commercial information; internet or other electronic network activity information.
This processing constitutes:
a Sale in California
Information on opting out of interest-based advertising
In addition to any opt-out feature provided by
  any of the services listed in this document,  Users may learn more on
  how to generally opt out of interest-based advertising within the
  dedicated section of the Cookie Policy.
Further information about the processing of Personal Data
DocuSign
Provider
DocuSign, Inc.
Purpose
Handles documents (contracts) for review and signature
Personal Data collected
Various types of data as specified in the privacy policy of the service
Privacy Policy
DocuSign is service used to process and store document information on behalf of its clients to allow its clients' customer (or the customer’s Authorized Users) to review and sign such documents (contracts).
This processing constitutes a sale based on the definition under the CCPA. In addition to the information in this clause, the User can find information regarding how to opt out of the sale in the section detailing the rights of Californian consumers.
Call Recording and Monitoring
Purpose
Call recording and monitoring allow service improvement which AVOXI provides to ensure call quality, to manage services and user experience, and to confirm compliance to policies and procedures.
Personal Data collected
Various types of data may be collected such as IP address, name, location, account details, and phone number.
Privacy Policy
AVOXI has a legitimate reason to process the personal data collected to enable our ability to provide services, administer customer accounts, and operate its business.
This processing constitutes a sale based on the definition under the CCPA. In addition to the information in this clause, the User can find information regarding how to opt out of the sale in the section detailing the rights of Californian consumers.
Protection of Personal Information Act 4 of 2013 (“POPIA”)
This Notice explains how we obtain, use and disclose your personal information, in accordance with the requirements of the Protection of Personal Information Act 4 of 2013 (“POPIA”).
At AVOXI  (and including this website, POPIAct-Compliance) we are committed to protecting your privacy and ensuring that your personal information is collected and used properly, lawfully, and transparently.
The information we collect
Among the types of Personal Data that AVOXI Websites, Apps, and Services collects, by itself or through third parties, there are Cookies; Usage Data; first name; last name; phone number; company name; address; state; email address; city; various types of Data; geographic position.
Complete details on each type of Personal Data collected are provided in the dedicated sections of this privacy policy or by specific explanation texts displayed prior to the Data collection.
Personal Data may be freely provided by the User, or, in case of Usage Data, collected automatically when using AVOXI Websites, Apps, and Services.
Unless specified otherwise, all Data requested by AVOXI. Websites, Apps, and Services are mandatory and failure to provide this Data may make it impossible for AVOXI Websites, Apps, and Services to provide its services. In cases where AVOXI Websites, Apps, and Services specifically state that some Data is not mandatory, Users are free not to communicate this Data without consequences to the availability or the functioning of the Service.
Users who are uncertain about which Personal Data is mandatory are welcome to contact the Owner.
Any use of Cookies – or of other tracking tools – by AVOXI Websites, Apps, and Services or by the owners of third-party services used by AVOXI Websites, Apps, and Services serves the purpose of providing the Service required by the User, in addition to any other purposes described in the present document and in the Cookie Policy, if available.
Users are responsible for any third-party Personal Data obtained, published or shared through AVOXI Websites, Apps, and Services and confirm that they have the third party's consent to provide the Data to the Owner.
How we use your information
We will use your personal information only for the purposes for which it was collected and agreed with you in compliance with the provisions of POPIA.  In addition, Personal Data shall be processed and stored for as long as required by the purpose they have been collected for. AVOXI does not, except where otherwise permitted by law, collect, use or disclose your Personal Information without your consent.
Therefore:
Personal Data collected for purposes related to the performance of a contract between the Owner and the User shall be retained until such contract has been fully performed.
Personal Data collected for the purposes of the Owner’s legitimate interests shall be retained as long as needed to fulfill such purposes. Users may find specific information regarding the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner within the relevant sections of this document or by contacting the Owner.
The Owner may be allowed to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever the User has given consent to such processing, as long as such consent is not withdrawn. Furthermore, the Owner may be obliged to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever required to do so for the performance of a legal obligation or upon order of an authority.
Once the retention period expires, Personal Data shall be deleted. Therefore, the right of access, the right to erasure, the right to rectification, and the right to data portability cannot be enforced after the expiration of the retention period.
Disclosure of information
We may disclose your personal information to our service providers who are involved in the delivery of products or services to you. We have agreements in place to ensure that they comply with the privacy requirements as required by the Protection of Personal Information Act.
We may also disclose your information:
Where we have a duty or a right to disclose in terms of law or industry codes;
Where we believe it is necessary to protect our rights.
In the event that AVOXI sends Personal Information outside of South Africa (including if such information is hosted offshore), AVOXI will ensure that it takes all reasonable steps to ensure that it complies with all applicable laws in this regard, including POPIA.
Information Security
We are legally obliged to provide adequate protection for the personal information we hold and to stop unauthorized access and use of personal information. We will, on an ongoing basis, continue to review our security controls and related processes to ensure that your personal information remains secure.
When we contract with third parties, we impose appropriate security, privacy, and confidentiality obligations on them to ensure that personal information that we remain responsible for, is kept secure.
We will ensure that anyone to whom we pass your personal information agrees to treat your information with the same level of protection as we are obliged to.
Definition of personal information
According to the Act ‘‘personal information’’ means information relating to an identifiable, living, natural person, and where it is applicable, an identifiable, existing juristic person.  Further to the POPI Act, AVOXI may ask you to provide Us with information:
Email address
First and last name
Phone number
Business physical or postal
Company Name
Company Registration Number
Vat Number
Tracking Technologies and Cookies
AVOXI Websites, Apps, and Services use Trackers managed directly by the Owner (so-called “first-party” Trackers) and Trackers that enable services provided by a third-party (so-called “third-party” Trackers). Unless otherwise specified within this document, third-party providers may access the Trackers managed by them.
The validity and expiration periods of Cookies and other similar Trackers may vary depending on the lifetime set by the Owner or the relevant provider. Some of them expire upon termination of the User’s browsing session.
In addition to what’s specified in the descriptions within each of the categories below, Users may find more precise and updated information regarding lifetime specification as well as any other relevant information – such as the presence of other Trackers - in the linked privacy policies of the respective third-party providers or by contacting the Owner.
To find more information about our cookies and other similar trackers please view our Websites, Apps, and Services Cookie Policy.  Also refer to our Privacy Policy for further information on third-party Analytics, Email Marketing, and Remarketing.
Updating of Privacy Policy
AVOXI, in its sole discretion, reserves the right to update, modify or amend this Policy from time to time with or without notice. You therefore agree and undertake to review the Policy whenever you visit the Website. Save as expressly provided to the contrary in this Policy, any amended version of the Policy shall supersede and replace all previous versions thereof.
Contact Information
Questions, concerns, or complaints related to this Policy or AVOXI’s treatment of Personal Information should be directed to privacy@avoxi.com.
Anonymization of Customer Data
If Personal Data is used for product enhancement or development, then that specific Personal Data will be anonymized.
The Service is not directed to children under the age of 13
Users declare themselves to be adult according to their applicable legislation. Minors may use AVOXI, Inc. Websites, Apps, and Services only with the assistance of a parent or guardian. Under no circumstance persons under the age of 13 may use AVOXI, Inc. Websites, Apps, and Services.
Cookie Policy
AVOXI, Inc. Websites, Apps, and Services uses Trackers. To learn more, Users may consult the
Cookie Policy
.
Further Information for Users
Legal basis of processing
The Owner may process Personal Data relating to Users if one of the following applies:
Users have given their consent for one or more specific purposes.
provision of Data is necessary for the performance of an agreement with the User and/or for any pre-contractual obligations thereof;
processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the Owner is subject;
processing is related to a task that is carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the Owner;
processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner or by a third party.
In any case, the Owner will gladly help to clarify the specific legal basis that applies to the processing, and in particular whether the provision of Personal Data is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract.
Further information about retention time
Unless specified otherwise in this document, Personal Data shall be processed and stored for as long as required by the purpose they have been collected for and may be retained for longer due to applicable legal obligation or based on the Users’ consent.
Therefore:
Personal Data collected for purposes related to the performance of a contract between the Owner and the User shall be retained until such contract has been fully performed.
Personal Data collected for the purposes of the Owner’s legitimate interests shall be retained as long as needed to fulfill such purposes. Users may find specific information regarding the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner within the relevant sections of  this document or by contacting the Owner.
The Owner may be allowed to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever the User has given consent to such processing, as long as such consent is not withdrawn. Furthermore, the Owner may be obliged to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever required to fulfil a legal obligation or upon order of an authority.
Once the retention period expires, Personal Data shall be deleted. Therefore, the right of access, the right to erasure, the right to rectification and the right to data portability cannot be enforced after expiration of the retention period.
The rights of Users based on the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
Users may exercise certain rights regarding their Data processed by the Owner.
In particular, Users have the right to do the following, to the extent permitted by law:
Withdraw their consent at any time.
Users have the right to withdraw consent where they have previously given their consent to the processing of their Personal Data.
Object to processing of their Data.
Users have the right to object to the processing of their Data if the processing is carried out on a legal basis other than consent.
Access their Data.
Users have the right to learn if Data is being processed by the Owner, obtain disclosure regarding certain aspects of the processing and obtain a copy of the Data undergoing processing.
Verify and seek rectification.
Users have the right to verify the accuracy of their Data and ask for it to be updated or corrected.
Restrict the processing of their Data.
Users have the right to restrict the processing of their Data. In this case, the Owner will not process their Data for any purpose other than storing it.
Have their Personal Data deleted or otherwise removed.
Users have the right to obtain the erasure of their Data from the Owner.
Receive their Data and have it transferred to another controller.
Users have the right to receive their Data in a structured, commonly used and machine readable format and, if technically feasible, to have it transmitted to another controller without any hindrance.
Lodge a complaint.
Users have the right to bring a claim before their competent data protection authority.
Users are also entitled to learn about the legal basis for Data transfers abroad including to any international organization governed by public international law or set up by two or more countries, such as the UN, and about the security measures taken by the Owner to safeguard their Data.
Details about the right to object to processing
Where Personal Data is processed for a public interest, in the exercise of an official authority vested in the Owner or for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner, Users may object to such processing by providing a ground related to their particular situation to justify the objection.
Users must know that, however, should their Personal Data be processed for direct marketing purposes, they can object to that processing at any time, free of charge and without providing any justification. Where the User objects to processing for direct marketing purposes, the Personal Data will no longer be processed for such purposes. To learn whether the Owner is processing Personal Data for direct marketing purposes, Users may refer to the relevant sections of this document.
How to exercise these rights
Any requests to exercise User rights can be directed to the Owner through  the contact details provided in this document. Such requests are free of charge and will be answered by the Owner as early as possible and always within one month, providing Users with the information required by law. Any rectification or erasure of Personal Data or restriction of processing will be communicated by the Owner to each recipient, if any, to whom the Personal Data has been disclosed unless this proves impossible or involves disproportionate effort. At the Users’ request, the Owner will inform them about those recipients.
Transfer of Personal Data outside of the European Union
Data transfer abroad based on standard contractual clauses
If this is the legal basis, the transfer of Personal Data from the EU to third countries is carried out by the Owner according to “standard contractual clauses” provided by the European Commission.
This means that Data recipients have committed to process Personal Data in compliance with the data protection standards set forth by EU data protection legislation. For further information, Users are requested to contact the Owner through the contact details provided in the present document.
Further information for Users
    in the United States
This part of the document integrates with and supplements the information contained in the rest of the privacy policy and is provided by the business running AVOXI, Inc. Websites, Apps, and Services and, if the case may be, its parent, subsidiaries and affiliates (for the purposes of this section referred to collectively as “we”, “us”, “our”).
The information contained in this section applies to all Users (Users are referred to below, simply as “you”, “your”, “yours”), who are residents in the following states:
California, Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, Texas, Oregon, Nevada, Delaware, Iowa, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Nebraska and Montana.
For such Users, this information supersedes any other possibly divergent or conflicting provisions contained in the privacy policy.
This part of the document uses the term Personal Information.
Notice at collection
The following Notice at collection provides you with timely notice about the
categories of Personal Information collected or disclosed in the past 12 months
so that you can exercise meaningful control over our use of that Information.
While such categorization of Personal Information is mainly based on California privacy laws, it can also be helpful for anyone who is not a California resident to get a general idea of what types of Personal Information are collected.
Internet or other electronic network activity information
Personal Information collected or disclosed:
Cookies, Usage Data, various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service, Trackers, various types of Data, email address, Tracker, Data communicated while using the service, first name, last name, city, phone number, company name, purchase history, device information, unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example)
Purposes:
Remarketing and behavioral targeting
Backup saving and management
Displaying content from external platforms
Tag Management
User database management
Interaction with external social networks and platforms
Platform services and hosting
Analytics
Handling payments
Advertising
Data transfer outside the EU
Hosting and backend infrastructure
Registration and authentication
Further information about Personal Data
Managing landing and invitation pages
Content performance and features testing (A/B testing)
Heat mapping and session recording
Collection of privacy-related preferences
Managing contacts and sending messages
Retention period:
for the time necessary to fulfill the purpose
Sold or Shared ℹ️:
Yes
Targeted Advertising: ℹ️:
Yes
Third-parties:
Google Inc., Google LLC, salesforce.com, inc., Twitter, Inc., Automattic Inc., Authorize.Net, Facebook, Inc., Instagram, Inc., LinkedIn Corporation, PayPal Inc., Salesforce.com, inc., Wistia, Inc., Unbounce Marketing Solutions Inc., FullStory, Inc., Crazyegg, Apple Inc., Meta Platforms, Inc., iubenda srl, X Corp., Microsoft Corporation, HubSpot, Inc., NextRoll, Inc.
Service providers or contractors:
AVOXI, Inc. Websites, Apps, and Services
Identifiers
Personal Information collected or disclosed:
first name, last name, phone number, company name, address, state, email address, city, Cookies, Usage Data, physical address, name, calendar information, country, ZIP/Postal code, purchase history, Trackers, device information, unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example)
Purposes:
Contacting the User
Managing landing and invitation pages
Managing contacts and sending messages
Hosting and backend infrastructure
Handling activities related to productivity
User database management
Advertising
Retention period:
for the time necessary to fulfill the purpose
Sold or Shared ℹ️:
Yes
Targeted Advertising: ℹ️:
Yes
Third-parties:
Unbounce Marketing Solutions Inc., Mailgun Technologies, Inc., Appcues, Inc., Intuit Limited., Calendly, LLC, ZoomInfo Technologies LLC, HubSpot, Inc., NextRoll, Inc.
Service providers or contractors:
AVOXI, Inc. Websites, Apps, and Services
Commercial information
Personal Information collected or disclosed:
first name, last name, phone number, company name, address, state, email address, city, country, ZIP/Postal code, physical address, Usage Data, purchase history, Trackers, device information, unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example)
Purposes:
Contacting the User
Connecting Data
Handling activities related to productivity
User database management
Advertising
Retention period:
for the time necessary to fulfill the purpose
Sold or Shared ℹ️:
Yes
Targeted Advertising: ℹ️:
Yes
Third-parties:
Zapier, Inc., ZoomInfo Technologies LLC, HubSpot, Inc., NextRoll, Inc.
Service providers or contractors:
AVOXI, Inc. Websites, Apps, and Services
Geolocation data
Personal Information collected or disclosed:
geographic position
Purposes:
Location-based interactions
Retention period:
for the time necessary to fulfill the purpose
Sold or Shared ℹ️:
Yes
Targeted Advertising: ℹ️:
Yes
Service providers or contractors:
AVOXI, Inc. Websites, Apps, and Services
Employment related information
Personal Information collected or disclosed:
workplace
Purposes:
Handling activities related to productivity
Retention period:
for the time necessary to fulfill the purpose
Sold or Shared ℹ️:
Yes
Targeted Advertising: ℹ️:
Yes
Third-parties:
Asana, Inc.
ℹ️ You can read the definitions of these concepts inside the “
Definitions and legal references section
” of the privacy policy.
To know more about your rights in particular to opt out of certain processing activities   you can refer to the “
Your privacy rights under US state laws
” section of our privacy policy.
For more details on the collection of Personal Information, please read the section “
Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data
” of our privacy policy.
We won’t process your Information for unexpected purposes, or for purposes that are not reasonably necessary to and compatible with the purposes originally disclosed, without your consent.
What are the sources of the Personal Information we collect?
We collect the above-mentioned categories of Personal Information, either directly or indirectly, from you when you use AVOXI, Inc. Websites, Apps, and Services.
For example, you directly provide your Personal Information when you submit requests via any forms on AVOXI, Inc. Websites, Apps, and Services. You also provide Personal Information indirectly when you navigate AVOXI, Inc. Websites, Apps, and Services, as Personal Information about you is automatically observed and collected.
Finally, we may collect your Personal Information from third parties that work with us in connection with the Service or with the functioning of AVOXI, Inc. Websites, Apps, and Services and features thereof.
Your privacy rights under US state laws
You may exercise certain rights regarding your Personal Information. In particular, to the extent permitted by applicable law, you have:
the right to access Personal Information: the right to know.
You have the right to request that we confirm whether or not we are processing your Personal Information. You also have the right to access such Personal Information;
the right to correct inaccurate Personal Information.
You have the right to request that we correct any inaccurate Personal Information we maintain about you;
the right to request the deletion of your Personal Information.
You have the right to request that we delete any of your Personal Information;
the right to obtain a copy of your Personal Information.
We will provide your Personal Information in a portable and usable format that allows you to transfer data easily to another entity – provided that this is technically feasible;
the right to opt out from the Sale of your Personal Information;
We will not discriminate against you for exercising your privacy rights.
the right to non-discrimination.
Additional rights for Users residing in California
In addition to the rights listed above common to all Users in the United States, as a User residing in California, you have
The right to opt out of the Sharing of your Personal Information
for cross-context behavioral advertising;
The right to request to limit our use or disclosure of your Sensitive Personal Information
to only that which is necessary to perform the services or provide the goods, as is reasonably expected by an average consumer. Please note that certain exceptions outlined in the law may apply, such as, when the collection and processing of Sensitive Personal Information is necessary to verify or maintain the quality or safety of our service.
Additional rights for Users residing in Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, Texas, Oregon, Nevada, Delaware, Iowa, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Nebraska and Montana
In addition to the rights listed above common to all Users in the United States, as a User residing in Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, Texas, Oregon, Nevada, Delaware, Iowa, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Nebraska and Montana you have
The right to opt out of
the processing of your personal information for
Targeted Advertising or profiling
in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you;
The right to freely give, deny or withdraw your consent for the processing of your Sensitive Personal Information.
Please note that certain exceptions outlined in the law may apply, such as, but not limited to, when the collection and processing of Sensitive Personal Information is necessary for the provision of a product or service specifically requested by the consumer.
Additional rights for users residing in Utah and Iowa
In addition to the rights listed above common to all Users in the United States, as a User residing in Utah and Iowa, you have
The right to opt out of
the processing of your Personal Information for
Targeted Advertising
;
The right to opt out of the processing of your Sensitive Personal Information.
Please note that certain exceptions outlined in the law may apply, such as, but not limited to, when the collection and processing of Sensitive Personal Information is necessary for the provision of a product or service specifically requested by the consumer.
How to exercise your privacy rights under US state laws
To exercise the rights described above, you need to submit your request to us by contacting us via the contact details provided in this document.
For us to respond to your request, we must know who you are. We will not respond to any request if we are unable to verify your identity and therefore confirm the Personal Information in our possession relates to you. You are not required to create an account with us to submit your request. We will use any Personal Information collected from you in connection with the verification of your request solely for verification and shall not further disclose the Personal Information, retain it longer than necessary for purposes of verification, or use it for unrelated purposes.
If you are an adult, you can make a request on behalf of a child under your parental authority.
How to exercise your rights to opt out
In addition to what is stated above, to exercise your right to opt-out of Sale or Sharing and Targeted Advertising you can also use the privacy choices link provided on AVOXI, Inc. Websites, Apps, and Services.
If you want to submit requests to opt out of Sale or Sharing and Targeted Advertising activities via a user-enabled
global privacy control
, such as for example the Global Privacy Control (“
GPC
”), you are free to do so and we will abide by such request in a frictionless manner.
How and when we are expected to handle your request
We will respond to your request without undue delay, but in all cases within the timeframe required by applicable law. Should we need more time, we will explain to you the reasons why, and how much more time we need.
Should we deny your request, we will explain to you the reasons behind our denial (where envisaged by applicable law you may then contact the relevant authority to submit a complaint).
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your request unless such request is manifestly unfounded or excessive and in all other cases where it is permitted by the applicable law. In such cases, we may charge a reasonable fee or refuse to act on the request. In either case, we will communicate our choices and explain the reasons behind them.
Additional information for Users in the United States
CCPA: Collection of personal information about consumers aged 13 to 16
We collect personal information of consumers between the age of 13 and 16 and won't sell their data unless those consumers have opted-in.
CCPA: Collection of personal information about minors
We do not knowingly collect personal information of consumers who are below the age of 16.
CCPA: Collection of personal information about consumers below the age of 13
We collect personal information of consumers below the age of 13 and won't sell their data unless their parents or guardians have opted-in on behalf of those minors.
Additional information about Data collection and processing
Legal action
The User's Personal Data may be used for legal purposes by the Owner in Court or in the stages leading to possible legal action arising from improper use of AVOXI, Inc. Websites, Apps, and Services or the related Services.
The User declares to be aware that the Owner may be required to reveal personal data upon request of public authorities.
Additional information about User's Personal Data
In addition to the information contained in this privacy policy, AVOXI, Inc. Websites, Apps, and Services may provide the User with additional and contextual information concerning particular Services or the collection and processing of Personal Data upon request.
System logs and maintenance
For operation and maintenance purposes, AVOXI, Inc. Websites, Apps, and Services and any third-party services may collect files that record interaction with AVOXI, Inc. Websites, Apps, and Services (System logs) or use other Personal Data (such as the IP Address) for this purpose.
Information not contained in this policy
More details concerning the collection or processing of Personal Data may be requested from the Owner at any time. Please see the contact information at the beginning of this document.
Changes to this privacy policy
The Owner reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by notifying its Users on this page and possibly within AVOXI, Inc. Websites, Apps, and Services and/or - as far as technically and legally feasible - sending a notice to Users via any contact information available to the Owner. It is strongly recommended to check this page often, referring to the date of the last modification listed at the bottom.
Should the changes affect processing activities performed on the basis of the User’s consent, the Owner shall collect new consent from the User, where required.
Definitions and legal references
Personal Data (or Data)
          / Personal Information (or Information)
Any information that directly, indirectly, or in connection with other information — including a personal identification number — allows for the identification or identifiability of a natural person.
Sensitive Personal Information
Sensitive Personal Information means any Personal Information  that is not publicly available and reveals information considered sensitive according to the applicable privacy law.
Usage Data
Information collected automatically through AVOXI, Inc. Websites, Apps, and Services (or third-party services employed in AVOXI, Inc. Websites, Apps, and Services), which can include: the IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilized by the Users who use AVOXI, Inc. Websites, Apps, and Services, the URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier), the time of the request, the method utilized to submit the request to the server, the size of the file received in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the server's answer (successful outcome, error, etc.), the country of origin, the features of the browser and the operating system utilized by the User, the various time details per visit (e.g., the time spent on each page within the Application) and the details about the path followed within the Application with special reference to the sequence of pages visited, and other parameters about the device operating system and/or the User's IT environment.
User
The individual using AVOXI, Inc. Websites, Apps, and Services who, unless otherwise specified, coincides with the Data Subject.
Data Subject
The natural person to whom the Personal Data refers.
Data Processor (or Processor)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller, as described in this privacy policy.
Data Controller (or Owner)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data, including the security measures concerning the operation and use of AVOXI, Inc. Websites, Apps, and Services. The Data Controller, unless otherwise specified, is the Owner of AVOXI, Inc. Websites, Apps, and Services.
AVOXI, Inc. Websites, Apps, and Services (or this Application)
The means by which the Personal Data of the User is collected and processed.
Service
The service provided by AVOXI, Inc. Websites, Apps, and Services as described in the relative terms (if available) and on this site/application.
Sale
Sale means any exchange of Personal Information by the Owner to
a third party, for monetary or other valuable consideration
, as defined by the applicable privacy US state law. Please note that the exchange of Personal Information with a service provider pursuant to a written contract that meets the requirements set by the applicable law, does not constitute a Sale of your Personal Information.
Sharing
Sharing means any sharing, renting, releasing, disclosing, disseminating, making available, transferring, or otherwise communicating orally, in writing, or by electronic or other means, a consumer's Personal Information by the business to a
third party for cross-context behavioral advertising
, whether for monetary or other valuable consideration, including transactions between a business and a third party for cross-context behavioral advertising for the benefit of a business in which no money is exchanged, as defined by the California privacy laws. Please note that the exchange of Personal Information with a service provider pursuant to a written contract that meets the requirements set by the California privacy laws, does not constitute sharing of your Personal Information.
Targeted advertising
Targeted advertising means displaying advertisements to a consumer where the advertisement is selected based on Personal Information obtained from that consumer’s activities over time and across nonaffiliated websites or online applications to predict such consumer’s preferences or interests, as defined by the applicable privacy US state law.
European Union (or EU)
Unless otherwise specified, all references made within this document to the European Union include all current member states to the European Union and the European Economic Area.
Cookie
Cookies are Trackers consisting of small sets of data stored in the User's browser.
Tracker
Tracker indicates any technology - e.g Cookies, unique identifiers, web beacons, embedded scripts, e-tags and fingerprinting - that enables the tracking of Users, for example by accessing or storing information on the User’s device.
Legal information
This privacy statement has been prepared based on provisions of multiple legislations.
This privacy policy relates solely to AVOXI, Inc. Websites, Apps, and Services, if not stated otherwise within this document.
Sub-policy 7
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation:
Privacy Center home
Search
Privacy topics
More privacy resources
Privacy Policy
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
What information do we collect?
How do we use your information?
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
How do we share information with third parties?
How do the Meta Companies work together?
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
How long do we keep your information?
How do we transfer information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
How will you know the Policy has changed?
How to contact Meta with questions
Legal basis information
Other policies and articles
Settings
Privacy Policy
How we use info for AI at Meta
Based on feedback from regulators, we’re still delaying our plans to use your information from Meta Products to develop and improve
AI at Meta
. We’ll let you know before we start using this information for this purpose, and how you can exercise your right to object.
Other updates
We're updating our Privacy Policy. The updates go into effect on April 7, 2025.
Read the new policy.
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
Effective November 14, 2024 |
View printable version
|
See previous versions
Highlights
We at Meta want you to understand what information we collect, and how we use and share it. That’s why we encourage you to read our Privacy Policy. This helps you use
Meta Products
in the way that’s right for you.
In the Privacy Policy, we explain how we collect, use, share, retain and transfer information. We also let you know your rights. Each section of this Policy includes helpful examples and simpler language to make our practices easier to understand. We’ve also added links to resources where you can learn more about the privacy topics that interest you.
It's important to us that you know how to control your privacy, so we also show you where you can manage your information in the settings of the Meta Products you use. You can
update these settings
to shape your experience.
Read the full Policy below.
What Products does this Policy cover?
Learn more in Privacy Center about managing your privacy
What information do we collect?
Highlights
The information we collect and process about you depends on how you use our
Products
. For example, we collect different information if you sell furniture on Marketplace than if you post a reel on Instagram. When you use our Products, we collect some information about you
even if you don't have an account
.
Here's the information we collect:
Your activity and information you provide
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
Information from partners, vendors and other third parties
What if you don’t let us collect certain information?
Some information is required for our Products to work. Other information is optional, but without it, the quality of your experience might be affected.
Learn more
What if the information we collect doesn’t identify individuals?
In some cases information is de-identified, aggregated, or anonymized by third parties so that it no longer identifies individuals before it’s made available to us. We use this information as described below without trying to re-identify individuals.
Take control
Manage the information we collect about you
Privacy Center
How do we use your information?
Highlights
We use
information we collect
to provide a personalized experience to you, including ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products), along with the other purposes we explain in detail below.
For some of these purposes, we use information
across our Products
from the accounts you choose to add to your Accounts Center, and
across your devices
. The information we use for these purposes is automatically processed by our systems. But in some cases, we also use
manual review
to access and review your information.
To use less information that’s connected to individual users, in some cases we de-identify or aggregate information or anonymize it so that it no longer identifies you. We use this information in the same ways we use your information as described in this section.
Here are the ways we use your information:
To provide, personalize and improve our Products
We use information we have to provide and improve our
Products
. This includes personalizing features, content and
recommendations
, such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
, Stories and ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products). We use
information with special protections
you choose to provide for these purposes, but not to show you ads.
Read more about how we use information to provide, personalize and improve our Products:
How we show ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
How we use information to improve our Products
How we use location-related information
To promote safety, security and integrity
We use information we collect to help protect people from harm and provide safe, secure Products.
Learn more
To provide measurement, analytics and business services
Lots of people rely on our Products to run or promote their businesses or share content. We help them measure how well their ads and other content, products and services are working.
Learn more
To communicate with you
We communicate with you using information you've given us, like contact information you've entered on your profile.
Learn more
To research and innovate for social good
We use information we have, information from researchers and datasets from publicly available sources, professional groups and non-profit groups to conduct and support research.
Learn more
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
Highlights
On Meta Products
Learn more about the different cases when your information can be shared on our
Products
:
People and accounts you share and communicate with
Content others share or reshare about you
Public content
With integrated partners
You can choose to connect with
integrated partners
who use our Products. If you do, these integrated partners receive information about you and your activity.
These integrated partners can always access information that’s public on our Products. Learn more about other information they receive and how they handle your information:
When you use an integrated partner’s product or service
When you interact with someone else’s content on an integrated partner’s product or service
How integrated partners handle your information
Take control
Learn more about audiences
Privacy Center
Manage apps and websites
How do we share information with third parties?
Highlights
We don't sell any of your information to anyone, and we never will. We also require
partners
and other
third parties
to follow rules about how they can and cannot use and disclose the information we provide.
Here’s more detail about who we share information with:
Partners
Advertisers and Audience Network publishers (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
Partners who use our analytics services
Partners who offer goods or services on our Products and commerce services platforms
Integrated partners
Vendors
Measurement vendors
Marketing vendors
Service providers
Service providers
Third parties
External researchers
AI integrations
Other third parties
We also share information with other
third parties
in response to legal requests, to comply with applicable law or to prevent harm.
Read the Policy
.
And if we sell or transfer all or part of our business to someone else, in some cases we’ll give the new owner your information as part of that transaction, but only as the law allows.
How do the Meta Companies work together?
Highlights
We are part of the
Meta Companies
that provide Meta Company Products.
Meta Company Products
include all the
Meta Products
covered by this Policy, plus other products like WhatsApp and more.
We share information we collect, infrastructure, systems and technology with the other Meta Companies.
Learn more
about how we transfer information to other countries.
We also process information that we receive about you from other Meta Companies, according to their terms and policies and as permitted by applicable law. In some cases, Meta acts as a
service provider
for other Meta Companies. We act on their behalf and in accordance with their instructions and terms.
Why we share across the Meta Companies
Meta Products share information with other Meta Companies:
To promote safety, security and integrity and comply with applicable laws
To provide optional features and integrations
To understand how people use and interact with Meta Company Products
See some examples
of why we share.
More resources
Review the privacy policies of the other Meta Companies
Facebook Help Center
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
Highlights
Under applicable data protection law, companies must have a legal basis to process personal data. When we talk about "processing personal data," we mean the ways we collect, use and share your information, as we described in the other sections of this Policy above.
What is our legal basis?
You have the following rights under GDPR and other relevant data protection laws:
Access and correct information
Withdraw consent
Port your information
Download your information
Erase information
Object
Make a complaint
How long do we keep your information?
Highlights
We keep information as long as we need it to provide our Products, comply with legal obligations or protect our or other’s interests. We decide how long we need information on a case-by-case basis. Here’s what we consider when we decide:
If we need it to operate or provide our Products. For example, we need to keep some of your information to maintain your account.
Learn more
.
The feature we use it for, and how that feature works. For example, messages sent using Messenger’s vanish mode are retained for less time than regular messages.
Learn more
.
How long we need to retain the information to comply with certain legal obligations.
See some examples
.
If we need it for other legitimate purposes, such as to prevent harm; investigate possible violations of our terms or policies; promote safety, security and integrity; or protect ourselves, including our rights, property or products
In some instances and for specific reasons, we’ll keep information for an extended period of time.
Read our Policy
about when we may preserve your information.
How do we transfer information?
Highlights
Why is information transferred to other countries?
Where is information transferred?
How do we safeguard your information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
Highlights
We access, preserve, use and share your information:
In response to legal requests, like search warrants, court orders, production orders or subpoenas. These requests come from
third parties
such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
Learn more
about when we respond to legal requests.
In accordance with applicable law
To promote the safety, security and integrity of
Meta Products
, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
.
We may access or preserve your information for an extended amount of time.
Learn more
.
How will you know the Policy has changed?
We'll notify you before we make material changes to this Policy. You’ll have the opportunity to review the revised Policy before you choose to continue using our Products.
How to contact Meta with questions
You can learn more about how privacy works on
Facebook
and on
Instagram
, and in the
Facebook Help Center
. If you have questions about this Policy, or have questions, complaints or requests regarding your information, you can contact us as described below.
The data controller responsible for your information is Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, which you can
contact online
, or by mail at:
Meta Platforms Ireland Limited
ATTN: Privacy Operations
Merrion Road
Dublin 4
D04 X2K5, Ireland
Contact the Data Protection Officer
for Meta Platforms Ireland Limited.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with Meta Platforms Ireland's lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission, or your local supervisory authority.
Legal basis information
Consent
We process information as described below when you have given us your consent to do so, which we may ask through in-product experiences, to enable particular features, or to enable device-based settings. The categories of information we use and why and how they are processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Processing information with special protections that you provide so we can share it with those you choose, to provide, personalise and improve our Products and to undertake analytics.  We’ll collect, store, publish and apply automated, or sometimes manual, processing for these purposes.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Any information with special protections that you choose to provide, such as your religious views, your sexual orientation, political views, health, racial or ethnic origin, philosophical beliefs or trade union membership, or as part of surveys you choose to participate in, and where you have given your explicit consent
Personalizing ads on the Meta Products:
If we show you ads on Meta Products, including Meta Audience Network, depending on your
settings
, we will use your information across the account(s) in your Accounts Centre to show you ads, including using cookies, to personalize your ads and measure how those ads perform.
If we show you ads on Meta Products, our ads system automatically processes information that we've collected and stored associated with you. In accordance with your Ad settings, our ads system uses this information to understand your interests and your preferences and personalize your ads across the Meta Products.
Learn more
about your Ad settings.
Our ads system prioritizes what ad to show you based on what audience advertisers want to reach. Then we match the ad to people who might be interested.
Learn more
about how our ads system works.
Learn more
about how we choose the ads that you see.
You can change your choice at any time in your “Ad Preferences”.
Your activity and information that you provide
:
Content that you create, such as posts, comments or audio
Content that you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content, including ads, that you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features that you use and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions that you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you're doing on your device, such as whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users'
Device signals
Information that you've shared through your device settings (e.g. GPS location)
Information about the network that you connect your device to
Location-related  information
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Using information from partners, vendors and other third parties to tailor the ads you see: If we show you ads on Meta Products, with your consent we’ll use information that partners, vendors and other third parties provide us about activity off the Meta Products and that we have associated with you to personalize ads that we show you on the Meta Products, and on websites, apps and devices that use our advertising services. We receive this information whether or not you’re logged in or have an account on our Products, see the
Cookies Policy
for more information.
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request when you use some of our Products. For example, when you direct us we share your email address or other information that you might choose to share with an advertiser so that they can contact you with additional information about a promoted product. The type of third party and categories of information shared depend on the circumstances of what you ask us to share.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like your contact, profile or other information, like posts or comments
Collecting information that you allow us to receive through the device-based settings you enable (such as access to your GPS location, camera or photos) which we use to provide the features or services described when you enable the setting.
App, browser and device information
:
Information from device settings
Verifying your identity or account, or helping to protect against suspicious activity including impersonation and identity misuse, using face analysis which may include facial recognition technology if you select it.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Your account information, profile photo, or
your photo or video selfie, if you choose to provide it
When we process information that you provide to us based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. You also have the right to port that information you provide to us based on your consent. To exercise your rights, visit your device-based settings, and visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings and our Help Centers.
Performance of a contract
For all people who have the legal capacity to enter into an enforceable contract (for example, by being the age of majority or above in their country of residence), we process information as necessary to conclude and perform our contracts with you (the
Meta Terms
and
Instagram Terms
, the
Supplemental Meta Platforms Technologies Terms of Service
, the
Supplemental Portal Terms of Service
, the
Meta AI Terms of Service
and the
Supplemental Meta View Terms of Service
, together, the “terms"). The purposes for which we process information for our contracts, the categories of information we use and how information is processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Personalising the Meta Products (other than ads): Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories); and
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, and in some instances not only automated processing but also manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features,
Undertake analytics, and
Facilitate your purchases and payments on Meta Pay or other Meta checkout experiences.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts, identity and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the
Oversight Board
,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review and, in some cases, remove content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To communicate with you: We use information you’ve given us (like contact information on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
We’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your e-mail address to respond when you contact us.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Transferring, storing or processing your information globally. We share information we collect globally, both internally across our offices and data centers and externally with our partners, third parties and service providers. Because Meta is global, with users, partners and employees around the world, transfers are necessary to:
Operate and provide the services described in the terms that apply to the Meta Product(s) you are using. This includes allowing you to share information and connect with your family and friends around the globe; and
So we can fix, analyze and improve our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
We'll use the information we have to provide these services; if you choose not to provide certain information (other than limited account information which is necessary to create a
Facebook account
or an
Instagram account
), your experience using the Meta Products may be affected. For example, you may see less relevant recommendations on the Products, or your use of the Products may be restricted.
When we process information that you provide to us as necessary for concluding or performing our contracts with you, you have the right to port it under the GDPR. To exercise your rights, visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings, or learn more in our Help Centers.
Compliance with a legal obligation
The categories of information we use, why we process your information based on compliance with a legal obligation and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
For processing information when the law requires it: Where we are under an obligation to disclose information such as, for example, if we receive a valid legal request for certain information (such as an Irish search warrant), we will access, preserve and / or share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others.
The way in which the information will be processed depends on the specific circumstances, see
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and integrity?
for more.
Information for Law Enforcement Authorities
provides information on the operational guidelines law enforcement needs to follow.
Examples of Irish and EU laws enforceable in Ireland that could give rise to an obligation requiring us to process the information we hold about you are:
Civil and commercial matters: where we are in receipt of a court order or otherwise required to disclose information for the purposes of court proceedings, such as under Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters.
Criminal matters: to comply with requests from Irish law enforcement to provide information in relation to an investigation, such as under Section 10 of the Criminal Justice (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1997 as amended by 6(1)(a) of the Criminal Justice Act 2006, or to take steps to report information to law enforcement where required.
Consumer matters: to comply with our obligations under consumer law such as the Competition and Consumer Protection Act 2014.
Corporate and taxation matters: to comply with our obligations such as the Companies Act 2014.
Regulatory matters: to comply with our obligations to engage with regulators, such as the Data Protection Commission under the General Data Protection Regulation and the Data Protection Act 2018.
Financial matters: to comply with our obligations under applicable financial services law such as the European Union (Payment Services) Regulations 2018
View the
current list of laws
which are enforceable in Ireland that give rise to a legal obligation for Meta which results in the processing of information. New laws may be enacted or other obligations may become binding on our processing of your information which may require us to process your information and we will update this list from time to time.
The categories of information depend on the specific circumstances of each mandatory request or obligation. Only the information necessary to comply with the relevant legal obligation will be processed. For example, for civil matters, this will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information). However, depending on the circumstances it could include the following:
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Legitimate interests
We rely on our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third party, where they are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms ("legitimate interests"). The categories of information we use, the legitimate interests relied on and why and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Legitimate interests relied on
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
If you are a registered user of the Meta Products
For people under the age of majority (under 18, in most applicable countries) who have a limited ability to enter into an enforceable contract only, where we may be unable to process your information on the grounds of contractual necessity.
Personalising the Meta Products: Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
News Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories),
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Learn more
about how we use information about you to personalise your experience on and across Meta Products and how we choose the ads that you see.
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
(other than using partner data to tailor ads to you)
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, automated processing, and in some instances manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide advertising products,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features, and
Undertake analytics.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To enable people under the age of majority to use and connect to the Meta Products in an easy and intuitive manner.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public profile information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the Oversight Board,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review, and in some cases remove, content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on the Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
To secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, and to protect the safety of people under the age of majority, including to prevent exploitation or other harms to which such individuals may be particularly vulnerable.
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating with you:
We use information you have given us (like contact information you’ve entered on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
we’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your email address to respond to you when you contact us.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
For all people, including those under the age of majority
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and how their content is performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help users, businesses, and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their content, websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realise using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our other partners; and
In the interests of developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
If we show you ads on Meta Products:
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, advertisers and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, advertisers and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's ads, content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and ads, and how their content and ads are performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help businesses, advertisers and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, advertisers, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realize using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our advertisers and other partners; and
In the interests of advertisers, developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content and advertising on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating, engaging and sharing across the Meta Company Products:
To provide a seamless, consistent and richer, innovative, experience across the Meta Company Products and to enable cross app interactions, sharing, viewing and engaging with content, including posts and videos.
In our interest to provide seamless, consistent and richer, innovative communication, engagement and sharing experiences across Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Business intelligence and analytics:
To understand, in aggregate, your usage of and across our Products, to accurately count people and businesses; and
Validate metrics directly related to these, in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to adhere to (shareholder/earning) reporting obligations.
In our interest to measure the use of our Products and count the people who interact with our Products in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to enable provision of accurate and reliable reporting.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Location-related information
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you:
Depending on your settings, we’ll share marketing communications with you.
We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide, including your contact information like e-mail address
App, browser and device information
:
Device identifiers
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from researchers we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
For example, we analyse information that we have about migration patterns during crises. This helps relief organizations get aid to the right places.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation of information as well as manual (human) review, and share information, as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programmes.
In our interest and those of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Anonymising your information
In some cases, we anonymise information we have about you, such as your activity on and off our Products, and use the resulting information, for example, to provide and improve our Meta Products, including ads.
In our interest to fund our provision of the Meta Products, provide relevant advertising to users, and improve ads delivery and Meta Products;
In the interests of advertisers to help them to reach relevant audiences who may be interested in their information, products or services;
In the interests of users that Meta practice data minimisation and privacy by design in respect of their information
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to legal requests.
See
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promote safety, integrity and security in limited circumstances outside of the performance of our contracts with you:
Our Meta Products are delivered to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We apply automated processing, as well as manual (human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request:
You may choose to share your contact information, profile information and other data with our partners: The types of partners with whom information is shared depends on the features of our service that you use and the manner in which you choose to use them. For example, you may choose to share your email address, birthday, friends list, hometown or other information with a partner if you choose to connect your Facebook account to their app.
To deliver  quality experiences to users who use our partners’ apps, in our best interest and in the interest of our users.
To facilitate and improve users' experiences in their apps, in the interests of our partners who want to facilitate and improve consumers' experiences in their apps.
Information you provide (for example, your email address, birthday, friends’ list and hometown).
If you are using a device we cannot associate with a registered user of the Meta Products
Promote safety, integrity and security:
Our Meta Products are delivered in a manner to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We collect and store information we have for this purpose and apply automated processing and manual (i.e. human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and research and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users generally and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you: We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail address.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide including your contact information like your e-mail address
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from research partners we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programs.
In our interest and in the interest of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to
legal requests
.
See '
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
' for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Provide and improve our Products:
We use information we collect to:
Provide products and curate features
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To improve the Meta Company Products in a consistent manner, to correct technical glitches, and to optimise functionality.
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary to pursue our legitimate interests or those of a third party, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, such processing; to exercise your right, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings.
We will consider several factors when assessing an objection, including: our users' reasonable expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort. Unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons, your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
If you are under the age of majority in your country and there is no enforceable contract in place, we will take particular account of the fact that you are below the age of majority when conducting our assessment of our legitimate interests and the balancing  of your interests and rights. We provide specific protections for people below the age of majority to ensure that they are aware of the risks, consequences, safeguards and rights associated with the processing of their information.
Tasks carried out in the public interest
The purposes for which we anticipate processing your information as a task in the public interest, the processing we undertake, and the information we use is set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Undertaking research for social good:  We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to undertake research and other tasks in the public interest, such as sharing relevant research data with third parties like international organisations and academics both in and outside the EEA. The public interest is required to be laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Articles 168 and 179 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To promote safety, integrity and security: In limited fact specific circumstances, we will access, preserve and share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others where necessary to perform a task in the public interest. For example, we might share information with others for the purposes of combatting unlawful or harmful behaviour where it is in the public interest to do so and where the public interest is laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Section 53 of the Data Protection Act 2018 and Regulation (EU) 2021/1232.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from Partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary for a task carried out in the public interest, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, our processing. To exercise your rights, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings. In assessing an objection, we will consider several factors, including: our users' reasonable user expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort.
Your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information, unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
Protection of your vital interests or that of another person
The categories of information we use, why we process your information to protect your vital interests or those of another person and how it’s processed are set out below
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Protecting the vital interests of you and/or those of another person: We apply automated processing techniques, conduct manual (human) review and share information, including with law enforcement and others, in circumstances where someone’s vital interests require protection, such as in the case of emergencies. These vital interests include protection of your life, physical or mental health, wellbeing or integrity or that of others, and detecting, removing, and reporting illegal content. In protecting such vital interests we aim to combat harmful conduct and promote safety, integrity and security, including, for example, when we are investigating reports of harmful conduct or taking appropriate action, such as sharing information with relevant authorities, when someone needs help.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content,
subject to applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Sub-policy 8
https://policies.google.com/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 9
https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy:
Skip to main content
Build
More
Run
More
Solutions
Pricing
Docs
More
Community
More
Support
Go to console
Developer Support
Contact Support
Scope of no-cost support
Support Guides
Overview
FAQ
Security checklist
Launch checklist
Firebase-related service accounts
Troubleshoot initialization options
Enable the AdSupport framework
Dynamic Links deprecation
Deprecation FAQ
Export Dynamic Links metadata
Migrate to App Links & Universal Links
Migrate from Parse
Android
iOS+
Cloud Audit Logs
Firebase Management
Cloud Storage for Firebase
Firebase Cloud Messaging
Firebase App Check
Firebase Security Rules
Firebase Realtime Database
Android Device Streaming
Recent Changes and Updates
Release Notes
iOS Release Notes
Android Release Notes
JavaScript Release Notes
Flutter Release Notes
C++ Release Notes
Unity Release Notes
Admin Node.js Release Notes
Admin Java Release Notes
Admin Python Release Notes
Admin Go Release Notes
Admin .NET Release Notes
Security Rules Release Notes
Firebase CLI Release Notes
Policies for changes and versioning
Overview
Introducing and communicating changes
Versioning and maintenance
Legal Information
Terms of Service
Paid Services Terms
Data Processing and Security Terms
Firebase: Standard Contractual Clauses
Service Level Agreement for Hosting and Realtime Database
Cloud Storage for Firebase Service Level Agreement
Firebase App Indexing User Data Policy
Crashlytics and App Distribution Terms
Firebase Subprocessors
Privacy and Security Information
Privacy and Security in Firebase
Designate Data Protection Officers and EU Representatives
Firebase Data Privacy Inquiries
Manage Instance ID data
Clear and export users' data
Storing privacy settings with Firebase
Build
Go to Build
Build Products
App Check
App Hosting
Authentication
Cloud Functions
Cloud Storage
Data Connect
Extensions
Firebase ML
Firestore
Genkit
Hosting
Realtime Database
Vertex AI in Firebase
Generative AI
Run
Go to Run
Run Products
A/B Testing
App Distribution
Cloud Messaging
Crashlytics
Google Analytics
In-App Messaging
Performance Monitoring
Remote Config
Test Lab
Overview
Fundamentals
Build
Run
Reference
Samples
Learn
Events
Stories
Firebase
Support
Send feedback
Privacy and Security in Firebase
Stay organized with collections
Save and categorize content based on your preferences.
This page outlines Firebase's key security and privacy information. Whether
you're looking to kick off a new project with Firebase, or curious about how
Firebase works with your existing project, read on to see how Firebase can help
protect you and your users.
Last modified: February 20, 2025
Data protection
Firebase support for GDPR and CCPA
On May 25th, 2018, the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) replaced the
1995 EU Data Protection Directive. On January 1, 2020, the California Consumer
Privacy Act (CCPA) took effect. On January 1, 2023, the California Privacy
Rights Act (CPRA), which is a data privacy law that amends and expands upon the
CCPA, took effect. Google is committed to helping our customers succeed under
these privacy regulations, whether they are large software companies or
independent developers.
The GDPR imposes obligations on data controllers and data processors, and the
CCPA/CPRA imposes obligations on businesses and their service providers.
Firebase customers typically act as the "data controller" (GDPR) or "business"
(CCPA/CPRA) for any personal data or information about their end-users they
provide to Google in connection with their use of Firebase, and Google generally
operates as a "data processor" (GDPR) or "service provider" (CCPA/CPRA).
This means that data is under the customer's control. Customers are
responsible for obligations like fulfilling an individual's rights with respect
to their personal data or information.
Firebase Data Processing and Security Terms
When customers use Firebase, Google is generally a data processor under GDPR and
processes personal data on their behalf. Similarly, when customers use Firebase,
Google generally operates as a service provider under the CCPA/CPRA handling
personal information on their behalf. Firebase terms include
Data Processing
and Security Terms
detailing these
responsibilities.
Certain Firebase services governed by the
Google Cloud Platform (GCP) Terms of Service
are already covered by associated data processing terms, the
Cloud Data Processing Addendum
.
A complete list of Firebase services currently governed by the GCP Terms of
Service is available in the
Terms of Service for Firebase Services
.
Google Analytics is a separate service that can be used together with Firebase,
and is subject to separate
terms
.
Firebase is certified under major privacy and security standards
ISO and SOC compliance
All Firebase services (aside from App Indexing) have successfully completed the
ISO
27001
and
SOC
1
,
SOC
2
,
and
SOC 3
evaluation
process, and some have also completed the
ISO
27017
and
ISO
27018
certification
process. Compliance reports and certificates for Firebase services governed by
the GCP Terms of Service may be requested via the
Compliance Reports
Manager
.
Service name
ISO 27001
ISO 27017
ISO 27018
SOC 1
SOC 2
SOC 3
Firebase ML
check
check
check
check
Firebase Test Lab
check
check
check
check
check
check
Cloud Firestore
check
check
check
check
check
check
Cloud Functions for Firebase
check
check
check
check
check
check
Cloud Storage for Firebase
check
check
check
check
check
check
Firebase Authentication
check
check
check
check
check
check
Firebase Crashlytics
check
check
check
check
Firebase App Check
check
check
check
check
Firebase App Distribution
check
check
check
check
Firebase In-App Messaging
check
check
check
check
Firebase Cloud Messaging
check
check
check
check
Firebase Performance Monitoring
check
check
check
check
Firebase Hosting
check
check
check
check
Firebase Dynamic Links
check
check
check
check
Firebase Remote Config
check
check
check
check
Firebase Realtime Database
check
check
check
check
Firebase Platform
check
check
check
check
Firebase A/B Testing
check
check
check
check
Gemini in Firebase
check
check
check
check
Vertex AI in Firebase
check
check
check
check
International Data Transfers
As described in our
Data Privacy Framework
certification
,
we comply with the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks (DPF) and the
UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF as set forth by the US Department of Commerce
regarding the collection, use and retention of personal information from the
EEA, Switzerland and the UK, respectively. Google LLC (and its wholly-owned US
subsidiaries unless explicitly excluded) has certified that it adheres to the
DPF Principles. Google remains responsible for any of your personal information
that is shared under the Onward Transfer Principle with third parties for
external processing on our behalf, as described in the
"Sharing your
information" section of our Privacy
Policy
. To learn more about
the DPF, and to view Google's certification, please visit the
DPF
website
.
If you have an inquiry regarding our privacy practices in relation to our DPF
certification, we encourage you to
contact
us
. Google is
subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the US Federal Trade
Commission. You may also refer a complaint to your local data protection
authority and we will work with them to resolve your concern. In certain
circumstances, the DPF provides the right to invoke binding arbitration to
resolve complaints not resolved by other means, as described in
Annex I to the
DPF
Principles
.
Data processing information
Examples of end-user data processed by Firebase
Some Firebase services process your end users' data to provide their service.
The chart below has examples of how various Firebase services use and handle
end-user data that may potentially be identifying. In addition, many Firebase
services offer the ability to request deletion of specific data or control how
data is handled.
Firebase service
End-user data
How data helps provide the service
Cloud Functions for Firebase
IP addresses
How it helps:
Cloud Functions uses IP addresses to
            execute event-handling functions and HTTP functions based on end-user actions.
Retention:
Cloud functions only saves IP addresses temporarily, to
            provide the service.
Firebase Authentication
Passwords
Email addresses
Phone numbers
User agents
IP addresses
How it helps:
Firebase Authentication uses the data to enable end-user
            authentication, and facilitate end-user account management. It also uses user-agent
            strings and IP addresses to provide added security and prevent abuse during sign-up and
            authentication.
Retention:
Firebase Authentication keeps logged IP addresses for a few
            weeks. It retains other authentication information until the Firebase customer initiates
            deletion of the associated user, after which data is removed from live and backup
            systems within 180 days.
Firebase App Check
Attestation material from supported attestation providers
App Check tokens from successful attestations
How it helps:
Firebase App Check uses attestation
            material required by the corresponding attestation provider and
            received from end-user's devices to help establish the integrity of
            the device and/or the app. Attestation materials are sent to the
            corresponding attestation provider for validation based on the
            developer's configuration. App Check tokens obtained from successful
            attestations are sent with every request to supported Firebase
            services to access resources protected by App Check.
Retention:
Attestation material is not retained by
            App Check, but when it is sent to attestation providers, it is
            subject to the terms of those attestation providers. App Check
            tokens returned from successful attestations are valid throughout
            their TTL duration, which cannot be longer than 7 days. For
            developers who use replay protection features, App Check stores the
            App Check tokens used with these features for at most 30 days. Other
            App Check tokens not used with replay protection features are not
            retained by Firebase services.
Firebase App Distribution
Users' names
Email addresses
iOS UDIDs
Secure Android IDs
Firebase
installation IDs
Tester feedback (screenshots and text)
How it helps:
Firebase App Distribution uses the data to distribute
            app builds to testers, monitor tester activity, enable tester features like in-app
            feedback, and associate data with tester devices.
Retention:
Firebase App Distribution retains user information
            until the Firebase customer requests its deletion, after which data is removed from live
            and backup systems within 180 days.
Firebase Cloud Messaging
Firebase
installation IDs
How it helps:
Firebase Cloud Messaging uses
Firebase
installation IDs to determine which devices to deliver messages to.
Retention:
Firebase retains
Firebase
installation IDs
            until the Firebase customer
            makes an API call to delete the ID. After the call, data is removed from live and backup
            systems within 180 days.
Firebase Crashlytics
Crashlytics Installation UUIDs
Firebase installations ID
Crash traces
Breakpad minidump formatted data
(NDK crashes only)
How it helps:
Firebase Crashlytics uses crash stack
            traces to associate crashes with a project, send email alerts to
            project members and display them in the Firebase Console, and help
            Firebase customers debug crashes. It uses Crashlytics Installation
            UUIDs to measure the number of users impacted by a crash and
            minidump data to process NDK crashes. The minidump data is stored
            while the crash session is being processed and then discarded. The
            Firebase installation ID enables upcoming features that will enhance
            crash reporting and crash management services. Refer to
Examples of stored device information
for more detail on the types of user information gathered.
Retention:
Firebase Crashlytics keeps crash stack traces,
            extracted minidump data, and associated identifiers (including
            Crashlytics Installation UUIDs and Firebase installation IDs) for 90 days before
            starting the process of removing it from live and backup systems.
Note:
Firebase Crashlytics stores minidump data only temporarily in order to
            process NDK crashes.
Firebase Dynamic Links
Device specs (iOS)
IP Addresses (iOS)
How it helps:
Dynamic Links uses device specs and IP addresses on iOS to open
            newly-installed apps to a specific page or context.
Retention:
Dynamic Links only stores device specs and IP addresses temporarily, to
            provide the service.
Firebase Hosting
IP addresses
How it helps:
Hosting uses IP addresses of incoming requests to detect
            abuse and provide customers with detailed analysis of usage data.
Retention:
Hosting retains IP data for a few months.
Firebase Performance Monitoring
Firebase
installation IDs
IP addresses
How it helps:
Performance Monitoring
uses
Firebase
installation IDs
            to calculate the number of unique Firebase installations that access network resources,
            to ensure that access patterns are sufficiently anonymous. It also uses
Firebase
installation IDs with
Firebase Remote Config
to manage the rate of performance event reporting. Additionally, it uses IP
            addresses to map performance events to the countries they originate from. For more
            information, see
Data collection
.
Retention:
Performance Monitoring
keeps IP-associated
            events for 30 days, and it keeps installation-associated and de-identified performance
            data for 60 days before starting the process of removing it from live and backup
            systems.
Firebase In-App Messaging
Firebase
installation IDs
How it helps:
Firebase In-App Messaging
uses
Firebase
installation IDs to determine which devices to deliver messages to.
Retention:
Firebase retains
Firebase
installation IDs
            until the Firebase customer
            makes an API call to delete the ID. After the call, data is removed from live and backup
            systems within 180 days.
Firebase Realtime Database
IP addresses
User agents
How it helps:
Realtime Database uses IP addresses and user agents to
            enable the
profiler
            tool
, which helps Firebase customers understand usage trends and platform
            breakdowns.
Retention:
Realtime Database keeps IP addresses and user agent
            information for a few days, unless a customer chooses to save it for longer.
Firebase Remote Config
Firebase
installation IDs
How it helps:
Remote Config
uses
Firebase
installation IDs
            to select configuration
            values to return to end-user devices.
Retention:
Firebase retains
Firebase
installation IDs until the Firebase customer makes an API call to delete the
          ID. After the call, data is removed from live and backup systems within 180 days.
Firebase ML
Uploaded Images
installation auth tokens
How it helps:
The Cloud based APIs store uploaded images temporarily,
            to process and return the analysis to you. Stored images are typically deleted within a
            few hours. See the Cloud Vision
Data Usage FAQ
for more
            information.
installation auth tokens
are used by
Firebase ML
for device authentication when interacting with app
            instances, for example, to distribute developer models to app instances.
Retention:
installation auth tokens remain valid until their
            expiration date. The default token lifetime is one week.
Vertex AI in Firebase
Customer's inputs and outputs data sent and received from the AI model
How it helps:
Vertex AI in Firebase
uses Vertex AI's Generative AI
            API to predict content.
Retention:
During prediction, Google doesn't log Customer Data to
            generate a customer's output or train foundation models. By default, Google caches a
            customer's inputs and outputs for the Gemini models to accelerate responses to
            subsequent prompts from the customer.
See more details at
Generative
              AI and Data Governance | Generative AI on Vertex AI | Google Cloud
.
Examples of information collected by Crashlytics
An RFC-4122 UUID which permits us to deduplicate crashes
The Crashlytics Installation UUID
The Firebase installations ID (FID)
The Firebase session ID, which is a random UUID generated to tag events
      with a session
The timestamp of when the crash occurred
The app's bundle identifier and full version number
The device's operating system name and version number
A boolean indicating whether the device was jailbroken/rooted
The device's model name, CPU architecture, amount of RAM and disk
      space
The uint64 instruction pointer of every frame of every currently running
      thread
If available in the runtime, the plain-text method or function name
      containing each instruction pointer.
If an exception was thrown, the plain-text class name and message value
      of the exception
If a fatal signal was raised, its name and integer code
For each binary image loaded into the application, its name, UUID, byte
      size, and the uint64 base address at which it was loaded into RAM
A boolean indicating whether or not the app was in the background at the
      time it crashed
An integer value indicating the rotation of the screen at the time of
      crash
A boolean indicating whether the device's proximity sensor was
      triggered
The contents of
version-control-info.textproto
(only for Android apps
configured
        to use the version control system (VCS) integration
)
Examples of information collected by Performance Monitoring
The Firebase installations ID (FID)
The Firebase session ID, which is a random UUID generated to tag events
      with a session
General device information, such as model, OS, and orientation
RAM and disk size
CPU usage
Carrier (based on Mobile Country and Network Code)
Radio/Network information (for example, WiFi, LTE, 3G)
Country (based on IP address)
Locale/language
App version
App foreground or background state
App package name
Firebase
installation IDs
Duration times for automated traces
Network URLs (not including URL parameters or payload content)
      and the following corresponding information:
Response codes (for example, 403, 200)
Payload size in bytes
Response times
See a
full list
of the
    automatic traces collected by
Performance Monitoring
.
Note:
For more info on deleting data associated with installations, see
Delete a Firebase installation
.
Guides for enabling opt-in for end-user data processing
Services in the table above need some amount of end-user data to function. As a
result, it's not possible to entirely disable data collection while using those
services.
If you're a customer who would like to offer users a chance to opt-in to a
service, and the data collection that comes with it, in most cases that just
requires adding a dialog or settings toggle before using the service.
Some services, however, start up automatically when included in an app. To give
users a chance to opt-in before using those services, you can choose to disable
auto-initialization for each service, and manually initialize them at run time
instead. To find out how, read the guides below:
Cloud Messaging
:
Prevent Auto-initialization (Android)
or
Prevent Auto-initialization (iOS+)
Crashlytics
:
Enable Opt-in Reporting (iOS+)
or
Enable Opt-in Reporting (Android)
Performance Monitoring
:
Enable Opt-in Monitoring
If you integrate Firebase with Google Analytics, learn how to
configure Analytics data collection
.
Data storage and processing locations
Unless a service or feature offers data location selection, Firebase may process
and store your data anywhere Google or its agents maintain facilities. Potential
facility locations vary by service.
US-only services
The
Firebase Authentication
service is run only from US data centers. As a result,
Firebase Authentication
processes data exclusively in the United States.
Global services
The majority of Firebase services run on global Google infrastructure.
They could process data at any of the
Google Cloud Platform locations
or
Google data center locations
.
For some services, you can make a specific data location selection, which
restricts processing to that location (for more information, see the
service specific terms
of the Google Cloud Platform Terms of Service).
Cloud Firestore
Firebase Crashlytics
Firebase ML
Cloud Functions for Firebase
Firebase Dynamic Links
Firebase Performance Monitoring
Cloud Storage for Firebase
Firebase Hosting
Firebase Remote Config
Firebase App Check
Firebase App Distribution
Firebase In-App Messaging
Firebase Test Lab
Firebase Cloud Messaging
Security information
Data encryption
Firebase services encrypt data in transit using HTTPS and logically isolate
customer data.
In addition, several Firebase services also encrypt their data at rest:
Cloud Firestore
Firebase Authentication
Firebase Performance Monitoring
Cloud Functions for Firebase
Firebase Cloud Messaging
Firebase Realtime Database
Cloud Storage for Firebase
Firebase Crashlytics
Firebase Test Lab
Firebase App Check
Firebase App Distribution
Security practices
To keep personal data safe, Firebase employs extensive security measures to
minimize access:
Firebase restricts access to a select employees who have a business purpose to access personal data.
Firebase logs employee access to systems that contain personal data.
Firebase only permits access to personal data by employees who sign in with Google Sign-In and
2-factor authentication
.
Firebase Service Data
Firebase Service Data is personal information that Google collects and generates
during the provision and administration of the Firebase services
*
,
excluding Customer Data
**
as defined in our customer agreements
covering Firebase services and
Google Cloud Service Data
.
Examples of Firebase Service Data include information about service usage,
resource identifiers like application IDs and package name/bundle IDs, technical
and operational details of usage such as IP addresses, and direct communications
with developers from feedback and support related conversations.
*Services covered include Firebase A/B Testing, Firebase App Distribution,
  Firebase Cloud Messaging, Firebase Crashlytics, Firebase Dynamic Links,
  Firebase Hosting, Firebase In-App Messaging, Firebase ML,
  Firebase Performance Monitoring, Firebase Realtime Database,
  Firebase Remote Config, and Firebase User Segmentation Storage.
**For more information about how we process Customer Data, see our
Firebase Data Processing and Security
  Terms
.
Examples of how Firebase Service Data is processed by Firebase
Google uses Firebase Service Data in accordance with our
privacy policy
and applicable terms.
Firebase Service Data is used, for example, to:
Provide Firebase services you request
Make recommendations to optimize use of Firebase services
Maintain and improve Firebase services
Provide and improve other services you request
Understand your use of Firebase and other Google services
Provide better support to and communicate with you
Protect you, our users, the public and Google
Comply with legal obligations
Firebase Service Data use by non-Firebase Google services
You can control whether your Firebase Service Data may be used by Google to
provide more in depth analysis, insights, and recommendations about
non-Firebase
Google services and improve
non-Firebase
Google services.
You can configure this in your Firebase data privacy settings page.
If this control is disabled, Firebase Service Data will continue to be used
for other purposes, such as those mentioned above, in accordance with our
privacy policy
and applicable terms, including
to make recommendations about and improve
Firebase
services, and to deliver
and improve other services you request, such as Google products you link to your
Firebase project.
Still have questions? Contact us
For any privacy-related questions you have that aren't covered here,
reach out to Firebase Support
. If you're a Firebase developer, include your Firebase App ID. Find your Firebase App ID in the
Your apps
card of your
settings
Project
settings
.
Send feedback
Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 License
, and code samples are licensed under the
Apache 2.0 License
. For details, see the
Google Developers Site Policies
. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.
Last updated 2025-03-04 UTC.
Sub-policy 10
https://www.plivo.com/legal/privacy/:
Consent
Details
[#IABV2SETTINGS#]
About
Cookie consent
We use cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. By clicking 'Accept', you consent to our use of cookies as outlined in our
Privacy Policy
. You can manage your preferences and opt-out at any time.
Consent Selection
Necessary
Preferences
Statistics
Marketing
Show details
Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies.
Cookiebot
1
Learn more about this provider
1.gif
Used to count the number of sessions to the website, necessary for optimizing CMP product delivery.
DocuSign
2
Learn more about this provider
__mp_opt_in_out_#
Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain
ASP.NET_SessionId
Preserves the visitor's session state across page requests.
Github
2
Learn more about this provider
_gh_sess
Preserves users states across page requests.
logged_in
Registers whether the user is logged in. This allows the website owner to make parts of the website inaccessible, based on the user's log-in status.
Google
6
Learn more about this provider
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
test_cookie
Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies.
_grecaptcha
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website.
rc::a
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website.
rc::b
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots.
rc::c
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots.
rc::f
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots.
LinkedIn
2
Learn more about this provider
bcookie
Used in order to detect spam and improve the website's security.
li_gc
Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain
Zapier
1
Learn more about this provider
visitor_id
Preserves the visitor's session state across page requests.
aplo-evnt.com
1
GCLB
This cookie is used in context with load balancing - This optimizes the response rate between the visitor and the site, by distributing the traffic load on multiple network links or servers.
apollo.io
calendly.com
g2.com
g2crowd.com
hsadspixel.net
hs-banner.com
t.co
vimeo.com
13
__cf_bm [x13]
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website.
app.cal.com
1
nextauth.message
Preserves users states across page requests.
cal.com
1
__Secure-next-auth.callback-url
Used in order to detect spam and improve the website's security.
calendly.com
hsforms.com
maxmind.com
vimeo.com
5
_cfuvid [x5]
This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators.
cdn.jsdelivr.net
1
algoliasearch-client-js
Necessary in order to optimize the website's search-bar function. The cookie ensures accurate and fast search results.
cdn.prod.website-files.com
2
__ptq.gif
Sends data to the marketing platform Hubspot about the visitor's device and behaviour. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
hubspotutk
Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes.
docs.plivo.com
consent.cookiebot.com
2
CookieConsent [x2]
Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain
us-assets.i.posthog.com
app.posthog.com
3
dmn_chk_# [x3]
Pending
www.plivo.com
1
debug
This cookie is used to detect errors on the website - this information is sent to the website's support staff in order to optimize the visitor's experience on the website.
www.recaptcha.net
1
_GRECAPTCHA
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website.
x.clearbitjs.com
3
pfjs%3Acookies
Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies.
cb_group_properties
Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement.
cb_user_traits
Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement.
Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region you are in.
78xmg4.csb.app
1
country
The cookie determines the preferred language and country-setting of the visitor - This allows the website to show content most relevant to that region and language.
LinkedIn
1
Learn more about this provider
lidc
Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience.
Tenor
1
Learn more about this provider
countryCode
This cookie is used to determine the preferred country setting selected by the visitor.
unpkg.com
1
keyval-store#keyval
Used to maintain visitors' preferences throughout the visit and sub-pages.
Statistic cookies help website owners understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously.
Adobe Inc.
1
Learn more about this provider
p.gif
Keeps track of special fonts used on the website for internal analysis. The cookie does not register any visitor data.
G2Crowd
1
Learn more about this provider
g2tracking
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
Github
1
Learn more about this provider
_octo
Pending
Google
1
Learn more about this provider
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
_dc_gtm_UA-#
Used by Google Tag Manager to control the loading of a Google Analytics script tag.
Heap Analytics
4
Learn more about this provider
_hp2_#
Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner.
_hp2_hld#.#
Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner.
_hp2_id.#
Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner.
_hp2_ses_props.#
Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner.
Hotjar
5
Learn more about this provider
hjActiveViewportIds
This cookie contains an ID string on the current session. This contains non-personal information on what subpages the visitor enters – this information is used to optimize the visitor's experience.
hjViewportId
Saves the user's screen size in order to adjust the size of images on the website.
_hjSession_#
Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read.
_hjSessionUser_#
Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read.
_hjTLDTest
Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator.
New Relic
1
Learn more about this provider
NRBA_SESSION
Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner.
Twitter Inc.
1
Learn more about this provider
personalization_id
Pending
Vimeo
1
Learn more about this provider
vuid
Collects data on the user's visits to the website, such as which pages have been read.
cdn.prod.website-files.com
3
__hssc
Identifies if the cookie data needs to be updated in the visitor's browser.
__hssrc
Used to recognise the visitor's browser upon reentry on the website.
__hstc
Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes.
x.clearbitjs.com
1
cb%3Atest
Collects data on the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded with the purpose of generating reports for optimising the website content.
Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user.
Meta Platforms, Inc.
3
Learn more about this provider
lastExternalReferrer
Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address.
lastExternalReferrerTime
Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address.
_fbp
Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers.
DocuSign
3
Learn more about this provider
mp_#_mixpanel [x2]
Pending
__mpq_#_#
Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant.
Giphy Support
1
Learn more about this provider
giphyPingbackId
Used to track the visitor's usage of GIFs - This serves for analytical and marketing purposes.
Google
18
Learn more about this provider
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
_ga [x4]
Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
_ga_# [x3]
Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
_gcl_au [x3]
Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services.
IDE
Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user.
NID
Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device. The ID is used for targeted ads.
pagead/1p-conversion/#/
Pending
pagead/1p-user-list/#
Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites.
collect
Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
_gat
Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
_gid [x2]
Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
Heap Analytics
1
Learn more about this provider
h
Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant.
Microsoft
8
Learn more about this provider
_uetsid
Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences.
_uetsid_exp
Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name.
_uetvid
Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences.
_uetvid_exp
Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name.
MSPTC
This cookie registers data on the visitor. The information is used to optimize advertisement relevance.
MUID
Used widely by Microsoft as a unique user ID. The cookie enables user tracking by synchronising the ID across many Microsoft domains.
_uetsid
Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement.
_uetvid
Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences.
Quora
1
Learn more about this provider
_/ad/75aa344edeef4dbfa3b3dd7cb5f40e6f/pixel
Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant.
Twitter Inc.
6
Learn more about this provider
1/i/adsct [x2]
Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant.
muc_ads
Pending
guest_id
Collects data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and which pages have been loaded, with the purpose of personalising and improving the Twitter service.
guest_id_ads
Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website.
guest_id_marketing
Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website.
YouTube
34
Learn more about this provider
#-# [x2]
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
iU5q-!O9@[#COOKIETABLE_ADVERTISING#]nbsp;[x2]
Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen.
LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY [x2]
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
nextId
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
requests
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
yt.innertube::nextId
Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen.
ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY [x2]
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
YtIdbMeta#databases [x2]
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
yt-remote-cast-available [x2]
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-cast-installed [x2]
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-connected-devices [x2]
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-device-id [x2]
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-fast-check-period [x2]
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-session-app [x2]
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-session-name [x2]
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
__Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN
Pending
LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
remote_sid
Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website.
ServiceWorkerLogsDatabase#SWHealthLog
Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website.
TESTCOOKIESENABLED
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE
Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos.
YSC
Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen.
x.clearbitjs.com
4
__tld__
Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences.
cb_anonymous_id
Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement.
cb_group_id
Collects data on visitors. This information is used to assign visitors into segments, making website advertisement more efficient.
cb_user_id
Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement.
Unclassified
54
Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies.
DocuSign
5
Learn more about this provider
mp_docusign_components [x2]
Pending
__AntiXsrfMemberToken
Pending
MemberConsoleMobile
Pending
pvm
Pending
Google
1
Learn more about this provider
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
_gcl_ls
Pending
Zapier
1
Learn more about this provider
zapier.visitor_id
Pending
app.cal.com
4
__clnds
Pending
embed-theme-30min:plivoai
Pending
timeOption.is24hClock
Pending
toggledConnectedCalendars
Pending
app.factors.ai
25
_fai__ga_YLW0ZWN2T7
Pending
_fai_GA
Pending
_faireq_17409345887200.05855104561603253
Pending
_faireq_17409346150300.6399883364044361
Pending
_faireq_17409355599870.6779807840020962
Pending
_faireq_17409444734170.7983324414497222
Pending
_faireq_17409445351560.0382317043288416
Pending
_faireq_17409445362800.24117547092855274
Pending
_faireq_17409445912870.6578580994707453
Pending
_faireq_17409454564030.05793727501411805
Pending
_faireq_17409463032740.13278066163323188
Pending
_faireq_17409463355580.366267726798458
Pending
_faireq_17409463407490.5851451187436649
Pending
_faireq_17409463644010.19654393718372476
Pending
_faireq_17409463709890.7856309795948637
Pending
_faireq_17409471907960.0274293234059666
Pending
_faireq_17409471963900.03195531600560697
Pending
_faireq_17409480818360.04684829456249284
Pending
_faireq_17409480827720.6844780582630923
Pending
_faireq_17409480937630.6326425451726727
Pending
_faireq_17409481626920.7196443899405571
Pending
_faireq_17409490266490.36706094927491817
Pending
_faireq_17409490646190.2892405701069669
Pending
_fuid
Pending
try_get_old_cookie
Pending
app.launchnotes.io
1
_launchnotes_session
Pending
app.posthog.com
2
ph_#_primary_window_exists
Pending
ph_#_window_id
Pending
assets.apollo.io
2
apolloAnonId
Pending
eventQueue
Pending
cal.com
1
__Secure-next-auth.csrf-token
Pending
cdn.jsdelivr.net
1
6565737286e587567248583f#pages
Pending
contacto-hubspot-master.netlify.app
1
ipData
Pending
docs.plivo.com
3
IntercomEventCount
Pending
preferredLanguage
Pending
preferredLanguage2
Pending
us-assets.i.posthog.com
app.posthog.com
4
ph_#_posthog [x4]
Pending
www.plivo.com
3
campaign_first
Pending
campaign_latest
Pending
plivo_session
Pending
Cross-domain consent
[#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS_COUNT#]
[#BULK_CONSENT_TITLE#]
List of domains your consent applies to:
[#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS#]
Cookie declaration last updated on 3/2/25 by
Cookiebot
[#IABV2_TITLE#]
[#IABV2_BODY_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_LEGITIMATE_INTEREST_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PREFERENCE_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_PURPOSES#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_FEATURES#]
[#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_PARTNERS#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS#]
Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient.
The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. For all other types of cookies we need your permission.
This site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages.
You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from the Cookie Declaration on our website.
Learn more about who we are, how you can contact us and how we process personal data in our Privacy Policy.
Please state your consent ID and date when you contact us regarding your consent.
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Do not sell my personal information
Allow selection
Cookie settings
Allow cookies
Support
Log in
Products
API Suite
A host of API products offering diverse, modular, & standardized functionalities for seamless application integration.
SMS API
Programmatically send and receive text messages.
WhatsApp Business API
Automate customer engagement on WhatsApp
Verify API
Verify users globally with a multi-channel 2FA solution.
Voice API
Integrate voice calling within your applications.
CX Suite
One powerful platform to power your CX.
Explore Plivo CX
Service
Provide service on channels your customers prefer.
Engage
Increase revenue with omnichannel campaigns.
API Suite
SMS API
Programmatically send and receive text messages.
Verify API
Verify users globally with a multi-channel 2FA solution.
WhatsApp Business API
Automate customer engagement on WhatsApp
Voice API
Integrate voice calling within your applications.
CX Suite
Explore Plivo CX
Service
Provide service on channels your customers prefer.
Engage
Increase revenue with omnichannel campaigns.
Use Cases
Use Cases
Use Cases
Use Cases
AI Voice Agents
2FA/OTP
Call Forwarding
Alerts/Notifications
Cloud IVR
SMS Marketing
Number Masking
Voice Notifications
Industries
Healthcare
Finance
Hospitality
Retail
Government
Business Types
Enterprise
Startup
Nonprofit
Developers
Documentation
Service Status
Knowledge Base
Product Updates
Support
Customers
Resources
Resources
Content Library
Blog
Guides
Glossary
Privacy and Security
Pricing
Pricing
PRODUCTS
SMS API
Programmatically send and receive text messages.
WhatsApp Business API
Automate customer engagement on WhatsApp
Verify API
Verify users globally with a multi-channel 2FA solution.
Voice API
Integrate voice calling within your applications.
DETAILED PLANS AND PRICING
Phone Numbers
Local, mobile, and toll-free numbers worldwide.
Zentrunk SIP Trunking
Cloud SIP Trunking for your VoIP infrastructure.
DETAILED PLANS AND PRICING
Support Plans
Premium support plans offer guaranteed response times.
View All Pricing
Compare all product and add-on pricing in one place.
Support
Login
REQUEST TRIAL
GET VOLUME PRICING
REQUEST TRIAL
GET VOLUME PRICING
Legal
Terms
Privacy
Acceptable Use Policy
Supplemental Terms
Subprocessors
Service Level & Support
Services Schedule
Additional Service Terms
Supplemental Terms
Additional Service Terms
Supplemental Terms
Responsible Disclosure Policy
Guidelines
Scope
Out of Scope
Things we do not want to receive
How to report a security vulnerability
Law Enforcement Guidelines
Plivo Security Overview
Copyright Infringement Notification
Privacy Policy
Last updated on 11th September, 2024
(view the prior version of our privacy policy
here
.)
This notice explains how Plivo Inc. ("Plivo," "we," "us") manages and protects your personal data. We want to make sure that you fully understand the nature of the personal data we need from you to serve you better, how we use and safeguard your personal data, and why the collection and processing of your personal data is necessary when you interact with us.
What does this Notice cover?
This notice applies to all personal data collected via the use of our website(s), applications, products and services, through communication with Plivo, and by any other means through which you provide personal data to us, directly or indirectly.
This notice does not cover personal data collected about employees or job applicants.
What is personal data?
It is important to understand what we mean by "personal data." Personal data refers to any information related to an individual that can identify them, either directly or indirectly. This means that, in some cases, a single element of information may not identify you, but several pieces together will and, if they do, then they are considered personal data. Examples of personal data include your name, identification numbers, location, factors specific to your physical, mental, economic or social identity, among others.
What personal data protection and privacy regulations does Plivo comply with?
Because we serve customers globally, we comply with various data protection and privacy regulations around the world, such as the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), U.S. state privacy laws including the California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA), and others. We understand that we live in a fully interconnected world, and we want to assure you that Plivo is committed to protecting the personal data of all our customers and visitors to our websites, regardless of their location.
Plivo wants you to know that we always respect your privacy rights, and we are constantly looking for better ways to protect you and serve you better.
Is Plivo a data controller or a data processor?
Some data protection regulations differentiate between a data controller and a data processor. A data controller is an organization that determines how to collect and process personal data whereas a data processor is an organization that collects and processes personal data on the data controller’s behalf and under the data controller’s instructions.
Plivo is both a data controller and a data processor.
As a controller, Plivo collects and processes personal data from visitors to the Plivo’s website(s) and from customers that sign up for our products and services. In this context, Plivo determines how this personal data is collected, processed and shared.
As a data processor, Plivo collects and processes personal data from end users of Plivo’s registered customers and only does so as per customer’s requirements. Even if we are not making decisions about how personal data is being processed, we continue to protect the personal data collected by us, at all times.
How does Plivo collect and process your personal data?
To provide you with an optimal web experience, along with high-quality products and services, it is necessary for us to collect and process your personal data.
We categorize your personal data into four types: Account Data, Usage Data, Content Data, and Visitor Data.
Account data:
This includes all personal data collected to manage your Plivo account. It includes information necessary for providing support and billing for our services.
Usage data:
This includes all personal data collected when you utilize our products and services, such as making calls, the duration of those calls, and whether you are using voice or text services, among other usage details.
Content data:
This refers to all personal data collected within the service, including details of emails, SMS/Voice messages, and any AI-generated content created and sent by Plivo customers.
Visitor data:
This is all personal data collected when you visit our website, applications and when you sign up to receive communications from Plivo.
The following table details the types of personal data we collect, how we process it, the products and services for which your personal data is utilized, how we classify your personal data, and, in accordance with personal data protection regulations, the legal basis for processing your personal data.
Personal data collected
Product
Personal data processing
Type of personal data
Legal basis for processing
Contact data (name, address, email, company, phone number, IP address)
API & CX Suite
This data is used throughout your relationship with Plivo including opening an account, managing your account, giving you support, providing you with discussion boards and communicating with you
Account data
We process your information to fulfill our obligations to you as part of your contract with Plivo
Your feedback about our service
API & CX Suite
In order to continuously improve our products and services, we collect your feedback through surveys, remarks and ratings for the calls and messages on your account
Account data
We process your information to fulfill our obligations to you as part of your contract with Plivo
Sending and receiving phone numbers and text content
API & CX Suite
We use this data to be able to provide you with SMS and MMS texting services
Usage data
Content data
We process your information to fulfill our obligations to you as part of your contract with Plivo
Conversation details
Plivo CX
We use this data to transcribe calls, for your analysis of conversation details, review of notes taken during calls and to listen to call recordings for coaching purposes
Usage data
Content data
We process your information to fulfill our obligations to you as part of your contract with Plivo
End user contact information (Name, Phone number, Email address, Location)
API & CX Suite
This data is used to provide our services to customers and for insight and analytics purposes.
Usage data
Content data
We process your information to fulfill our obligations to you as part of your contract with Plivo
Customer details and activity synchronization
Plivo CX
Transfer of personal data to your CRM system as part of the CRM integration that Plivo CX offers
Usage data
Content data
We process your information to fulfill our obligations to you as part of your contract with Plivo
Your current phone numbers
Plivo Phone Number
If you want to transfer (port) your number to Plivo, we need your phone numbers to perform this transfer for you
Account data
We process your information to fulfill our obligations to you as part of your contract with Plivo
Voice recording
Plivo Voice API & Plivo CX
As part of our services, we store voice recordings for you, we provide you with the option to turn text into speech and we provide you with other services such as call forwarding, call conferencing and IVR
Usage data
Content data
We process your information to fulfill our obligations to you as part of your contract with Plivo
Payment management
API & CX Suite
In order to pay for our services, we need information about your payment method. We also keep history of your usage and payments for you to be able to verify our charges and if necessary, dispute any billing
Usage data
Account data
We process your information to fulfill our obligations to you as part of your contract with Plivo
Email address, name
Plivo Website(s)
If you are interested in hearing from us, you may sign up for our newsletter.
Also, if you want to download any of our white papers, you may share your contact information with us so that we can follow up with you based on your interests.
You may opt out of these communications at any time
Visitor data
This is a legitimate interest on our part to ensure that we are giving you the right information and to engage with you
IP address
API & CX Suite
We collect this data when your application makes Messaging API requests to Plivo. We use this to understand who is using our services and how, and to detect, prevent, and investigate fraud, abuse, or security incidents.
Usage data
Account data
This is a legitimate interest on our part to ensure that we use this information to detect and control fraud or abuse.
Cookie tracking including IP address, device type, location
Plivo Website(s)
We use cookies to provide you with a better web experience and to serve you with relevant ads.
You may opt out of cookies at any time.
Visitor data
This is a legitimate interest on our part to continuously improve our website content and navigation as well as the relevance of ads you may find on other sites.
By themselves, cookies do not identify you specifically. They know your web browser. So, unless you have identified yourself specifically to Plivo, like signing into your account or filling out a form with your information, Plivo would not specifically identify you just because you visited our website.
How does Plivo share your personal data?
As part of the products and services that Plivo offers to you, we need to share your personal data with our employees and some other third-parties that help Plivo deliver our products and services or when necessary for our suppliers to provide services to us. We always make sure that we share your personal data when it is absolutely necessary to give you the best products and services and we ensure that we do so in a safe and controlled way.
The following table explains who the parties are that we share your personal data with and the purposes why they need access to your personal data.
Entity
Purpose
Telecom carriers
Carriers require your personal data including your phone number and the content of your message or call.
Plivo’s sub-processors
These are companies that provide services to Plivo such as storage and infrastructure, payment services, support processing, data analysis.
Refer to our
sub-processor page
for a list of these service providers.
Compliance with legal obligations
To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, governmental regulations, or other legal processes or where we need to protect a legitimate business interest such as fighting against fraud that harms our rights.
Plivo will use reasonable efforts to notify you of the disclosure requirement, unless prohibited by law or if disclosure is required under exigent circumstances. Exigent circumstances are when there is a request for disclosure from a government or law enforcement agency, where there is a threat of death or serious bodily injury to a person and Plivo may have the required information to prevent it. We will review these requests in line with the applicable law and our policies, before disclosure.
Third-party advertising companies
We share cookie and pixel information with third-party advertisers that are used for their own marketing efforts. You may always opt-out of this sharing by using our cookie consent tool.
We share encrypted email addresses with third-party advertisers for our own marketing efforts. You may opt-out of this sharing by emailing us at
privacy@plivo.com
Except for the information specified above, we do not share any other data to any third-party advertisers including but not limited to phone numbers, opt outs, consents or any mobile information.
How does Plivo protect your personal data?
Plivo takes the protection and security of your personal data very seriously. We use physical, organizational, technical, and administrative measures to safeguard your personal data, and regularly re-assess and revise our policies and practices to improve security measures to protect personal data and seek to partner with organizations that do the same.
Please remember that no data transmission over the Internet, whether wired or wireless, is 100% secure, therefore we cannot fully guarantee the security of information transmitted to Plivo and cannot be responsible for the actions of any third-party that may intercept any such information. Once we receive your data, we commit to making all reasonable efforts to protect it to ensure it resides securely in our systems.
As a global organization, we may need to transfer your personal data to Plivo affiliates, contractors, service providers, and to third parties in countries outside of the United States. In such cases, we take care to use appropriate safeguards to ensure your personal data remains protected.
If you believe that your personal data may have been compromised by Plivo or by using Plivo’s website, products or services, please contact us using the details in the “contact information” section of this notice. We will be happy to assist you.
Where does Plivo store your personal data?
The personal data that Plivo receives from you resides in different locations around the globe. Plivo is currently certified under the EU-US Privacy Shield framework, which means that the EU authorities allow us to transfer your personal data into our locations in the US.
For personal data stored in the US at any of our third-party providers, Plivo ensures that we solely work with US third-party providers that comply with the EU-US Privacy Shield framework.
For personal data stored in other regions, we ensure that we have the appropriate international transfer mechanism in place such as Standard Contractual Clauses.
And keeping in line with our commitment to protect your personal data, Plivo ensures that all third-party providers we work with sign a Data Processing Agreement to ensure that they will protect your personal data according to Plivo’s expectations.
Rights over your personal data
Privacy and data protection regulations such as the GDPR and the CPRA grant you with rights that you can exercise over the personal data that organizations like Plivo collect and manage about you. At Plivo we believe in providing these rights to all of our customers regardless of where they are located in the world. Every Plivo customer has the same rights over their personal data.
Unless there are clear exceptions because of legal or regulatory requirements, we will work to ensure that your requests are addressed within 30 days. These are the requests you may contact Plivo about:
You have the right to access the personal data that Plivo maintains about you, including the categories of data and how Plivo collects, processes and shares your personal data.
You have the right to request deletion of your personal data, update or correct your data, object to processing of your data, ask us to restrict processing of your data or request portability of your data. In each case we will inform you of the consequences of your request and if there are any exemptions to honoring your request based on legal, regulatory or contractual requirements.
If Plivo has collected and processed your personal data based on your explicit consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing Plivo conducted prior to your withdrawal.
You have the right to be notified about a data breach that may impact the integrity, availability or confidentiality of your personal data. Refer to our data breach notification section for more details.
You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about Plivo’s collection and processing of your personal data. However, we would appreciate it if you give us the opportunity to deal with your complaint internally before contacting a data protection authority.
You have the ability to access, update or delete your personal data if you log into your account. Furthermore, you also have the ability to withdraw your consent to any marketing communications you have signed up for.
If you want to directly manage your personal data through the Plivo account and don’t know how to do this, refer to our articles about how to
manage
your account or how to
close
your account.
In order to exercise any of the rights you have over your personal data or if you are not able to complete your request directly through your account, please send an email to
privacy@plivo.com
Once we receive your request, we will contact you to provide acknowledgement and request further information if required. We will never discriminate against you for exercising your personal data rights.
Automated decision-making
Plivo has implemented automated decision-making rules to monitor payments and account activity to minimize the possibility of fraud. If we find suspicious activity that we believe is fraudulent we will suspend the payment or the account and will notify you. You will be able to exercise your right to object where we will explain to you the rationale that we followed for our decision.
Personal data breach notification
Plivo, as part of our security and data protection measures, has implemented processes to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
Should we learn of a security breach that affects your personal data, we will notify you in order to explain how this breach may affect you and to provide you with any advice on how to protect yourself. We will contact you through the email address we have on file or by posting a notice on our website.
Plivo’s personal data retention period
Due to telecommunications and other regulations, we generally retain all the data that you generate as part of your relationship with Plivo for seven (7) years after you close your account, unless otherwise required by legal, security or other requirements in accordance with the applicable law.
Plivo’s Data Processing Addendum
In our role as a processor, we are happy to provide you with a Data Processing Addendum (or DPA) where we commit to safeguarding the personal data that we will process on your behalf, will support you on any request you may receive from individuals or Data Protection Authorities and will ensure that we process personal data according to personal data protection regulations such as the General Data Protection Regulation in the EU.
Plivo’s Contact information
If you have any further questions about how Plivo collects, uses, discloses or protects your personal data or if you have any questions about this privacy notice, including any requests to exercise your personal data rights, you may contact our appointed Data Protection Officer using the details set out below.
Data Protection Officer
Kunle Adewumi
Email address:
privacy@plivo.com
+1 512 788 5087
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) – European Representative
Pursuant to Article 27 of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), Plivo has appointed European Data Protection Office (EDPO) as its GDPR Representative in the EU. You can contact EDPO regarding matters pertaining to the GDPR:
by using EDPO’s online request form:
https://edpo.com/gdpr-data-request/
by writing to EDPO at Avenue Huart Hamoir 71, 1030 Brussels, Belgium
UK General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) - UK Representative
Pursuant to Article 27 of the UK GDPR, Plivo has appointed EDPO UK Ltd as its UK GDPR representative in the UK. You can contact EDPO UK regarding matters pertaining to the UK GDPR:
by using EDPO’s online request form:
https://edpo.com/uk-gdpr-data-request/
by writing to EDPO UK at 8 Northumberland Avenue, London WC2N 5BY, United Kingdom
U.S Supplemental Privacy Notice
This section of the Privacy Notice describes the practices that we follow regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information of consumers in US states that have enacted privacy laws including but not limited to California, Colorado, Virginia, Utah, and Connecticut collectively referred to as “US State Privacy Laws”:
For California residents, “personal information” is broadly defined under the California Privacy Rights Act (the “CPRA”) to include, among other things, all information that can be directly or indirectly linked to an individual or household. In all cases, personal information does not include de-identified information, aggregate information that cannot be linked to a particular individual, or pseudonymised information.
Categories of Collected Personal Information
Plivo, for the purpose of our business or for the purpose of your interactions with our website, collects and uses the following categories of personal information:
Category
Examples
Online identifiers
IP address, account number, cookie ID
Contact
Name, address, country, phone number, email address, company name
Digital identity
Workstation type, browser, SIP trunk
Financial
Invoices, payment type, credit card details
Online activity
Browsing history, search history, website navigation and interaction
Plivo collects these categories of personal information from the following sources:
Directly from the individual the information is about.
Indirectly from an individual’s interaction with our website or our products.
We use and disclose personal information according to the purposes established in the sections
How does Plivo collect and process your personal data
and
How does Plivo share your personal data
.
Disclosures of personal information
Plivo has shared your personal information in the last twelve months on all categories identified and for the purposes described in this Privacy Notice.
Sale of personal information
Plivo may have collected publicly available personal information about you or obtained your information from third party providers. This information includes the industry, size, and other general information about your company such as URLs, in order to help Plivo understand our customers better. If you want to opt-out, you may email us at
privacy@plivo.com
.
Automated decision-making
Plivo has implemented
automated decision-making process
as described in the Section
Automated decision-making
above.
Your Privacy Rights
Individuals who reside in states with US State Privacy Laws have certain rights regarding the collection, use and disclosure of their Personal information. These rights vary by state. If the state in which you reside mandates it, we will provide you with the following rights:
Right to opt-out of sharing your Personal information for cross-context behavioral advertising or, in other states, to opt-out of targeted advertising;
Right to data portability, which means that you may request that we provide you a copy of specific pieces of Personal information we have collected about you in the past 12 months in an electronic format;
Right to request to know about the Personal information we process about you or acknowledge the processing of your Personal information;
Right to request that we correct your Personal information;
Right to request that we delete your Personal information;
Right to request that we limit the processing of your Sensitive Personal information;
Right to opt-out of the processing of your Sensitive Personal information;
Right to appeal the denial of a request; and
Right to lodge a complaint with the data protection authority in your jurisdiction.
For individuals in California, once we receive your request to disclose how Plivo has collected, used, and shared your Personal information in the last twelve months, we will verify your identity and provide the following information:
Categories of Personal information collected about you by Plivo.
Sources from which we obtained your Personal information.
Purposes for using your Personal information.
Third parties with whom we shared your Personal information.
Whether we sold or shared your Personal information for the benefit of Plivo.
We aim to respond to your requests within the established 45 days from receipt. If we require more time to respond, we will let you know within this period. We will deliver our response by mail or electronically, depending on your preference.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising your personal information rights.
Authorized agent
You may designate an authorized agent to make requests on your behalf. We will require verification that you did, in fact, authorize the agent. Unless the law requires otherwise, your authorized agent must provide contact details for you. We will contact you to confirm that you authorized the agent. Once you confirm, we will promptly respond to the rights request.
Exercising your privacy rights
To exercise your rights, you may contact us at privacy@plivo.com. In order to fulfill your request, we may require additional personal information for purposes of verifying your identity. If you make a request through your designated agent, we may require additional information from you to verify the authorization of your designated agent.
EU-US Data Privacy Framework
Data Privacy Framework Compliance. Plivo complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework program (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework program (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Plivo has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Plivo has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework program Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Plivo’s compliance with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF).    In compliance with the EU-US DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-US DPF and the Swiss-US DPF, Plivo commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information transferred to the United States pursuant to the DPF Principles. EU, UK and Swiss individuals with DPF inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-US DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-US DPF and the Swiss-US DPF should first contact our DPO here.
Plivo has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the DPF Principles concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-US DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-US DPF and the Swiss-US DPF to the American Arbitration Association / International Centre for Dispute Resolution (AAA / ICDR), an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit  https://go.adr.org/dpf_irm.html for more information or to file a complaint. The services of AAA / ICDR are provided at no cost to you.
If your DPF complaint cannot be resolved through the above channels, under certain conditions, you may invoke binding arbitration for some residual claims not resolved by other redress mechanisms. See
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/ANNEX-I-introduction-dpf?tabset-35584=2
Onward Transfers To Third Parties. Plivo’s accountability for personal data that it receives in the United States under the Data Privacy Frameworks and subsequently transfers to a third party is described in the Data Privacy Framework Principles. In particular, Plivo  remains responsible and liable under the Data Privacy Framework Principles if third-party agents that it engages to process personal data on its behalf do so in a manner inconsistent with the Principles, unless Plivo proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
Choices and Rights Over Your Personal Data. Pursuant to the Data Privacy Frameworks, EU, UK and Swiss individuals have the right to obtain our confirmation of whether we maintain personal information relating to you in the United States. Upon request, we will provide you with access to the personal information that we hold about you. You may also correct, amend, or delete the personal information we hold about you. An individual who seeks access, or who seeks to correct, amend, or delete inaccurate data transferred to the United States under the Data Privacy Frameworks, should direct their query to the Contact Information here.  If requested to remove data, we will respond within a reasonable timeframe.
We will provide an individual opt-out choice, or opt-in for sensitive data, before we share your data with third parties other than our agents, or before we use it for a purpose other than which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized. To request to limit the use and disclosure of your personal information, please submit a written request to the Contact Information here.
Questions and Assistance. For assistance or questions regarding this Privacy Policy or use of data in connection with the Plivo Cloud, you may email us at any time at
privacy@plivo.com
Sub-policy 11
https://www.twilio.com/legal/privacy:
Print this page
Customer and Partner Agreements
Terms of Service
Acceptable Use Policy
Service and Country Specific Requirements
Data Protection Addendum (DPA)
Security Overview
Service Level Agreements
Advisory Services Terms
Professional Services Terms
Twilio Marketplace Terms
Twilio Segment Customer Data Platform Destination Integration and Listing Terms
AI/ML Terms
European Electronic Communications Code Rights Waiver
Customer Name Changes and Assignments
Updates to Legal Terms and Conditions
Privacy
Data Privacy at Twilio
Privacy Notice
Binding Corporate Rules
Customer Proprietary Network Information (CPNI)
Sub-processors
GDPR
Customer Data Protection Addendum
Supplier Data Protection Addendum
Global Applicant Privacy Notice
Mobile Application Terms
Twilio Frontline End User App Terms
Twilio Authy App Terms
Supplier Agreements
Supplier Purchase Order Terms and Conditions
Country-Specific Terms
Supplier Data Protection Addendum
Supplier Code of Conduct
Intellectual Property
DMCA Policy
Trademark
Resources for Law Enforcement
Government Requests
Transparency Report
Civil Requests
Submit a request or subpoena
Code of Conduct & Ethics Hotline
Twilio Code of Conduct
Ethics and Whistleblower Hotline
Digital Promotions General Rules
Sweepstakes Rules
Customer Research and User Experience
Acknowledgement and Waiver
Legal Notices for Twilio's Web Site
Impressum (Germany)
Italy ALIAS Database Code of Conduct
Code of Conduct (Italy)
Twilio Privacy Notice
Last Updated
:
February 6, 2025
(View the prior version of our privacy notice
here
An icon of a outbound link arrow
)
Introduction
The Privacy program of Twilio Inc. and its
group companies
(‘Twilio’, ‘we’ or ‘our’) is built on our
Binding Corporate Rules
('BCRs'), which serve as our code of conduct that governs our global processing of personal data.
In order to provide products and services ('Services') to our customers and conduct our day-to-day business operations, including the operation of our websites, we collect, use and share, or otherwise process personal data about our customers, our customers’ authorized users ('end user') and their customers, our website visitors and business contacts.
Personal data
is any information that directly identifies you, such as your name and email address, or that indirectly identifies you, for example a phone number or device identifier.
The personal data we may collect and process about you varies depending on our relationship with you. We may have a direct relationship with you because you have set up an account or consented to receive marketing communications from us, or we may have an indirect relationship with you via your relationship with one of our customers; for example you may be their employee or their customer.
We take privacy, data protection and our legal obligations very seriously. We are committed to being transparent with you about how we use personal data. This Privacy Notice ('Notice') aims to describe our privacy practices in a clear, accessible and easy to understand way and to let you know how you can exercise your rights in relation to your data.
This Notice applies where Twilio processes personal data as a
data controller
, in connection with the Services we provide to our customers and the operation of our business, including our websites.  As a data controller, we determine the purpose (why) and means (how) of personal data processing and are ultimately responsible for the correct handling of your data, in accordance with applicable law.  This Notice describes our general privacy practices. Depending on how you interact with us or the specific services you use, additional privacy notices may apply. These supplemental notices will be provided to you at or before the time we collect your personal data. These supplemental notices should be read together with this Notice and are incorporated by reference.
This Notice
does not apply
to the Personal Data we process in relation to job applicants. This is covered by our
Global Applicant Privacy Notice
.
We also process personal data for most of our Services as a
data processor
. As a data processor, we process personal data related to our customers' employees, end users and customers on behalf of our customers to provide Services to them in accordance with their instructions. These instructions are set out in our customer agreements,
Data Protection Addendum
, service specific terms or through a customer's use or configuration of a product feature.  You should contact these organizations directly for information about how they process your personal data as a
data controller
and to exercise your rights in relation to that data.
Contents of our Privacy Notice
Personal Data We Process
How We Process Personal Data
How We Disclose Personal Data
International Data Transfers
How We Secure Personal Data
How Long We Retain Personal Data
Your Rights and Choices About Your Data
How To Exercise Your Rights and Choices
How We Use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Children
Automated Decision-Making
How to Contact Us
Changes to Our Privacy Notice
Twilio Product Privacy
Personal Data We Process
The personal data we collect about you depends on your relationship with us and the purposes for which we process that personal data. The following describes the types of personal data that we collected and disclosed for a business purpose in the preceding 12 months.
Personal Data You Share With Us Directly
Contact Information -
When you sign up for a Twilio, Sendgrid or Segment account and use any of our Services, request product information, ask for a call from our sales team, or participate in events, we ask you to provide us with your name, company name, business address, phone number, email address and other contact information. We also ask you to create a password and name your account (or accounts, if you have more than one).
Customer Account Data -
We process certain personal data to manage our relationship with you and administer you or your company’s account. This includes purchase history, names or contact information of individuals authorized to manage the Twilio account on behalf of our customer to set up, access and manage billing. We also collect personal data required to administer use of your account and the Services, and information to allow us to verify your identity for Know Your Customer or other identity verification purposes.
Customer Content -
We receive and store the content of communications received from you or our customers and other personal data uploaded to the Services or generated for our customers’ use as part of the Services, which we may be authorized by you or our customer to use, where necessary for specific legitimate business purposes and in accordance with applicable law.
Marketing and Contact Preferences -
We use information about how you would like to be contacted and choices you have made to send you marketing communications.
Payment Information -
In connection with Services you pay for, we ask you to provide our payment processor with your payment method information like a credit card or your Paypal account and your billing address. Our payment processor, acting on our behalf, gathers this so we can bill you for your use of our Services. Our payment processor will share your billing address with Twilio for this purpose.
Personalization Details -
Some of our products, such as our short code service, may require you to complete an application form by providing details about your or your company’s  intended use of the product to determine eligibility for these products.
Professional Information -
The information we process about you with respect to your employment or profession, including company, job title, email address, phone number and online business networking profile.
Subscriber Records -
For some of our communications products, we may also obtain proof of identity from you or our customer that includes a proof of address, name, physical address, or other identification information. For example, to use our
Trust Hub
or to obtain a phone number in certain countries, local law may require us to have a physical service address on file for the individual who will be using that Twilio number, whether that’s you or our customer's end user.
Support and Feedback -
When you interact with us on our websites including through our AI chatbots (e.g. our Help Center Assistant), over the phone or via email, we process the phone number or email address that you use, the content of your interaction and the feedback you provide about our Services. You may also provide us with feedback about our Services in surveys and questionnaires. We will let you know when a call may be recorded, in accordance with applicable law.
Personal Data We Generate or Collect Automatically
Communications Usage Data -
When you or our customers use Twilio communications products, we collect electronic communications metadata, such as phone numbers and routing information, the source and destination of a communication, location of the device generated in the context of delivering the communication, date, time, duration and type of communication, status of the message, error data and traffic records.
Device Information and IP Addresses -
When you use our account portal, we collect your IP address and device information through tracking technologies like cookies, web beacons, pixels, and similar technologies. We also collect IP addresses when you make requests to our APIs and in our server logs. Additionally, we collect information about your device, such as your computer or mobile device operating system type and version number, manufacturer and model, browser type, screen resolution, unique identifiers, and general location information such as city or town when you use our account portal.
We do not collect precise geolocation information.
Online Activity Information -
When you visit Twilio websites, including our web forms, we use tracking technologies such as cookies, web beacons, and pixels to collect the following data: your device and browser, time zone setting, web pages visited, products you view or search for, page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information, IP address.
Security Identifiers or SIDs -
When you sign up for an account with Twilio, we’ll automatically assign you and each of your accounts a unique security ID and generate an API token for each account. We keep a record of these credentials so we know it is you making the requests when your application makes requests to our API using these credentials.
Customer Proprietary Network Information -
When you use certain US voice-based communications services, Twilio collects information associated with your service usage. This includes information such as the number of phone calls, call destinations, call locations, type, and service configuration, and is known as Customer Proprietary Network Information ('CPNI'). CPNI does not include information such as your name, address, phone number, or the content of phone calls. We use CPNI to market Twilio-related Services to which you are not already subscribed unless you have exercised your right to opt out. For information about your CPNI choices, see the section “
Your Rights and Choices About Your Data
” below.
Personal Data Collected From Other Sources
Add-On Service Data -
In the event you purchase our Services through one of our
Add-On Partners
, they may share your personal data with us to fulfill their contractual obligations. Add-On Partners may share your personal data in the form of leads when you download Twilio content on the Add-On Partner’s website or you participate in events and webinars of which Twilio is a sponsor.
Professional Data -
We collect certain personal data such as employment or professional information from sources other than you. We may combine this data with other personal data that you share with us.
Publicly-Available Sources -
We may also use publicly-available information about you that we have gathered through services like LinkedIn, or we may obtain information about you or your company from third party providers, such as your industry, the size of your company, and your company’s website URL.
Social Media Data -
Social media service providers such as Google, LinkedIn, and Meta may provide us with information about you, in accordance with your privacy settings on those sites.
Telecommunication Data -
We receive communication-related data from telecommunications operators, aggregators and carriers that may include phone type, carrier history, SIM status and history, city and/or country where phone was first registered, contract and account type, IP address city and/or country and a validation result of personal data provided by our customer and whether it matches data held by the carrier.
How We Process Personal Data
The purposes for which we process personal depends on your relationship with us. We only use personal data that is necessary to fulfill the specified purposes listed below as applicable to you and in accordance with applicable data protection law.
Purpose
Personal Data Processed
Legal Basis for Processing
Creating and managing accounts, including verification of the identity of our customer’s end user for Know-Your-Customer (KYC) or identity verification purposes.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Customer Account Data
Online Activity Information
Payment Information
Professional Information
Subscriber Records
Security Identifier
Legitimate Interest
Legal Obligation
Carrying out Twilio’s core business operations, such as account administration, accounting, auditing and compliance, business analytics, filing taxes, finance, forecasting, consolidated management and reporting, product strategy and revenue planning.
Add-On Service Data
Professional Information
Customer Account Data
Support and Feedback
Customer Content
Communications Usage Data
Payment Information
Publicly Available Sources
Social Media Data
Legitimate Interest
Billing and relationship management.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Communications Usage Data
Payment Information
Legitimate Interest
Providing, optimizing and maintaining our Services and, platform, including debugging and troubleshooting.
Add-On Service Data
Subscriber Records
Online Activity Information
Communications Usage Data
Customer Content
Device Information and IP
Addresses
Security Identifier
Legitimate Interest
Preventing, detecting and investigating security incidents and managing the security of Twilio’s platform, services, websites and accounts.
Add-On Service Data
Communications Usage Data
Customer Content
Device Information and IP
Addresses
Online Activity Information
Payment Information
Subscriber Records
Telecommunication Data
Contact Information
Customer Account Data
Security Identifier
Legitimate Interest
Legal Obligation
Preventing, detecting, or investigating abuse or misuse of Twilio’s platform or Services , including spam, fraud, illegal activities, or violations of the
Twilio Acceptable Use Policy
,
or assisting telecommunications service providers, regulators, or law enforcement agencies with combating spam, fraud, or illegal activities.
Communications Usage Data
Customer Content
Customer Account Data
Contact Information
Device Information and IP
Addresses
Telecommunications Data
Security Identifier
Legitimate Interest
Legal Obligation
Determining eligibility for certain Services.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Payment Information
Personalization Details
Subscriber Records
Legitimate Interest
For routing and connectivity purposes to send messages on behalf of our customers, including transmitting, distributing and exchanging communications using phone numbers, either through the public switched telephone network or other communications networks.
Add-On Service Data
Communications Usage Data
Legitimate Interest
Providing customer support, including responding to your requests and communicating with you about your account and use of the services, including suspicious activity or security alerts.
Contact Information
Customer Account Data
Customer Content
Communications Usage Data
Professional Information
Support and Feedback
Security Identifier
Other personal data provided by requestor
Legitimate interest
Sending important notifications about our Services.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Customer Account Data
Legitimate Interest
Complying with legal and regulatory obligations, telecommunication service provider requirements and communications industry codes of practice.
Subscriber Records
Customer Content
Communications Usage Data
Customer Account Data
Legitimate Interest
Sending marketing communications in accordance with your marketing preferences.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Marketing and Contact Preferences
Professional Data
Publicly Available Sources
Social Media Data
Legitimate Interest
Consent
Analyzing your interest in our Services and delivering marketing campaigns that are relevant to you.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Marketing and Contact Preferences
Professional Data
Publicly Available Sources
Social Media Data
Security Identifier
Legitimate Interest
Consent
Deploying cookies and other tracking technologies in accordance with your online settings.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Marketing and Contact Preferences
Professional Data
Social Media Data
Legitimate Interest
Consent
Understanding how visitors navigate our websites, and tracking and optimizing the performance of our advertising activities.
Device Information
Online Activity Information
Publicly Available Sources
Social Media Data
Legitimate Interest
Understanding how customers are using our platform and improving the website navigation experience.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Marketing and Contact Preferences
Online Activity Information
Professional Data
Legitimate Interest
Consent
Conducting questionnaires and surveys to improve our Services and provide training to our employees.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Customer Account Data
Marketing and Contact Preferences
Personalization Details
Professional Data
Support and Feedback
Legitimate Interest
Consent
Managing your participation in our events and webinars and granting you access to whitepapers and on-demand resources.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Customer Account Data
Marketing and Contact Preferences
Professional Data
Support and Feedback
Legitimate Interest
Consent
Collecting sales insights and performing lead scoring.
Contact Information
Professional Data
Publicly Available Sources
Social Media Data
Legitimate Interest
Developing our business by updating, expanding, and analyzing our customer relationship records.
Contact Information
Marketing and Contact Preferences
Payment Information
Professional Data
Publicly Available Sources
Social Media Data
Legitimate Interest
Consent
Identifying potential job candidates.
Publicly Available Sources
Social Media Data
Legitimate Interest
Developing or improving our Services, including anonymizing, de-identifying, pseudonymizing and aggregating personal data for this purpose.
Communications Usage Data
Customer Content
Customer Account Data
Personalization Details
Support and Feedback
Legitimate Interest
As otherwise authorized by you or our customer in Service specific terms or through your or our customer’s use and configuration of features in a product.
Data used will vary based on customer authorization
Legitimate Interest
Protecting the health and safety of our employees, visitors and our properties.
Contact Information
Customer Account Data
Legal Obligation
Protecting the rights and freedoms of individuals, meeting legal or regulatory obligations, including complying with valid court orders, disclosure requests, subpoenas, and other appropriate legal mechanisms.
Add-On Service Data
Communications Usage Data
Customer Content
Device Information and IP
Addresses
Online Activity Information
Marketing and Contact Preferences
Payment Information
Subscriber Records
Telecommunication Data
Security Identifier
Legal Obligation
Legitimate Interest
How We Disclose Personal Data
We disclose personal data to third parties in limited circumstances in order to provide the Services and to otherwise run our business. Below are the different scenarios under which we may disclose your data to third parties.
Telecommunications Service Providers
Twilio’s communications products provide an easier way for developers to build applications that make use of the publicly switched telephone network ('PSTN') to send communications. Therefore, we engage with a global network of telecommunications operators, aggregators, carriers and other communication service providers (collectively, “telecommunications service providers”) as necessary to route and connect those communications from the sender to the intended recipient. How telecommunications service providers handle this data is generally determined by their own policies and local regulations.
Where telecommunications service providers transmit the content of a communication, they function neither as data controllers nor data processors, instead they act simply as a conduit to transmit communication content. In the event telecommunications services providers process any personal data for their own purposes such as communications metadata required to transmit the message, or for billing or fraud prevention purposes, they also act as data controllers.
We may have to share Subscriber Records with local government authorities or local telecommunications carriers that provide connectivity services. However, we don’t share subscriber records for purposes other than this, and we treat these records with our highest confidentiality.
Other Communications Service Providers
For proper routing and connectivity, Twilio also enables sending or receiving communications through communications service providers that do not use the PSTN, these are referred to as Over-the-Top ('OTT') communications service providers. If you or our customer chooses to use Twilio to send or receive communications by way of these providers, Twilio will disclose communications content and other data to these providers as necessary to route and connect those communications from the sender to the intended recipient. How those OTT communications service providers, as data controllers, handle this data is determined by their own policies and local regulations.
Third Party Service Providers
Twilio engages third-party vendors and service providers to carry out certain personal data processing functions on our behalf. These providers are limited to only accessing or using personal data to provide services to us and must provide reasonable assurances they will appropriately safeguard the data.
Add-On Partners
Add-ons are additional features, functionality or services offered by Twilio’s Add-on partners (who are third parties not affiliated with Twilio). Twilio may make Add-ons available through the Twilio Marketplace. Some Add-ons may need to access or collect some of your information, including personal data. If you choose to use an Add-on, Twilio will disclose your information to the Add-on partner so you can use the Add-on. Twilio does not control Add-on partners’ use of your information and their use of your information will be in accordance with their own policies. If you do not want your information to be disclosed to an Add-on partner, then you should not use the Add-on.
Twilio Group Members
We may disclose your personal data among Twilio Group Members. Twilio Group Members will only use the information as described in this Notice. Twilio Group Members are listed in Appendix 1 in our
Binding Corporate Rules
.
Compliance with Legal Obligations
We may disclose your personal data to a third party if:
If we reasonably believe that disclosure is compelled by applicable law, regulation, legal process, or a government request (including to meet national security, emergency services, or law enforcement requirements);
to enforce our agreements and policies;
to protect the security or integrity of our Services;
to protect ourselves, our other customers, or the public from harm or illegal activities, including security threats, spam and fraud; or
to respond to an emergency which we believe in good faith requires us to disclose data to assist in preventing a death or serious bodily injury.
For more details, please see the procedure laid out in our
Binding Corporate Rules
.
If Twilio is required by law to disclose any personal data about you, we will notify you or our customers of the disclosure requirement to the extent legally permitted and where Twilio determines such disclosure will not interfere with an ongoing investigation. Further, we object to information requests we do not believe were issued properly.
Business Transfers
In connection with a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar event, personal data about you may be part of the assets transferred or disclosed in connection with the due diligence for any such transaction. If required by law, we will notify you prior to such a transfer and provide you with information about any choices you may have with respect to your personal data.
Aggregated, Anonymized or De-identified Data
Aggregated, anonymized and de-identified data may be derived by Twilio from your personal data but is generally not considered personal data under data protection law as this data does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. We may use and disclose de-identified, anonymized or aggregated data to third parties. We do not disaggregate or reidentify de-identified data.
International Data Transfers
As a global organization, we may need to transfer your personal data to Twilio affiliates, contractors, service providers and third parties in various countries and jurisdictions around the world. When we transfer your personal data, we take care to use appropriate safeguards to ensure your personal data remains protected.
Data Transfers to the United States and Elsewhere
When you use our account portal, or our other Services, your personal data may be transferred to the United States, where our primary processing facilities are located, and possibly to other countries where we or our service providers operate.
Safeguards for Data Transfers
Twilio employs appropriate safeguards for cross-border transfers of personal data, as required by applicable local law.
EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“Swiss-U.S. DPF“)
As set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce Twilio is officially certified under the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and Swiss-U.S. DPF and relies on these certifications as its primary transfer mechanisms for transfers of personal data from the EU and Switzerland to the U.S. Twilio adheres to the DPF principles for onward transfers of personal data to third parties and remains liable for damages caused by third parties under the DPF unless Twilio did not cause the event giving rise to damage. The U.S. Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Twilio’s compliance with the DPF. To learn more about the DPF Program, and to view our certifications, please visit the
DPF website
.
Twilio’s Binding Corporate Rules
Twilio has established and implemented a set of
Binding Corporate Rules
for internal transfers of personal data between Twilio Group Members in the European Union and Twilio Group Members elsewhere as a data controller. Twilio’s BCRs have been approved by European Union Data Protection Authorities and are a commitment by Twilio to adequately protect personal data that Twilio processes regardless of where the information resides. You can access Twilio’s BCR-Controller Policy
here
.
Where neither the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, Swiss-EU DPF nor Twilio's BCRs apply, we rely instead on other data transfer mechanisms to transfer personal data outside the EEA, the UK, and Switzerland, such as Standard Contractual Clauses and the UK’s International Data Transfer Agreement.
APEC CBPR & PRP Participation
Twilio’s privacy practices, described in this Notice, comply with the APEC Cross Border Privacy Rules (“CBPR”) and Privacy Recognition for Processors (“PRP”) Systems. The APEC, CBPR and PRP systems provide a framework for organizations to ensure protection of personal data transferred among participating APEC economies. More information about the APEC framework can be found
here
.
How We Secure Personal Data
To protect personal data from loss, or unauthorized use, access or disclosure, Twilio uses reasonable and appropriate security measures designed to protect the security of your personal data both online and offline. These measures vary based on the sensitivity of the personal data we collect, process and store and the current state of technology.  All systems used to support our business are governed by Twilio’s Information Security Policy and Standards which are built on industry standards and best practices such as the ISO 27001 and NIST standards. More information about our security measures can be found in our
Security Overview
.
How Long We Retain Personal Data
We endeavor not to retain personal data in a form which permits identification of individuals for longer than is necessary for the purposes for which that data is processed. We retain personal data in accordance with Twilio's record retention policies and guidelines as revised and updated from time to time.
Twilio will store your Customer Account Data as long as needed to provide you or our customer with the Services and to operate our business. If you ask Twilio to delete specific personal data from your Customer Account Data (see ‘
Your Rights and Choices About Your Data
’ below), we will honor this request, unless deleting that information prevents us from carrying out necessary business functions, such as billing for our services, calculating taxes, or conducting required audits.
Your Rights and Choices About Your Data
Depending on the data protection laws applicable to you, you may have the following rights in relation to your personal data that we process as a data controller:
that we provide details about the categories of personal data that we collect about you, including how we collect and share it;
that we provide you access to, and a copy of, the personal data we collect about you;
that we update or correct any inaccurate personal data we have about you;
that we delete the personal data we have about you;
that we restrict processing of personal data about you;
that we provide you with your personal data in a structured, commonly used format and to transmit that information to another controller, and where feasible, transmit the information directly;
that we provide you with the right to object to the processing of personal data, including profiling;
that we provide you with a free, easy mechanism to object to use of your personal information for direct marketing purposes;
that you not be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, that produces legal effects or similarly affects your individual rights;
to withdraw your consent; and
to complain to a competent supervisory authority and/or to commence proceedings in a court of competent jurisdiction.
Twilio will honor your rights subject to limitations in certain situations, such as where Twilio can demonstrate that it has a legal requirement or legitimate interest to process your data or can legitimately apply an exemption to the exercise of a right under applicable law. More information about these rights can be found in our Binding Corporate Rules Controller Policy
Rule 10
and
Appendix 3
.
If you are a
US resident
interested in what personal data we have disclosed lately for our business purposes, here’s a list:
Identifiers
Commercial information
Financial information
Internet or other electronic activity information
Geolocation information
Professional or employment information
By “our business purposes,” we mean that we only disclose personal data as we describe in the section "
How We Disclose Personal Data
" above.  Also, as described in the “How We Use Cookies & Other Tracking technologies” section below, we process personal data to deliver ads targeted to your interests on other companies’ websites and mobile apps. Some of these activities may be considered “sharing” or “targeted advertising” under certain laws. You have the right to opt out of the processing of your personal data for targeted advertising, and can do so by adjusting your preferences using our Cookie Preferences Tool located on the bottom right of the Twilio website you are visiting. Any choices concerning cookies are browser and/or device specific. If you clear your cookies from your browser on any of your devices, your choices will need to be reset.
You also have the right to request the restriction of processing of your sensitive personal information. Where applicable, the respective sensitive personal information will be marked accordingly and may only be processed by us for certain purposes. At the current time, however, we do not use or disclose sensitive personal information for purposes other than those expressed in this Privacy Notice or otherwise permitted by applicable law, and these uses cannot be limited under California law.
You may have additional rights under our
Binding Corporate Rules
in the EU. For example, where you believe your personal data has been transferred by an EU-based Twilio company to our US headquarters and processed by the US company in breach of the Binding Corporate Rules, you may have a right to:
Lodge a complaint with the Twilio company that transferred your data outside Europe;
Lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority in the same country as the Twilio company that transferred your data outside Europe; and
Bring a court action against the Twilio company that transferred your data outside Europe.
If Twilio processes your personal data as a data processor on behalf of a customer, we will either direct you to contact our customer to exercise your rights.
How To Exercise Your Rights and Choices
The following sections provide information about how to exercise certain rights in relation to your personal data. To exercise any other rights, please contact us at
privacy@twilio.com
.
Accessing and Controlling Account Data
As part of our Services, we provide you with a number of self-service features at no additional cost within the Twilio console itself, including the ability to access your data, update any incorrect data, download a copy of your data, delete your data, or restrict the use of your data. You can make various choices about your Customer Account Data through the account portal when you log into your Twilio account or through the marketing preferences center. Any other requests about your data you cannot make through these self-service tools, you can request by contacting
Customer Support
.
Closing Your Account and Deletion
To request closure or deletion of your Twilio account, you can contact
Customer Support
. Please be aware that closure or deletion of your Twilio account will result in you permanently losing access to your account and the data in the account. After closure of your account, certain information associated with your account may remain on Twilio’s servers in an aggregated form that does not identify you. Similarly, after you close your account, we will retain data — including personal data — associated with your account that we are required to maintain for legal purposes or for necessary business operations (see “
How Long We Retain Personal  Data
” section above) until it’s no longer needed.
Identity Verification
In some instances, we will need to verify your identity before honoring your request. We will generally verify your identity by asking you to provide personal data related to your recent interactions with us. Thereafter, we will process your request and inform you of any decisions we have made about your request.  Additionally, you may exercise your privacy rights through an authorized agent. If we receive your request from an authorized agent, we may ask for evidence that you have provided such agent with a power of attorney or that the agent otherwise has valid written authority to submit requests to exercise rights on your behalf. If you are an authorized agent seeking to make a request, please contact us at
privacy@twilio.com
.
We won’t discriminate against you or change the price of our services if you make a request, but if you ask us to delete your data, it may affect your ability to use our Services.
Customer Proprietary Network Information (CPNI)
As an individual Twilio account holder or as an authorized representative of a Twilio customer in the US, you have the right to restrict Twilio’s use of
CPNI
. To opt-out of the use of CPNI data related to your Twilio account to market other Twilio Services based on your usage of our Services, click
here
.  Please note that, if you have subscribed for the services on behalf of an organization, the CPNI relates to the service usage by that organization and not you individually. Opting-out of the use of CPNI for marketing will not unsubscribe you from other types of marketing contacts from Twilio and will not affect the status of the services you currently have with us. Your approval or opt-out of the use of your CPNI outside of the services to which you are already subscribed is valid until you affirmatively revoke or limit such approval.
Communication Preferences
You can opt out of receiving marketing communications from us at any time through your marketing preferences page by clicking the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of any marketing email you receive from Twilio. You can also
update your communication preferences
using our online form or contact our
Customer Support
Team to communicate your choice to opt out. Please note that it may take up to three days to remove your contact information from our marketing communications lists, so you may receive correspondence from us for a short time after you make your request. You will not be able to opt out of service emails from us, such as password reset emails, billing emails, or notifications of updates to our terms, unless you deactivate your account.
How We Use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Twilio uses common information gathering tools such as cookies, web beacons, pixels and other similar tracking technologies to automatically collect information as you navigate our websites, your account or when you interact with emails we send to you.
Cookies
A cookie is a small text file that is stored in your browser or elsewhere on your hard drive. Cookies allow Twilio to identify your device as you navigate our websites or your account. This makes navigating and interacting with our websites or your account more efficient, easy and meaningful for you.
Twilio uses both session and persistent cookies. Session cookies are cookies that disappear from your computer or browser when you turn off your computer. Persistent cookies stay on your computer even after you’ve turned it off.
The cookies on our websites fall into three categories: (1) Required Cookies, (2) Functional Cookies, and (3) Advertising Cookies. To learn more about each category of cookie, you can visit our cookie consent tool by clicking on the “Cookie Preferences” link on the bottom right of the Twilio website you are visiting.
Manage Your Cookie Preferences
Twilio uses a cookie consent tool, which you can utilize to customize your cookie preferences. When you visit our website for the first time, a cookie consent banner will pop up and ask you to customize your cookie preferences. If you decide to change your preferences at a later date, you can easily do so by clicking on the “Cookie Preferences” link on the bottom right of the Twilio website you are visiting. Please note that Required Cookies cannot be disabled and if you decide to opt-out of Functional Cookies, certain functionality of our websites or your account may be impacted.  Any choices concerning cookies are browser and/or device specific. If you clear your cookies from your browser on any of your devices, your choices will need to be reset.
Manage Cookies Using Your Browser
In addition to using our Cookie Consent tool, you can use your browser settings to opt out of Functional Cookies and Advertising Cookies. For more information on how to do that, click
here
. To manage privacy and storage settings for cookies, click
here
.
Universal Opt-Out Mechanisms
Global Privacy Control (GPC) and Do Not Track (DNT) are tools that you can use to inform websites of your privacy preferences in regard to ad trackers. To set up GPC, you can visit the
Global Privacy Control
page. To set DNT, you can visit the
All About DNT
page. Please note that this may impact the functionality of our websites or your account.
Opt Out of Advertising Cookies
To learn more about how to opt out of targeting and advertising cookies, you can go to the
Your Online Choices
page, the
Network Advertising Initiative
page, and the
Digital Advertising Alliance’s Consumer Choice
page. These opt-out tools are provided by third parties, not Twilio. We do not control or operate these tools or the choices that advertisers and others provide through these tools.
Web Beacons
Twilio also uses web beacons to gather data about your use of our websites, your account, and how you interact with emails we have sent to you. Web beacons are clear electronic images that can recognize certain types of data on your computer, like when you view a particular website tied to the web beacon, and a description of a website tied to the web beacon. Additionally, we may put web beacons in marketing emails that notify us when you click on a link in the email that directs you to a Twilio website.
Children
Our Services are not directed to or intended to be used by children (under the age of 13 in the US and UK, or 16 in the EEA). We do not knowingly permit children to sign up for a Twilio account. If we become aware that a child has signed up for an account, we will take reasonable steps to deactivate the account and remove their personal data from our records as quickly as possible. If you believe an underage person has signed up for a Twilio account, please contact us at
privacy@twilio.com
with the subject line “Children”.
Automated Decision Making
Automated decision-making occurs when an electronic system uses personal data to make a decision about you, without human involvement. Twilio uses automated decision-making leveraging a variety of signals derived from records we collect or obtain from third party vendors, to help monitor, identify, and suspend accounts sending spam or engaging in other abusive or fraudulent activity.  We may also use this information to evaluate your account application and make decisions about whether to approve or decline. If your account is suspended or not approved under these circumstances you will be notified and given an opportunity to request human review of the decision.
We may rely on other automated decision-making where:
We have notified you of the decision and provided you with the opportunity to request a human review of the decision
It is necessary to perform a contract with you and appropriate measures are in place to safeguard your rights
We have your consent and we have put in place appropriate measures to safeguard your rights
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions, concerns or complaints about this Notice or our data protection practices, please do not hesitate to contact our Data Protection Officer by emailing us at
privacy@twilio.com
or by writing to us at any of the following addresses:
Worldwide Headquarters
Twilio Inc.
101 Spear Street, 5th Floor
San Francisco CA 94105
EEA Headquarters
Twilio Ireland Limited
70 Sir John Rogerson's Quay
Dublin 2
D02 R296, Ireland
Complaints
We will endeavor to resolve questions, concerns or complaints you raise with us in accordance with our
Complaints Handling Procedure
. In the unlikely event that we are unable to resolve your concern, you can find information about your options to seek assistance through independent dispute resolution mechanisms or complaints to your local data protection authority
here
.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Twilio commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States, the European Union, the United Kingdom, and/or Switzerland. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you.
You have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration for complaints regarding DPF compliance that are not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms. You can find more information in the DPF
ANNEX-I-introduction.
If your question or complaint relates to personal data we process as a data processor on behalf of a customer, we will direct you to contact our customer to address your question or complaint.
Changes to Our Privacy Notice
We will periodically review this Notice and may change it to address legal, technical or business development requirements or make clarifications. When we change this Notice, the most current version will be available at
https://www/twilio.com/legal/privacy
with the date indicating when it was last updated. If we make material changes that affect your rights, we will provide you with advance notice, such as by posting a message in the Twilio console or sending an email to the address we have on file for you. We will comply with applicable law with respect to any changes we make to this Notice. We will also seek your consent to material changes, where required by applicable law.
Twilio Product Privacy
Twilio offers a range of industry-leading communications and customer data platform services to our customers. Depending on the Service, Twilio may be a data controller and data processor of personal data used to provide the Services.
Twilio processes personal data (Communications Usage Data and Customer Content) for most of our Services as a data processor acting on the instruction of our customer and in accordance with the terms of our agreement with a customer, our
Data Protection Addendum
, and service specific terms. Our Services provide customers with ways to control, access and secure their data.
We also offer customers the ability to store, delete, access, or exercise other choices about their personal data. The ability to make these choices depends on the Service being used and how it is being used by a customer. Customers are referred to our
API docs
for each of our Services, along with SendGrid’s
documentation
and Segment’s
documentation
to find more detailed information about managing personal data collected and stored in connection with their use of our Services. We also provide an overview of our retention and deletion practices, including how to delete data you control in our
support documentation
. We provide information about the security measures we use to protect our customer’s data  in our
Security Overview
, and if you are located in a country that requires you to obtain information about our supplemental measures, you may read more about those measures
here
.
For some of the Services we also act as a data controller where disclosed and agreed to by our customer in the agreement, Data Protection Addendum, product specific terms or via the customers’ use and configuration of a product or feature.As a data controller, Twilio is responsible for the processing of the personal data.
For more detail on our Services, please find information below or by visiting our
products page
.
Authy
The Authy service is our standalone two-factor authentication (2FA) service for desktop and mobile. The Authy apps generate one time passwords and push notifications that can be used as a part of a two-step verification process with your Authy-compatible accounts to add another layer of security. Authy’s 2FA can be used on its own or with applications that directly integrate with Authy’s 2-factor authentication API.
Due to the nature of the Authy service, Twilio collects the following additional personal data elements to our other Services:
Identifiers
Once you open the Authy app, we ask you to provide us with a phone number to create your Authy account. We send a verification code to that phone number to be sure that the person creating the Authy account also has control over the phone number entered. This phone number is considered your “primary device,” and will be the identifier for your Authy account. We use that phone number to identify you, to provide you 2FA services, and to maintain logs for security and anti-fraud purposes. We also collect your email address, and we use it for identity verification and account recovery purposes.
Device Information
When you download and open the Authy desktop or mobile app, we automatically collect information about the type of device you have downloaded the app on and your device identifier. We collect this to ensure we deliver the right version of the app for your device and so that we can provide appropriate follow up support as necessary. We also use your device information to ensure proper delivery of our service and to provide and deliver support and maintenance of the Authy app.
Login History and Authy Account History
When you use an Authy token to log into an account, whether the token was generated on the app or one sent to you via your phone number, we collect and keep information associated with your login activity including information like your IP address, what application you logged in to, that you logged in, and when. If you change your phone number or email associated with your Authy account, we will also keep a log of that. We collect this information to monitor for suspicious activity and also as another piece of information that could be used to verify your identity if we suspect your account may be compromised.
Geolocation information
If you have location services turned on, we collect your location based on your IP address. We use this information for anti-fraud purposes, to check for suspicious activity and as another piece of information we can use to verify your identity if we suspect your account may be compromised.
Frontline Services
To use the Frontline services, you must log in to the Frontline app using a third party account (through your Single Sign-On provider). The authentication of your login details is handled by that third party and we only collect the information you expressly agree to share with us at the time you give permission to link the Frontline app with the third party account. We only gather the information you and our customers give us access to, and we only use it for the purposes for which you and our customers have provided it to us. Please see the
Frontline App Terms
for specific details about your relationship with us.
SendGrid Services
The SendGrid services also collect additional data in the form of web beacons placed in the body of emails delivered using the SendGrid platform. This allows us to keep track of whether or not an email has been delivered, opened, clicked on, whether it bounced or was treated as spam. You can learn more about web beacons in the section titled “
How We Use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
” above.
Voice Intelligence
Voice Intelligence incorporates artificial intelligence and machine learning to transcribe and analyze voice calls into a structured format that allows our customers to drive their business processes. To translate voice calls into structured content, Twilio processes certain data as a controller, including personal data contained in voice calls disclosed to us by our customer through their use of the service.
Sub-policy 12
https://www.vonage.com/legal/privacy-policy/:
www.vonage.com
Verifying you are human. This may take a few seconds.
www.vonage.com needs to review the security of your connection before proceeding.
Verification successful
Waiting for www.vonage.com to respond...
Enable JavaScript and cookies to continue
Sub-policy 13
https://www.mobvista.com/en/privacy:
Products & Services
User Acquisition & Monetization
Mintegral
Data Analytics
GameAnalytics
Performance Marketing
Nativex
Ad Creative
Mindworks
Production
Playturbo
Automation
Optimization
XMP
Cross-channel Marketing Management
Community
All
Blog
eBooks
Case Studies
Video
Glossary
Investor Relations
Governance
Financial Report
Investor Event
Announcement
Company
About Us
What We Do
Newsroom
Data Security
Careers
Integrity Report
Contact Us
Notice
Notice
Please remain cautious of recent fraudulent activities involving individuals impersonating Mobvista and using websites with similar domain names to send deceptive messages. These scams falsely promise commission earnings through specific actions. If you come across any instances of fraud, we encourage you to promptly report them to the appropriate authorities.
如您是中国大陆用户，请点击按钮切换网页站点，以获得更好的浏览体验
确定
By clicking “Agree”, you agree to our use of tools to send you marketing information and to record and analyse your browsing behaviors. For more details, please see "Customise Settings".
Agree
Customise Settings
Sub-policy 14
https://qonversion.io/page/privacy:
Qonversion Privacy Policy
Updated September 1, 2023
Your privacy is important to us, and we are committed to protecting your personal data. We want you to feel confident when using the Qonversion service and comfortable with how your data is used.
✓ We are committed to being transparent about the information we collect, how we use it, and how you can control the collection, correction and/or deletion of the information.
✓ We believe that you should have control over the data you transmit to Qonversion. We will never share your data without your permission (unless required by law) and will provide you with a clear means to be able to delete your data from our systems.
✓ We believe that you own and will always own all data you upload to the Qonversion Service. We will never claim ownership rights to any of your data and only ask you to grant us the rights necessary to provide the service.
Qonversion is a Software as a Service platform that can be used by mobile app owners, mobile app developers, or anyone else (“you”, “your”, “customers”) who can be interested in the provided service. By using this service, you agree to allow us to collect and process information as described below. If you have any questions or believe that some data has been transmitted into Qonversion that should not have been, please contact us at
compliance@qonversion.io
✓ Log-in Information: If you create a Qonversion account, you provide your email address, name and create a password that we store so you can access and use the Qonversion service.
✓ Website Use Information: Subject to your opt-out preferences, we use tools (including Google Analytics) to collect information from visitors in order to better understand how they use our website (e.g., browser type, domains, page views). You may opt out of Google Analytics cookies using Opt-Out Features on their website. We use session cookies to keep you logged in while you use features of our web application; these disappear after you close your browser. We also use persistent cookies, which stay in your browser and allow us to recognize you when you return to the site. You can change your internet browser settings to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. If you turn off cookies, parts of the Qonversion service may not work for you.
✓ Team Account Information: If your User Account is linked to a Team Account, the administrator of the Team Account will be able to see your name, user name and other personally identifiable information. Your organization’s privacy policy and terms, not Qonversion’s, will apply to their use and storage of your information.
✓ Purchase Information: If you purchase paid features of the Qonversion service, we collect your name, billing and shipping address, credit card information and any other information necessary to complete the transaction.
End user technical information can be received and processed by us if you are using Qonversion Software Development Kit (“SDK”) or other Qonversion products and services. We collectively refer to such information as the “End User Technical Information”. The End User Technical Information includes:
✓ End user’s mobile device type, operating system and version number
✓ IP address
✓ Advertiser ID
✓ App version
✓ Carrier
✓ Country
✓ Locale
✓ Time zone
✓ Device push token
✓ Qonversion SDK version
✓ Apple receipt file
✓ Google purchase token
✓ End user’s transaction information in your mobile or web app
✓ Time end user’s last used your app
✓ If you choose to enable User Properties information, you might send any additional metadata associated with a user.
USAGE: We may use information that we collect about you, including personal information, to:
✓ Provide the Qonversion service: We will use your information to provide the Qonversion service to you; to manage your account; to respond to your inquiries; and for other customer service and support purposes. We use the payment information you provide to us in order to alert you of past, current, and upcoming charges and to perform internal finance processes, such as looking up the status of a credit card charge. In the event of a credit card dispute, we may also share account information with your bank to verify the legitimacy of a charge.
✓ Understand and improve upon our products: We will perform research and analysis about your use of, or interest in, our products, services, or content, or products, services or content offered by others. We do this to help make the Qonversion Service better and to develop new products.
✓ Qonversion may use information derived from the aggregation of End User Technical Information for research and analytics purposes and improvement and marketing of the Services (“Aggregated Data”). Aggregated Data shall be anonymous and in no way reveal the identity of the customer or any end user.
✓ Communicate with you.
✓ Service-related communications: We may send you service and administrative emails to ensure the Qonversion service is working properly. These messages are considered part of the Qonversion service, and you may not opt out of these messages while you have an active account.
✓ Promotional: Subject to your opt-out preference, we may send you emails about new product features or other news about Qonversion or on topics we think would be relevant to you. You may opt-out of receiving these communications at any time. Please see the Your Rights and Choices section below for more information.
✓ Responding to your requests: We will use your information to respond to your questions, service issues, or comments.
✓ Administrative: We may contact you to inform you about the Qonversion service, changes in the Qonversion service, and other important service-related notices, such as changes to our Privacy Policy or security or fraud notices.
✓ Protecting Rights and Interests: We will use your information to protect our rights and interests, as well as the rights and interests of our users and any other person, as well as to enforce our Privacy Policy or our Terms of Service.
✓ Legal Compliance: We may use your information to comply with applicable legal or regulatory obligations, including informal requests from law enforcement or other governmental authorities.
TRANSFER: We may share your personally identifiable information with third parties for purposes of providing you with Qonversion services. These third parties may use your information to perform services on our behalf and to offer you other products or services that may be of interest to you. Except as described herein, Qonversion will only provide personally identifiable information collected on the website to a third party if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with state and federal laws or respond to a court order, subpoena, or search warrant. We may share aggregated, non-personally identifiable information (such as usage statistics or other information) with third parties at any time and for any reason.
Where we store your information
The information we collect from you will be stored in Microsoft Azure data centres in the UK in the following locations: London. Azure is certified in the international standard SOC 2 Type 2 and ISO. You can find detailed information on Azure’s certification
here
.
LEGAL BASIS: We rely on the following legal grounds to process your personal information:
✓ Consent: We may use your personal information as described in this Policy subject to your consent. To withdraw your consent, please contact us at
compliance@qonversion.io
. You may also refrain from providing or withdrawing your consent for cookies. Please see Your Rights and Choices below for more information on opt-outs.
✓ Performance of a Contract: We may need to collect and use your personal information, as applicable, to perform our contractual obligations to you.
✓ Legitimate Interests: We may use your personal information for our legitimate interests to provide and improve upon the Qonversion Service. We process the information on behalf of our customers who have legitimate interests in operating their businesses. We may use technical information as described in this Policy and use personal information for our marketing purposes consistent with our legitimate interests and any choices that we offer or consents that may be required under applicable law.
YOUR RIGHTS AND CHOICES:
✓ Account: In order to keep your personal information accurate and complete, you can log in to review and update your account information, including contact and billing information, via your account settings page. You may also contact us to request information about the personal data we have collected from you and to request the correction, modification or deletion of such personal information. We will do our best to honour your requests subject to any legal and contractual obligations. If you would like to make a request, cancel your account or request we delete or no longer use your account information to provide you with the Services, please contact us at
compliance@qonversion.io
. Subject to applicable law, we will retain and use your account information only as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements.
✓ Email: If you do not wish to receive promotional emails from us, you may opt-out at any time by following the opt-out link contained in the email itself or by emailing us at
compliance@qonversion.io
. Please note that it may take up to ten (10) days to process your request. Please also note that if you opt out of receiving marketing communications from us, we may continue to send you service-related emails which are not available for opt-out. If you do not wish to receive any service-related emails from us, you have the option to deactivate your account.
✓ Cookies: You may also refrain from providing or withdrawing your consent for cookies. Your browser’s help function should contain instructions on how to set your computer to accept all cookies, notify you when a cookie is issued, or to not receive cookies at any time.
✓ Additional Rights: Subject to local law, you may have additional rights under the laws of your jurisdiction regarding your personal data, such as the right to complain to your local data protection authority.
✓ Qonversion also may inform the unlimited audience about the use of the Qonversion Service by any of our Customers, for example, in portfolio and advertising by using company names, logos, and app icons without acknowledgement or compensation to you.
GDPR
✓ Qonversion has no direct agreement with customers’ end users. Customers are responsible for ensuring that Users’ Personal Information has been collected in accordance with applicable law.
✓ Qonverion’s Customers install a Software Development Kit (“SDK”) on their mobile app(s) and site(s). The SDK facilitates the transfer of User Personal Information to Qonversion so that Qonversion can provide service to the Customers.
✓ Qonversion only receives User Personal Information that Customers have provided us for the business purposes of providing the Services. EU (European Union) individuals have rights in relation to their personal data, which is processed by Qonversion. If you are an EU data subject, you may by emailing us at
compliance@qonversion.io
:
– Request access to the personal data concerned.
– Request that any incorrect personal data about you that we are processing be rectified.
– Request that we erase the personal data concerned.
Withdraw your consent at any time where we are processing personal data relating to you on the basis of your prior consent to that processing, after which we shall stop the processing concerned.
Lodge a formal complaint with the Information Commissioner in Ireland (or your local EU supervisory authority if you live outside the UK) if you have a complaint about any processing of your personal data being conducted by us.
If the requested EU Data is User Personal Information, please include the name of the applicable customer in your request; we will refer the request to that customer to respond directly to you and will support them as needed to respond to your request.
CCPA
✓ Qonversion acts as a Service Provider under the California Consumer Protection Act (“CCPA”). Qonversion follows the Customer(s)’ instructions in processing the User Personal Information for the business purposes of providing the Services. Qonversion follows the Customer(s)’ instructions to delete any User Personal Information requested. Qonversion does not sell its Users’ Personal Information as defined under CCPA. Qonversion upholds Users’ right to non-discrimination as defined under CCPA.
SECURITY: Qonversion takes security very seriously. We use commercially standard methods to transmit your content securely, including HTTPS, SSL, and 128-bit encryption.
Qonversion is hosted in the UK. Qonversion uses the following sub-contractor:
Microsoft Azure (SOC 2 Type II certified and GDPR compliant provider)
Datacenter location: London, United Kingdom.
Children Under 13: The Qonversion service is not directed to children under the age of thirteen (13), and we do not knowingly collect personal information from such children. If you are a parent or guardian of a child under the age of thirteen (13) and you believe your child may have provided us with personal information, please notify us at
compliance@qonversion.io
.
Business Transitions: Upon the sale or transfer of the company and its assets, we will require a purchaser to treat our data under the privacy statement in place at the time of its collection.
Changes to Privacy Policy: Please note that this Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. If we decide to change our privacy policy, then we will post those changes to this Privacy Notice and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We will also keep prior versions of this Privacy Policy in an archive for your review.
Questions, Concerns and Comments: If you have any questions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us:
Qonversion Inc.
1160 Battery Street East
Suites 100
San Francisco
94111
Email:
compliance@qonversion.io