Home
»
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Studio One Apps values your privacy in your personal information and your Content that you store in our Service. This Privacy Policy explains what information Paragoni collects about you and why, what we may do with that information and how we handle your Content.
What Is The Scope Of This Privacy Policy?
This Privacy Policy applies to the information obtained by us through your use of this website, and Studio One Apps products and services. Capitalized terms used in this Privacy Policy and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings provided for those terms in the Terms of Service.
Will This Privacy Policy Ever Change?
As Studio One Apps evolves, we may need to update this Policy to keep pace with changes in the Service and laws applicable to us and you; we will, however, always maintain our commitment to respect your privacy.
We will post any revisions to this Policy, along with their effective date, in an easy to find area of our web site, so we recommend that you periodically check back here to stay informed of any changes. We will ask for your consent to such changes if required by applicable law; in other cases, please note that your continuation of your Studio One Apps service account after any change means that you agree with, and consent to be bound by, the new Privacy Policy. If you disagree with any changes in this Policy and do not wish your information to be subject to the revised Policy, you will need to close your account before the new Policy becomes effective.
I. Information Collection and Use
What Information Does Studio One Apps Collect About Me and Why?
We collect very little personal information about our users, especially users of our free service. A list of the “Personal Information” Paragoni may collect, and why we collect it, follows:
Your username, email address, and contact preferences. This lets us create your account, provide you with convenient and personalized access to your account, and deliver and support the Service. This information also helps us communicate with you about your use of the Service, product announcements and software updates, as well as respond to your requests for assistance (including providing account verification support if you’re having difficultly accessing your account). In addition, we may use your Personal Information to send you marketing emails and special offers about the Service. For more information, please see the section below entitled, “Will Paragoni Send Me Emails?”
Studio One Apps web sites and applications also collect and receive information from your computer or mobile device, including the type of hardware and software you are using (for example, your operating system or browser), and information obtained from cookies. Gathering this kind of information helps us improve the features and usability of our products and Service, analyze user trends and information about users’ use of our Service.
Will Studio One Apps Send Me Emails?
From time to time, we may want to contact you with information about product announcements, software updates and special offers. We also may want to contact you with information about products and services from our business partners. You may opt out of such communications at any time by clicking the “unsubscribe” link found within Paragoni email updates.
II. Information Access and Disclosure
Does Studio One Apps Share My Personal Information or Content? Studio One Apps is not in the business of selling or renting user information, and we only disclose information when:
We have your explicit consent to share the information.
We need to share your information with affiliated and unaffiliated service providers who process data on our behalf and are subject to strict data protection requirements.
We need to share your information with affiliated and unaffiliated service providers to fulfill your product or service requests.
We believe it is necessary to investigate potential violations of our Terms of Service, to enforce those Terms of Service, or where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud or potential threats against persons, property or the systems on which we operate the Service.
We determine that the access, preservation or disclosure of information is required or permitted by law to protect the rights, property or personal safety of Paragoni and our users or is required to comply with applicable laws, including compliance with warrants, court orders or other legal process.
We need to do so in connection with the sale or reorganization of all or part of our business, as permitted by applicable law.
III. Data Storage, Transfer and Security
Where Is My Data Stored?
When you use Studio One Software on your computing device, Content you save will be replicated on our servers, which are located in the United States.
Please be aware that Personal Information and Content submitted to Studio One Apps will be transferred to a data center in the United States. If you post information to the Studio One Apps sites you are confirming your consent to such information, including Personal Information and Content, being hosted and accessed in the United States.
How Can I Access or Correct Information Paragoni Holds About Me?
Users who wish to (i) access any Personal Information that we hold about you; (ii) request that we correct or delete the Personal Information that we hold about you; or (iii) request that we not use or stop using your Personal Information for marketing purposes may do so by contacting us at compliance at support AT Studio One Apps DOT com, We will comply with such requests to the extent permitted or required by law.
How Secure Is My Data?
Studio One Apps is committed to protecting the security of your information and takes reasonable precautions to protect it. However, Internet data transmissions, whether wired or wireless, cannot be guaranteed to be 100% secure, and as a result, we cannot ensure the security of information you transmit to us; accordingly, you acknowledge that you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your data transmission, we make all commercially reasonable efforts to ensure its security on our systems:
Your Studio One Apps password is protected by encryption, and only you have access to it.
Your personal information and data stored in our systems is protected by various physical, electronic and procedural safeguards. It is housed in a secure facility, and Paragoni restricts physical and network access to this facility to select trained staff. We regularly evaluate our technologies, facilities, procedures and potential risks to maintain the security and privacy of our users’ data.
Certain Studio One Apps services support the use of standard SSL encryption to protect data transmissions. However, this is not a guarantee that such data transmissions cannot be accessed, altered or deleted due to firewall or other security software failures.
If Studio One Apps learns of a security system breach, we may attempt to notify you and provide information on protective steps, if available, through the email address that you have provided to us or by posting a notice on our web site. Depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to receive such notices in writing.
IV. Contact Us
How Can I Contact Studio One Apps?
Studio One Apps welcomes your feedback regarding this Privacy Policy. If you have questions, comments or concerns about this Policy, please contact us by email at support AT Studio One Apps DOT com.