Privacy Policy
Getting started
Overview
Terms
User Terms of Service
Data Processing Addendum
Policies
Privacy Policy
Acceptable Use Policy
Subprocessors
Security, Privacy & Architecture
Effective date: 21 May 2018
This Privacy Policy describes how Rotaready collects, uses and discloses information, and what choices you have with respect to the information.
Updates in this version of the Privacy Policy reflect changes in data protection law. In addition, we have worked to make the Privacy Policy clearer and more understandable by:
organising it into the sections listed in the Table of Contents below,
providing a series of examples that help illustrate how the policies may be implemented by Rotaready and
defining and capitalising a few terms that are used more than once for simplicity and brevity.
When we refer to "
Rotaready
", we mean the Rotaready entity that acts as the processor of your information, as explained in more detail in the "Identifying the Data Controller and Processor" section below.
Table of Contents
Applicability of this Privacy Policy
Information We Collect and Receive
How We Use Information
Data Retention
How We Share and Disclose Information
Security
Age Limitations
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Data Protection Officer
Identifying the Data Controller and Processor
Your Rights
Data Protection Authority
Contacting Rotaready
Applicability of This Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy applies to Rotaready's online workforce management tools and platform, including the associated Rotaready mobile and tablet applications (collectively, the "
Services
"), Rotaready.com and other Rotaready websites (collectively, the "
Websites
") and other interactions (e.g., customer service inquiries, user conferences, etc.) you may have with Rotaready. If you do not agree with the terms, do not access or use the Services, Websites or any other aspect of Rotaready's business.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to any third party applications or software that integrate with the Services through the Rotaready platform ("
Third Party Services
"), or any other third party products, services or businesses. In addition, a separate agreement governs delivery, access and use of the Services (the "
Subscription Agreement
"), including the processing of any personal data submitted through Services accounts (collectively, "
Customer Data
"). The organisation (e.g., your employer or another entity or person) that entered into the Subscription Agreement ("
Customer
") controls their instance of the Services (their "
Realm
") and any associated Customer Data. If you have any questions about specific Realm settings and privacy practices, please contact the Customer whose Realm you use.
Information We Collect And Receive
Rotaready may collect and receive Customer Data and other information and data ("
Other Information
") in a variety of ways:
Customer Data.
Customers or individuals granted access to a Realm by a Customer ("
Authorised Users
") routinely submit Customer Data to Rotaready when using the Services.
Other Information.
Rotaready also collects, generates and/or receives Other Information:
Realm and Account Information. To create or update a Realm account, you or your Customer (e.g., your employer) supply Rotaready with an email address, phone number, password, domain and/or similar account details. In addition, Customers that purchase a paid version of the Services provide Rotaready (or its payment processors) with billing details such as credit card information, banking information and/or a billing address.
Usage Information.
Services Metadata. When an Authorised User interacts with the Services, metadata is generated that provides additional context about the way Authorised Users work. For example, Rotaready logs the people, features, content and links you interact with and what Third Party Services are used (if any).
Log data. As with most websites and technology services delivered over the Internet, our servers automatically collect information when you access or use our Websites or Services and record it in log files. This log data may include the Internet Protocol (IP) address, the address of the web page visited before using the Website or Services, browser type and settings, the date and time the Services were used, information about browser configuration and plugins, language preferences and cookie data.
Device information. Rotaready collects information about devices accessing the Services, including type of device, what operating system is used, device settings, application IDs, unique device identifiers and crash data. Whether we collect some or all of this Other Information often depends on the type of device used and its settings.
Location information. We receive information from you, your Customer and other third-parties that helps us approximate your location. We may, for example, use a business address submitted by your employer, or an IP address received from your browser or device to determine approximate location. Rotaready may also collect location information from devices in accordance with the consent process provided by your device.
Cookie Information. Rotaready uses cookies and similar technologies in our Websites and Services that help us collect Other Information. The Websites and Services may also include cookies and similar tracking technologies of third parties, which may collect Other Information about you via the Websites and Services and across other websites and online services.
Third Party Services. Customer can choose to permit or restrict Third Party Services for their Realm. Typically, Third Party Services are software that integrate with our Services, and Customer can permit its Authorised Users to enable and disable these
integrations
for their Realm. Once enabled, the provider of a Third Party Service may share certain information with Rotaready. For example, if an HR application is enabled to permit absence records to be imported to a Realm, we may receive names and time off data of Authorised Users, along with additional information that the application has elected to make available to Rotaready to facilitate the integration. Authorised Users should check the privacy settings and notices in these Third Party Services to understand what data may be disclosed to Rotaready. When a Third Party Service is enabled, Rotaready is authorised to connect and access Other Information made available to Rotaready in accordance with our agreement with the Third Party Provider. We do not, however, receive or store passwords for any of these Third Party Services when connecting them to the Services.
Contact Information. In accordance with the consent process provided by your device, any contact information that an Authorised User chooses to import (such as an address book from a device) is collected when using the Services.
Third Party Data. Rotaready may receive data about organisations, industries, Website visitors, marketing campaigns and other matters related to our business from parent corporation(s), affiliates and subsidiaries, our partners or others that we use to make our own information better or more useful. This data may be combined with Other Information we collect and might include aggregate level data, such as which IP addresses correspond to postal codes or countries. Or it might be more specific: for example, how well an online marketing or email campaign performed.
Additional Information Provided to Rotaready. We receive Other Information when submitted to our Websites or if you participate in a focus group, contest, activity or event, apply for a job, request support, interact with our social media accounts or otherwise communicate with Rotaready.
Generally, no one is under a statutory or contractual obligation to provide any Customer Data or Other Information (collectively, "Information"). However, certain Information is collected automatically and, if some Information, such as Realm setup details, is not provided, we may be unable to provide the Services.
How We Use Information
Customer Data will be used by Rotaready in accordance with Customer's instructions, including any applicable terms in the Subscription Agreement and Customer's use of Services functionality, and as required by applicable law. Rotaready is a processor of Customer Data and Customer is the controller. Customer may, for example, use the Services to grant and remove access to a Realm, assign roles and configure settings, access, modify, export, share and remove Customer Data and otherwise apply its policies to the Services.
Rotaready uses Other Information in furtherance of our legitimate interests in operating our Services, Websites and business. More specifically, Rotaready uses Other Information:
To provide, update, maintain and protect our Services, Websites and business.
This includes use of Other Information to support delivery of the Services under a Subscription Agreement, prevent or address service errors, security or technical issues, analyse and monitor usage, trends and other activities or at an Authorised User's request.
As required by applicable law, legal process or regulation.
To communicate with you by responding to your requests, comments and questions.
If you contact us, we may use your Other Information to respond.
To develop and provide search, learning and productivity tools and additional features.
Rotaready tries to make the Services as useful as possible for specific Realms and Authorised Users. For example, we may improve search functionality by using Other Information to help determine and rank the relevance of content, channels or expertise to an Authorised User, make Services suggestions based on historical use and predictive models, identify organisational trends and insights, to customise a Services experience or create new productivity features and products.
To send emails and other communications.
We may send you service, technical and other administrative emails, messages and other types of communications. We may also contact you to inform you about changes in our Services, our Services offerings, and important Services-related notices, such as security and fraud notices. These communications are considered part of the Services and you may not opt out of them. In addition, we sometimes send emails about new product features, promotional communications or other news about Rotaready. These are marketing messages so you can control whether you receive them.
For billing, account management and other administrative matters.
Rotaready may need to contact you for invoicing, account management and similar reasons and we use account data to administer accounts and keep track of billing and payments.
To investigate and help prevent security issues and abuse.
If Information is aggregated or de-identified so it is no longer reasonably associated with an identified or identifiable natural person, Rotaready may use it for any business purpose. To the extent Information is associated with an identified or identifiable natural person and is protected as personal data under applicable data protection law, it is referred to in this Privacy Policy as "
Personal Data.
"
Data Retention
Rotaready will retain Customer Data in accordance with a Customer's instructions, including any applicable terms in the Subscription Agreement and Customer's use of Services functionality, and as required by applicable law. Depending on the Services plan, Customer may be able to customise its retention settings and apply those customised settings at the Realm level. The deletion of Customer Data and other use of the Services by Customer may result in the deletion and/or de-identification of certain associated Other Information. Rotaready may retain Other Information pertaining to you for as long as necessary for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. This may include keeping your Other Information after you have deactivated your account for the period of time needed for Rotaready to pursue legitimate business interests, conduct audits, comply with (and demonstrate compliance with) legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements.
How We Share And Disclose Information
This section describes how Rotaready may share and disclose Information. Customers determine their own policies and practices for the sharing and disclosure of Information, and Rotaready does not control how they or any other third parties choose to share or disclose Information.
Customer's Instructions.
Rotaready will solely share and disclose Customer Data in accordance with a Customer's instructions, including any applicable terms in the Subscription Agreement and Customer's use of Services functionality, and in compliance with applicable law and legal process.
Displaying the Services.
When an Authorised User submits Other Information, it may be displayed to other Authorised Users in the same Realm. For example, an Authorised User's email address may be displayed with their Realm profile.
Customer Access.
Owners, administrators, Authorised Users and other Customer representatives and personnel may be able to access, modify or restrict access to Other Information. This may include, for example, your employer using Service features to export logs of Realm activity, or accessing or modifying your profile details.
Third Party Service Providers and Partners.
We may engage third party companies or individuals as service providers or business partners to process Other Information and support our business. These third parties may, for example, provide virtual computing and storage services. Additional information about the sub-processors we use to support delivery of our Services is set forth in at
Subprocessors
.
Third Party Services.
Customer may enable or permit Authorised Users to enable Third Party Services. When enabled, Rotaready may share Other Information with Third Party Services. Third Party Services are not owned or controlled by Rotaready and third parties that have been granted access to Other Information may have their own policies and practices for its collection and use. Please check the privacy settings and notices in these Third Party Services or contact the provider for any questions.
Corporate Affiliates.
Rotaready may share Other Information with its corporate affiliates, parents and/or subsidiaries.
During a Change to Rotaready's Business.
If Rotaready engages in a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, reorganisation, sale of some or all of Rotaready's assets or stock, financing, public offering of securities, acquisition of all or a portion of our business, a similar transaction or proceeding, or steps in contemplation of such activities (e.g. due diligence), some or all Other Information may be shared or transferred, subject to standard confidentiality arrangements.
Aggregated or De-identified Data.
We may disclose or use aggregated or de-identified Other Information for any purpose. For example, we may share aggregated or de-identified Other Information with prospects or partners for business or research purposes, such as telling a prospective Rotaready customer the average amount of time spent within a typical Realm.
To Comply with Laws.
If we receive a request for information, we may disclose Other Information if we reasonably believe disclosure is in accordance with or required by any applicable law, regulation or legal process.
To enforce our rights, prevent fraud, and for safety.
To protect and defend the rights, property or safety of Rotaready or third parties, including enforcing contracts or policies, or in connection with investigating and preventing fraud or security issues.
With Consent.
Rotaready may share Other Information with third parties when we have consent to do so.
Security
Rotaready takes security of data very seriously. Rotaready works hard to protect Personal Data and Other Information you provide from loss, misuse, and unauthorised access or disclosure. These steps take into account the sensitivity of the Personal Data and Other Information we collect, process and store, and the current state of technology. We employ industry-grade encryption during transmission and while data is at rest. Given the nature of communications and information processing technology, Rotaready cannot guarantee that Information, during transmission through the Internet or while stored on our systems or otherwise in our care, will be absolutely safe from intrusion by others.
Age Limitations
To the extent prohibited by applicable law, Rotaready does not allow use of our Services and Websites by anyone younger than 13 years old. If you learn that anyone younger than this age has unlawfully provided us with Personal Data, please contact us and we will takes steps to delete such information.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
Rotaready may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. Laws, regulations and industry standards evolve, which may make those changes necessary, or we may make changes to our business. We will post the changes to this page and encourage you to review our Privacy Policy to stay informed. If we make changes that materially alter your privacy rights, Rotaready will provide additional notice, such as via email or through the Services. If you disagree with the changes to this Privacy Policy, you should deactivate your Services account. Contact us and the Customer if you wish to request the removal of Personal Data under their control.
Data Protection Officer
To communicate with our Data Protection Officer, please email
team@rotaready.com
.
Identifying The Data Controller And Processor
Data protection law in certain jurisdictions differentiates between the "controller" and "processor" of information. In general, Customer is the controller of Customer Data. In general, Rotaready is the processor of Customer Data and the controller of Other Information.
Your Rights
Individuals located in certain countries, including the European Economic Area, have certain statutory rights in relation to their Personal Data. Subject to any exemptions provided by law, you may have the right to request access to Information, as well as to seek to update, delete or correct this Information. You can sometimes do this using the settings and tools provided in your Services account. If you cannot use the settings and tools, contact Customer for additional access and assistance.
To the extent that Rotaready's processing of your Personal Data is subject to the General Data Protection Regulation, Rotaready relies on its legitimate interests, described above, to process your data. Rotaready may also process Other Information that constitutes your Personal Data for direct marketing purposes and you have a right to object to Rotaready's use of your Personal Data for this purpose at any time.
Data Protection Authority
Subject to applicable law, you also have the right to (i) restrict Rotaready's use of Other Information that constitutes your Personal Data and (ii) lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority or the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO), which is Rotaready's lead supervisory authority in the European Union. If you are a resident of the European Economic Area and believe we maintain your Personal Data within the scope of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), you may direct questions or complaints to our lead supervisory authority:
Information Commissioner's Office
Wycliffe House
Water Lane
Wilmslow
Cheshire
SK9 5AF
United Kingdom
Tel: +44 (0) 1625 545745
Email:
casework@ico.org.uk
Rotaready's ICO ​Registration ​Number: ZA297859
Contacting Rotaready
Please also feel free to contact Rotaready if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or Rotaready's practices, or if you are seeking to exercise any of your statutory rights. You may contact us at
team@rotaready.com
or at our mailing address below:
Rotaready Ltd
1 Hudson's Place
Victoria Station
London
SW1V 1JT
United Kingdom
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://rotaready.com/policies/security-privacy-architecture:
Security, Privacy & Architecture Documentation
Getting started
Overview
Terms
User Terms of Service
Data Processing Addendum
Policies
Privacy Policy
Acceptable Use Policy
Subprocessors
Security, Privacy & Architecture
Last updated: 21 May 2018
Rotaready's Corporate Trust Commitment
Rotaready is committed to achieving and maintaining the trust of our customers. Integral to this mission is providing a robust security and privacy program that carefully considers data protection matters across our suite of services, including data submitted by customers to our services ("
Customer Data
").
Services Covered
This documentation describes the architecture of, the security- and privacy-related audits and certifications received for, and the administrative, technical and physical controls applicable to, the Rotaready platform.
Some of the elements described in this documentation, such as log retention, back-ups, disaster recovery and return and deletion of data, do not apply to the temporary developer testing environments branded as "Sandboxes."
Architecture and Data Segregation
The Covered Services are operated in a multitenant architecture that is designed to segregate and restrict Customer Data access based on business needs. The architecture provides an effective logical data separation for different customers via customer-specific "Organisation IDs" and allows the use of customer and user role-based access privileges. Additional data segregation is ensured by providing separate environments for different functions, especially for testing and production. The specific infrastructure used to host Customer Data is described in the
Sub-processors
documentation.
Additionally, the Covered Services undergo security assessments by internal personnel and third parties, which include infrastructure vulnerability assessments and application security assessments, on at least an annual basis.
Control of Processing
Rotaready has implemented procedures designed to ensure that Customer Data is processed only as instructed by the customer, throughout the entire chain of processing activities by Rotaready and its sub-processors. In particular, Rotaready and its affiliates have entered into written agreements with their sub-processors containing privacy, data protection and data security obligations that provide a level of protection appropriate to their processing activities. Compliance with such obligations as well as the technical and organisational data security measures implemented by Rotaready and its sub-processors are subject to regular audits. The
Sub-processors
documentation describes the sub-processors and certain other entities material to Rotaready's provision of the Covered Services.
Security Controls
The Covered Services include a variety of configurable security controls that allow customers to tailor the security of the Covered Services for their own use. Please see additional information on such controls in the Rotaready Knowledge Base.
Security Policies and Procedures
The Covered Services are operated in accordance with the following policies and procedures to enhance security:
Customer passwords are stored using a one-way salted hash.
User access log entries will be maintained, containing date, time, user ID, URL executed or entity ID operated on, operation performed (created, updated, deleted) and source IP address. Note that source IP address might not be available if NAT (Network Address Translation) or PAT (Port Address Translation) is used by the User or its ISP.
If there is suspicion of inappropriate access, Rotaready can provide customers log entry records to assist in forensic analysis. This service will be provided to customers on a time and materials basis.
Data centre physical access logs, system infrastructure logs, and application logs will be kept for a minimum of 30 days. Logs will be kept in a secure area to prevent tampering.
Passwords are not logged.
Rotaready personnel will not set a defined password for a user. Passwords are reset to a random value (which must be changed on first use) and delivered automatically via email to the requesting user.
Intrusion Detection
Rotaready, or an authorised third party, will monitor the Covered Services for unauthorised intrusions using network-based and/or host-based intrusion detection mechanisms. Rotaready may analyse data collected by users' web browsers (e.g., device type, screen resolution, time zone, operating system version, browser type and version, system fonts, installed browser plug-ins, enabled MIME types, etc.) for security purposes, including to detect compromised browsers, to prevent fraudulent authentications, and to ensure that the Covered Services function properly.
Security Logs
All systems used in the provision of the Covered Services, including firewalls, routers, network switches and operating systems, log information to their respective system log facility or a centralised syslog server (for network systems) in order to enable security reviews and analysis.
Incident Management
Rotaready maintains security incident management policies and procedures. Rotaready notifies impacted customers without undue delay of any unauthorised disclosure of their respective Customer Data by Rotaready or its agents of which Rotaready becomes aware to the extent permitted by law.
Rotaready typically notifies customers of significant system incidents by email, and for incidents lasting more than one hour, may invite impacted customers to join a conference call about the incident and Rotaready's response.
User Authentication
Access to Covered Services requires authentication via one of the supported mechanisms, including user ID/password, SAML based Federation, Oauth, Social Login, or Delegated Authentication as determined and controlled by the customer. Following successful authentication, a random session ID is generated and stored in the user's browser to preserve and track session state.
Physical Security
Production data centres used to provide the Covered Services have access control systems that permit only authorised personnel to have access to secure areas. These facilities are designed to withstand adverse weather and other reasonably predictable natural conditions, utilise redundant electrical and telecommunications systems, employ environmental systems that monitor temperature, humidity and other environmental conditions, and contain strategically placed heat, smoke and fire detection and suppression systems. Facilities are secured by around-the-clock guards, interior and exterior surveillance cameras, two-factor access screening and escort-controlled access. In the event of a power failure, uninterruptible power supply and continuous power supply solutions are used to provide power while transferring systems to on-site back-up generators.
Reliability and Backup
All networking components, network accelerators, load balancers, Web servers and application servers are configured in a redundant configuration. All Customer Data submitted to the Covered Services is stored on a primary database server with multiple active clusters for higher availability. All Customer Data submitted to the Covered Services is stored on highly redundant carrier-class disk storage and multiple data paths to ensure reliability and performance. All Customer Data submitted to the Covered Services, up to the last committed transaction, is automatically replicated on a near real-time basis to the secondary site and is backed up on a regular basis and stored on backup media for an additional 30 days in production environments and 7 days in Sandbox environments, after which it is securely overwritten or deleted. Any backups are verified for integrity and stored in the same data centres as their instance.
Disaster Recovery
Production data centres are designed to mitigate the risk of single points of failure and provide a resilient environment to support service continuity and performance. The Covered Services utilise secondary facilities that are geographically diverse from their primary data centres, along with required hardware, software, and Internet connectivity, in the event Rotaready production facilities at the primary data centres were to be rendered unavailable.
Rotaready has disaster recovery plans in place and tests them at least once per year. The scope of the disaster recovery exercise is to validate the ability to failover a production instance from the primary data centre to the secondary data centre utilising developed operational and disaster recovery procedures and documentation.
The Covered Services' disaster recovery plans currently have the following target recovery objectives: (a) restoration of the Covered Service (recovery time objective) within 12 hours after Rotaready's declaration of a disaster; and (b) maximum Customer Data loss (recovery point objective) of 4 hours. However, these targets exclude a disaster or multiple disasters causing the compromise of both data centres at the same time, and exclude development and test bed environments, such as the Sandbox service.
Viruses
The Covered Services do not scan for viruses that could be included in attachments or other Customer Data uploaded into the Covered Services by a customer. Uploaded attachments, however, are not executed in the Covered Services and therefore will not damage or compromise the Covered Services by virtue of containing a virus.
Data Encryption
The Covered Services use industry-accepted encryption products to protect Customer Data and communications during transmission between a customer's network and the Covered Services and while at rest, including 256-bit TLS Certificates and 2048-bit RSA public keys at a minimum. Additionally, all data, including Customer Data, is transmitted between data centres for replication purposes across a dedicated, encrypted link utilising AES-256 encryption.
Return of Customer Data
Within 30 days post contract termination, customers may request return of their respective Customer Data submitted to the Covered Services (to the extent such data has not been previously deleted by Customer). Rotaready shall provide such Customer Data via a downloadable file in comma separated value (.csv) format and attachments in their native format.
Deletion of Customer Data
After termination of all licenses associated with an environment, Customer Data submitted to the Covered Services is retained in inactive status within the Covered Services for 30 days and a transition period of up to 30 days (which together shall not exceed a total of 60 days), after which it is securely overwritten or deleted. Customer Data submitted to the Covered Services (including Customer Data retained in inactive status) will be stored on backup for an additional 14 days in production environments and 7 days in Sandbox environments, after which it is securely overwritten or deleted. Physical media on which Customer Data is stored during the contract term is not removed from the data centres that Rotaready uses to host Customer Data unless the media is at the end of its useful life or being deprovisioned, in which case the media is first sanitised before removal. This process is subject to applicable legal requirements.
Without limiting the ability for customers to request return of their Customer Data submitted to the Covered Services, Rotaready reserves the right to reduce the number of days it retains such data after contract termination. Rotaready will update this Security, Privacy and Architecture Documentation in the event of such a change.
Analytics
Rotaready may track and analyse the usage of the Covered Services for purposes of security and helping Rotaready improve both the Covered Services and the user experience in using the Covered Services. For example, we may use this information to understand and analyse trends or track which of our features are used most often to improve product functionality.
Rotaready may share anonymous usage data with Rotaready's service providers for the purpose of helping Rotaready in such tracking, analysis and improvements. Additionally, Rotaready may share such anonymous usage data on an aggregate basis in the normal course of operating our business; for example, we may share information publicly to show trends about the general use of our services.
Interoperation with Other Services
The Covered Services may interoperate or integrate with other services provided by Rotaready or third parties.
We use cookies to improve your experience and for the personalisation of ads. By using our website, you consent to their use. See our
privacy policy
and Google's
privacy & terms
for more info.
Decline
Accept