Terms of Use
Article 1. Purpose
The purpose of Terms of use is to define the rights and responsibilities and other necessary matters between THE FACT(hereinafter referred to as ‘Company’) and user of FAN N STAR (hereinafter referred to as ‘user’) in regards to FAN N STAR and fandom community services (hereinafter referred to as ‘Company services’) provided by Company.
Article 2. The Term
① Service: Refers to all services that members can use regardless of portable data terminal implemented with wired devices including handheld terminals and telecommunication facilities.
② Member: A user who accesses Company's services in accordance with these Terms and uses the services provided by Company.
③ ID: A combination of letters and numbers that granted by Company  and selected by members for the users’ verification.
④ Passwords: A combination of letters or numbers to identify members for their personal information.
⑤ Domain: Internet address authorized by Company for the use of service. Company provides additional domain address depending on the service and situation.
⑥ Paid service: Online digital contents and the service provided by Company for a fee.
⑦ Post: Any information or documents including letters, codes, documents, pictures, sounds, links, files, or any combination thereof in using the Service.
Article 3. Display and Revision of The Terms and Conditions
① Company will display these Terms of Use on its service subscription page.
② Company may modify these Terms of Use from time to time. such modifications will only be made to the extent they do not violate any applicable laws including the Act on Promotion of Information and Communications Network Utilization and Information Protection (hereinafter referred to as ‘the Information and Communications Network Act’) .
③Users have a right to disagree against the modified terms and conditions.  In this case, users may apply for termination of this Terms of use and withdraw from Company membership at any time. Company shall make notifications of such modifications at least 7 days in advance within the applicable Services, and provide an individual notice to you. However, If your comments are not received during the above time period, you will be deemed to have consented to using the Services pursuant to the modified terms and conditions.
Article 4. The Definition of Term
① Sometimes additional terms and conditions or operation policies other than these Terms of use may additionally apply in order to reflect unique characteristics of individual Services. Therefore, in the event of any conflict between the additional terms and conditions or account policies or posting operation policies and these Terms of Use regarding the provision of such individual Services, the additional terms and conditions and operation policies shall prevail.
② If the matters not specified in these Terms and Conditions are stipulated in the related laws, they are subject to the regulations.
Article 5. Conclusion of User Contract
① You may sign up to be a Member after reading and providing your consent to these Terms of Use. Company completes the registration process by providing its approval and a use contract is signed.
② Company approve your the registration by default. However, if there is operational or technical issues, Company shall reserve its approval.
③ Company may not approve your subscription or may terminate these Terms of Use entered into between you and Company in following cases
- In case your account previously was disabled for violations of our terms or policies.
- In case you use another person’s e-mail address which does not belong to you.
- In case you provided false information or not provide required information.
- In the case the user subscribes to Company’s service for fraudulent purposes.
- In case you sign up to be a Member in violation of our terms and policies.
- In the case that a member is judged to be unfit for Company’s policy, or if it is inconvenient to provide and distribute services.
- In case you violate Company’ property rights and business rights or you are deemed to violate Company’ property rights and business rights.
-In case you use Company Services in ways which do not correspond with Company’s purpose of providing its services, which is based on the premise that it is the certain user (person) himself or herself that actually uses Company’s Services, such as joining or attempting to join as a Member, logging in or attempting to log in to Company service, posting or attempting to post on Company Service by using automated means (e.g., macro program, robot (bot), spider, scraper, etc.) without the prior permission from Company, or attempt to disable Company’s technical measures to block such abuse of Company Services (e.g., accessing by constantly changing IPs, making a detour or disabling Captcha through external solution, etc.).
④ Company can request identity verification of user through an online certificate authority or authentication procedure.
⑤ User may terminate these Terms of Use at any time.
⑥ In the case that the member chooses to omit or revise any personal information provided upon registration, the user must promptly correct and submit the changes. Company will not be liable for any loss incurred due to a delay in such revisions.
⑦ Company ranks its users in accordance to company policy, and may limit the use of service categorized by the time spent, the number of uses, and the menu of services.
⑧ Company reserves the right to add, delete, and revise content to requested user information items in accordance and compliance to Company’s privacy policy and any relevant laws.
Article 6. Obligation to Protect Personal Information
① Company is doing our best to manage our users’ personal information and is protecting personal information at a level of the standard required by related laws. Company shall apply our privacy policy to protection and use of personal information.
This Privacy Policy is not applied if personal information is collected in websites operated by other companies that are linked to FAN N STAR upon the user’s consent.
② Company can collect and use personal information for purposes which includes managing subscribers, developing, providing and improving services, and creating a safe internet user environment.
③ Company does not provide personal information to any external party without consent from the user or Company ‘s obligation to submit in accordance with related laws.
④ Company may provide links and other methods for users to conveniently use their account information for future services.
Article 7. User Account Policy
① Members are responsible for the management of their ID and password.
② Company may restrict the use of a current ID if it displays personal information, inappropriate content, or impersonates official personnel of Company.
③ You should not sell, transfer, lend or provide your account as security or allow others to use it.
④ Company is not liable for any loss caused by a user’s failure to follow these Terms of Use or manage their ID and password. It is also not responsible for any loss caused by illegal use of third parties without gross negligence.
⑤ All users must immediately notify Company and follow Company’s instructions if they acknowledge that their ID and password were compromised by a third party.
Article 8. Duties of Company)
① The major purpose of Company is to provide continuous and stable service.
② Company should be utilizing updated and advanced security systems for the Internet, and operate with an appropriate protection system for the provided services intact.
③ Company should seek resolutions for any opinions or complains from service users if it is verified to be legitimate.
④ Company abides by domestic privacy protection regulations, including the Act on Promotion of Information and Communications Network Utilization and Information Protection, Protection of Communications Secrets Act, Telecommunications Business Act etc related laws.
Article 9. Duties of The Users
① User should not take any of the following actions.
- To provide false information regarding your name, date of birth, mobile phone number, etc. when you sign up or edit personal information.
- surreptitious use of another individual’s personal information.
- To impersonate Company, executives and staff members
- To fraudulently revise the information Company published
- To infringe another person’s intellectual property right, copyright, confidential business information and patent rights.
- To violate Company’s or another person’s rights through insults, invasion of privacy or defamation
- To perform acts that cause sexual humiliation or development of distorted view towards sexuality by depicting provocative and explicit sexual activities, To posts that contain violent and stimulating contents which may cause sense of brutality or displeasure. Etc. Any acts against public order, good manners and customs
- To get other users’ personal information through hacking
- Any illegal acts that violating existing statute
② In accordance with the seriousness of the violation, Company may take appropriate measures to restrict the use of Services or to inevitably terminate these Terms of Use entered into between you and Company, also take measures against the investigation agency.
③ Members may not transfer, donate, or lease the right of use of the services and contracts to third parties without Company's prior consent, and may not provide them as collateral.
④ You may not use the service for any commercial purposes without the agreement of Company.
⑤ You must not engage in any illegal or unlawful activity.
Article 10. Provision and Changes of service
① Company provide following services for user
- FAN N STAR
- Any and all future services provided by Company, or any and all services provided in affiliation with another company.
② Company may have no other choice but to suspend its Services in part or in whole if there are any significant operational issues such as repair, inspection, replacement or disconnection of information communication facilities such as computers or servers.
③ Company reserves the right to execute periodic inspections when and if necessary. The inspection times are subject to be published on the maintenance service screen.
④ If there is a significant reason for service operation or improvement, Company may change, modify or terminate Services in part or in whole.
⑤ If Services are changed, modified or terminated in whole or in part, Company shall not make any separate compensation for the services provided free of charge.
Article 11. Displaying of Advertisements
① Company can provide advertisement through using Personal information user provided While user using various Company services. Users are deemed to agree with these Displaying of advertisements.
② Company will not be liable for any damage that were incurred because you participate in advertiser’s promotional activities, communicate with them or make any transaction between you and advertiser.
Article 12. Provision of information via e-mail
① Company can provide information if necessary for the use of the service through an e-mail address provided by the user.
Article 13. Limits and Restrictions of the Service Use
① Company may limit, stop, or suspend either all or part of the services provided without notice if the problem is anticipated to be or is a case of a national emergency, natural disaster, a radical change in ownership, or a technical difficulty that cannot be resolved.
② Company will not be held responsible for problems between users that occur in the service area.
③ The member’s use of service may be inhibited if Company detects loss and that the use of service was illegally compromised by a third party user due to the user’s mishandling of the account’s ID and password.
④ If Company is in the process of investigating the violation of Article 9 of the Agreement and the member is directly related to the specific violation, and if it is inevitable to protect the interests of other members and maintain the order of the service, the rights of use can be prohibited. In this case, Users can file a formal objection via e-mail.
Article 14. Contents provided by user
① The user claims responsibility and rights to the written and uploaded texts, images, videos, links, and additional information (“posts”) that are published by the user.
② The individual user is responsible for any loss or problems caused by publishing posts.
③ In the case a post is found to be in violation of copyright infringement, defamation of a third party, etc., Company reserves the right to delete its content.
④ If a company has received an appeal on loss due to infringement of the rights of others for the member’s post, the member who wrote the post must actively cooperate with Company for its immunity, and if Company fails to be indemnified, the Member shall be liable for any matter arising therefrom.
⑤ The copyright, intellectual property rights of Company service, and the copyright of the post created by Company belong to Company. However, it excludes copyrighted works that are provided solely or jointly by members under an affiliate agreement.
⑥ The postings posted by members in the service may be used in the medium, on the homepage, or other methods (including those now known and developed in the future) for search results, service operations and promotions. It shall be posted within the extent for such exposure by the some modifications, duplicates, edits, and postings. In this case, Company is in compliance with copyright law, and members can take action at any time through the Customer Center or in-service management functions to remove such posts, exclude search results, or make them private.
⑦ The user will take civil and criminal responsibility if their posting violates intellectual property or copyrights of Company or its third party.
Article 15. Copyright and Management of The Posts
① Company have our own rights such as intellectual property rights and copyrights regarding the post that Company create and post.
② User have your own rights such as intellectual property rights and copyrights regarding the post that you post.
③ Members may not use the information obtained by using the service for commercial purposes without the consent of Company.
④ Company may expose contents provided by user within Company Services, utilizing them for promotion of Services or search result. Contents may be modified, copied or edited for such exposure. In this case, Company abide by applicable laws such as the Copyright Act. User may request measures to delete, make your contents private, or exclude your contents from search results through management functions or Customer Center. The following terms are valid while Company maintains ownership of the service, and is still applicable after the member resigns.
⑤ Company may delete or refuse to register without prior notice if the member's post is found to have a complaint from a third party regarding the copyright issue. Copyright and other related laws and regulations are subject to restrictions.
⑥ If a member's post contains content that is violation of relevant laws such as the Information and Communications Network Act, and the Copyright Act, the right holder can request the posting to be deleted or stopped, and Company should take a measure in accordance with the relevant law.
⑦ Even if the legal holder does not ask for the rights, Company may take provisional measures against such post according to relevant laws in the case of there is a reason for the violation of the rights, the Terms of Use, other company policies, or related laws.
⑧ As a rule, others including Company cannot access user’s closed post. However Company can access the post in response to a legal request (like a search warrant, court order or subpoena) if we have a good faith belief that law requires us to do so.
Article 16. Purchase Content
① Users can purchase content provided by the company through application stores, and other channels.
② Users who pay for content purchases can use the services of PG or global platforms.
③ Users can purchase rainbow stars and Fanbership by purchasing content.
Article 17. Content Usage
① Fan N Star operates on a point system, and points can be used for voting and additional services.
② Points are divided into daily stars (points) and rainbow stars (points), and points are distinguished according to service policies.
③ Daily stars are valid for 15 days from the date of acquisition, and rainbow stars are valid for 1 year from the date of acquisition.
④ Fanbership rights are divided into 2 types: expiry and subscription.
⑤ Expiry type can only be used within 3 months, and rainbow stars and video free passes are given.
⑥ Subscription type is paid regularly every month and rainbow stars and video free passes are given.
Article 18 (cancellation and refund payment).
< When paying just for a Rainbow Star >
① Paid content provided by the company to users can be canceled and refunded within 7 days of the payment date.
② Cancellation and refund after 7 days from payment are not possible if the user changes their mind or if points have been used.
③ When a user requests cancellation or refund, the company will do its best to complete the refund as soon as possible.
< When paying for a Fanbership >
① The company will process contract cancellation and reFanbership sold on the Apple/Google App Store in accordance with the refund policy of each company's store.
② Paid content provided by the company to users can be canceled and refunded within 48 hours of the payment date.
③ Cancellation and refund are not possible after 48 hours from payment.
Article 19. Stop and Cancellation of The Service Use
① members may apply for termination of this Term of Service and withdraw from Company membership at any time, and in such case, Company shall process such application without delay.
② In the case that a user wishes to pause their service, Company may request an account suspension via e-mail. If Company receives this request, Company will promptly resolve the issue.
③ If you do not comply with applicable laws or violate any provisions in these Terms of use, Company provide precautions regarding the use of Company Services or restrict the use of Services by suspending a part or all of Company Services on a temporary or permanent basis or terminate these Terms of Use entered into between you and Company.
④ If user run illegal program or upload viruses or other malicious codes or abnormal use of service functions in order to interfere with smooth operation of Company Services violating Information and Communications Network Act, Computer Programs Protection Act or Copyright Act, Company shall suspend all of Company Services on a permanent basis.
⑤ Members may file an objection in accordance with the procedures established by Company for restrictions of use under this section. If Company considers that the objection is justified, Company shall immediately resume the use of the service.
Article 20. Limitation of Liability
① Company will not be held responsible for any limitations of Company services caused by the user’s noncompliance with Company’s Terms of Use
② Company is not responsible for members’ actions or conduct (whether online or offline) or any content they share (including offensive, inappropriate, obscene, unlawful, and other objectionable content).
③ Company shall not be liable for damages incurred by exchange of opinion, transaction, etc. between you and other members by the medium of Company service
④ Our liability shall be limited to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, and under no circumstance will we be liable to you for any lost profits, revenues, information, or data, or consequential, special, indirect, exemplary, punitive, or incidental damages arising out of or related to these Terms or the FAN N STAR Products, even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages.
⑤Company will not be liable for any damages that were incurred because Company was unable to provide its Services due to any force majeure events or user was unable to use the Services due to his/her own willful misconduct or negligence.
⑥ Company may have no other choice but to suspend its Services in part or in whole if there are any significant operational issues such as repair, inspection, replacement or disconnection of information communication facilities such as computers or servers. Meanwhile if there is a significant need for service operation or improvement, Company may change, modify or terminate Services in part or in whole. In this case, Company shall not make any separate compensation and will not be liable for any damages that were incurred while the services are suspended even if Company has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
⑦ Users are held responsible for any and all damages and loss of information on their computer system caused by downloading or accessing additional programs and information to use Company’s service at their own discretion.
⑧ Company shall be exempted from liability in the event that the telecommunications carrier ceases to provide telecommunication services or fails to provide the normal service.
⑨ Company does not claim responsibility for any loss that occurs due to the user’s computer malfunctions, incorrect personal information, and the mismanagement of the user’s own password.
⑩ Company is not liable for any and all problems that occur external to Company’s area of management or protection services. Company also does not claim responsibility for any problems that are the result of advanced network hacking attempts that overwhelm the capabilities of implemented protection systems.
⑪ Company does not claim or endorse responsibility for the content provided for the accuracy, content, completion, legality, reliability, etc. of information. Ultimately, Company is not responsible for the failure to save, misguidance, and distribution of information.
⑫ Company has no obligation to intervene in any dispute between our members or between members and third parties. Also Company shall not be liable for damages between you and other members or between members and third parties.
⑬ Company will not be held responsible to compensate in the case that members did not obtain the expected results of the Company service. Company will also be exempt from any liability for damages or loss from the selection or use of the service.
⑭ Company is not obligated to review all contents before user publication/publishing and not responsible for outcomes resulting.
Article 21. Applicable Laws and Jurisdiction
① Related laws and Commercial customs may apply to Issues which is not described in these Terms of Use.
② This English version of the Terms of Use is a translation based on the original Korean version of the Terms of Use. If there is any conflict between these two versions, the original Korean version of the Terms of Use shall prevail. The relationship between you and Company in relation to the Terms of Use shall be governed by the laws of Republic of Korea. Any dispute arising between you and Company arising out of or in connection with the Terms of Use or Company Services, shall be resolved in accordance with the procedures set out in the Civil Procedure Act of Republic of Korea.
Privacy Policy
THE FACT Inc., running ‘FAN N STAR’, will value all Personal Information provided by you.
The Privacy Policy provides information on the information THE FACT(“Company”) collects, how the collected information is used, the way to safely manage our user’s personal information.  Users will be notified of any revisions to this Privacy Policy, including any newly added, deleted or updated information, through ‘Notice’
※ Privacy Policy Effective date: May 2, 2016
1. Collected Personal Information
2. Use of the Collected Personal Information
3. Retention and usage period of personal information
4. Destruction of Personal Information
5. Provision of Personal Information
6. Entrustment of Personal Information
7. User and Legal Representative’s Rights and How to Exercise Those Rights
8. Matters regarding the installation, operation, and rejection of the automatic collection device of personal information
9. The Chief Privacy Officer and the Responsible Personnel
1. Collected Personal Information
The following personal information is collected for subscription, service request, customer services.
Collected Content : Users’ ‘ID, name, email, mobile phone number
Method to Collect Personal Information : subscription to FAN N STAR website
2. Use of the Collected Personal Information
Company uses personal information only for purposes described below.
A Contract for Service Delivery.
Provision of existing services, including contents
Subscriber Management Purposes
Personal information is used to confirm user’s intent to subscribe to FAN N STAR, verify the user and user’s age, prevent fraudulent subscriptions and misuse, records of misuse, including records on fraudulent subscriptions and disciplinary actions, customer services, deliver disclaimers
Usage in Marketing and Advertising.
Personal information is used to develop and specialized new products, provide existing services, including contents and advertisement, information on events and provide opportunities to participate and also used to analyze demographic data, service visitations and use records.
3. The Storage and Period of Usage of Information
As a rule, the Company destroys personal information immediately after the user unsubscribes from the service. However, related Statutes require Company to store the information for a period of time, as it described. Company will store the personal information for the period prescribed by law.
Preserved Content : Users’ ‘ID, name, email, mobile phone number
Proof of preservation : Identity Verification System
Period of preservation : 6 months
4. Destruction of Personal Information
Personal information is immediately destroyed once the purpose of the information collection and storage has been fulfilled. Process and Method of Destruction is as below.
Process of Destruction
The information that the user provided upon registration is transferred to a unique database (in the case of paperwork, it is filed separately) after its purpose is achieved, where it is then destroyed after its intended period of use, in accordance to internal policy and other protection laws. Personal information transferred to a unique database will not be used for any other purpose than that issued and protected by law.
Method of Destruction
- Personal information stored in electronic files is safely deleted using technical to prevent it from being restored for regenerated.
5. Provision of Personal Information
As a rule, Company does not provide personal information to any external party. However, the following cases are an exception.
- When users have given consent in advance.
- when Company is obligated to submit personal information in accordance with related laws and regulations, and to resolve emergency situations where the user’s life or safety is confirmed to be endangered.
6. Entrustment of Personal Information
As a rule, Company does not entrusts personal information to any external party without consent from the user.
If Company unavoidably needs to entrusts personal information, We will explain it to you and receive your consent in advance.
7. User and Legal Representative’s Rights and How to Exercise Those Rights
Users can view or update their personal information at any time. Users can withdraw their consent to the collection and use of their personal information at any time. If the user is a child under the age of 14, the child’s legal representative has to right to view and update the child’s personal information, and to withdraw the consent to the collection and use of the child’s personal information.
If a user requests that errors in their personal information be corrected, the personal information that is to be corrected cannot be used or provided until the corrections are made. If incorrect personal information has already been provided to a third party, the corrected information will be immediately notified to the third party so that necessary corrections can be made.
Personal information that has been terminated or deleted at the request of the user or legal representative is processed as specified in the "the storage and period of usage of information" and is prohibited from being viewed or accessed for other purposes.
8. Matters Regarding the Installation, Operation, and Rejection of the Automatic Collection Device of Personal Information.
Cookies are small pieces of text used to store information on web browsers.
Cookies are used to store and receive identifiers and other information on computers, phones, and other devices. Other technologies, including data we store on your web browser or device, identifiers associated with your device, and other software, are used for similar purposes. In this policy, we refer to all of these technologies as “cookies.”
we use them for the following purposes:
[Purpose of cookie use]
- Cookies are used to analyze service use records, access frequencies and time of visitation, calculate statistics on service use, to understande user’s field of interest and provide customized services based on statistics, and place advertisements. Cookies are also used to provide information on events and provide opportunities to participate, to provide advertisement and for other marketing and promotion purposes. You have total control of cookies.
Thus you can choose whether browser cookies are set and to delete them, check them saved and disable them by browser or device settings.
[How to ecline cookies]
For example : You can set or disable cookies and check them saved by browser or device settings.Example of changing settings ( i.e. Internet Explorer)
: Web browser’s toolbar > Internet Options > Personal Information
However, Certain parts of the Company Services may not work properly if you have disabled browser cookie use.
9. The Chief Privacy Officer and the Responsible Personnel
FAN N STAR has designated the following persons as the Chief Privacy Officer and Personal Information Manager. They will be responsible for answering FAN N STAR users’ inquiries regarding personal information and resolving any related complaints.
[Chief Privacy Officer]
Name : Park Jae-gwan
Affiliation and Position : Media Development Office
Phone : 02-3151-9411
Email : bluesoul@tf.co.kr
[Personal Information Manager]
Name : Kwang-Hoon Lee
Affiliation and Position : Management Office
Phone : 02-3151-9410
Email : khlee@tf.co.kr
※ Privacy Policy Effective date: May 2, 2016
Daily missions completed
OK
It is not a voting period currently.
OK
Share
Copy page URL