OUTSIDE® TERMS OF USE
Last Updated: March 4, 2025
These Terms of Use govern your use of any website, application, or service (collectively the “Services”) owned and operated by Outside Interactive, Inc., a Delaware corporation with offices at 1600 Pearl St., Boulder CO, 80302, or its affiliates and subsidiaries (collectively referred to as “Outside,” the “Company,” “we,” or “our” as applicable) that displays or links to these Terms of Use.
PLEASE NOTE THAT SECTION 11 OF THESE TERMS OF USE CONTAINS AN ARBITRATION AGREEMENT, A CLASS ACTION WAIVER PROVISION, AND A MASS ARBITRATION WAIVER PROVISION. PLEASE READ THE ARBITRATION PROVISION IN THIS AGREEMENT AS IT AFFECTS HOW ANY DISPUTES BETWEEN YOU AND OUTSIDE WOULD BE RESOLVED.
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE SERVICES. BY VISITING, VIEWING, OR USING THE SERVICES, YOU (ON BEHALF OF YOURSELF AND ANY ORGANIZATION YOU REPRESENT) ARE AGREEING TO THESE TERMS OF USE AND TO OUR
PRIVACY POLICY
. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THESE TERMS OF USE, PLEASE DO NOT USE THE SERVICES.
1. Structure of the Terms
Outside is proud to offer a broad spectrum of active lifestyle content and experiences. These Terms of Use apply to your use of and interaction with those Services. Sections 2-14 address our universal terms, and Appendix A contains additional product and service-specific terms. Those product and service-specific terms are meant to apply in addition to, and incorporate by this reference, all terms as stated in these Terms of Use. In the event of a conflict between anything in these Terms of Use and the terms as stated in Appendix A, the terms in Appendix A shall prevail, with respect to and in the context of that specific matter only
2. Modification
2.1 Modification of the Services. We reserve the right to modify the Services at any time with or without notice to you and without liability. For example, we may add, modify or remove functionality or features, and we may suspend or stop a particular feature or service offering altogether.
2.2 Modification of Terms. We also reserve the right to modify these Terms of Use at any time. When such changes are made, we will make a copy of the new Terms of Use available to you on our website. By continuing to use or log in to the Services after these Terms of Use have changed, you indicate your agreement to the revised Terms of Use. If you do not agree to our changes, you can stop using the Services at any time.
3. Accounts & Subscriptions; Payments
3.1 Registration. If you register to use the Services or download one of our applications, we may require you to create an account password in order to make purchases, subscribe to our services, or use certain features on the Services. You must be at least 18 years or older to independently register as a user and create an account. If you are between the ages of 13-18, you may use some Services only with the supervision and consent of a parent or guardian. No individual under these age limits may use the Services, provide any Personal Data (as that term is defined in our
PRIVACY POLICY
) to Outside, or otherwise submit Personal Data through the Services (e.g., a name, address, telephone number, or email address).
To create an account, you must provide truthful and accurate information. Do not impersonate anyone else when you create your account. If your registration information changes at any time, you agree to update your account to reflect those changes.
3.2 Account Security. You may not share your account with anyone else. Please keep your account password confidential, and try not to use the same password on other websites. You are solely responsible for all activities, including payments, that occur using your account. If you believe that your account has been compromised at any time, please contact us at
support@outsideinc.com
. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of all actions that take place within your account. We are not responsible for any loss that results from any unauthorized use of your username and password.
3.3 Account Monitoring and Suspension. We reserve the right, but have no obligation, to monitor any accounts and/or activities conducted through or related to the Services. We may also deactivate, terminate or suspend your account or access to certain Services at any time for reasons including, but not limited to, the following: (1) a violation of these Terms of Use; (2) if we determine, in our sole discretion, that you have created a risk or possible legal exposure for Outside or any third party; (3) upon any discontinuation of material modification to our Services; (4) unexpected technical security issues or problems; (5) deletion of your information, files and Content associated with your account in association with a request by you; (6) nonpayment of any fees owed by you in connection with the Services; or (7) extended periods of inactivity. Any termination or suspension of your account shall be at Outside’s sole discretion and Outside shall not be liable to you or any third party for any suspension or termination of your account or access to the Services.
3.4 Subscriptions, Memberships and Paid Services. As a registered user, you may subscribe to certain premium, paid services, print subscriptions, or memberships available via the Services (collectively “Subscriptions”). A Subscription will enable you to access certain additional features and content when available. Your use of premium content and features as a paid subscriber is subject to these Terms of Use, including Section 4 (Limitations on Use of the Services). Print Subscriptions may be fulfilled through a third party. Where applicable, the delivery of your print Subscription is subject to the availability and capacity of such third party and its delivery partners. There may be variability or delays in the dates and times of delivery of our print products.
3.5 Pricing.
Subscribers agree to pay the fees listed on the subscription sign up page, as well as any applicable taxes, for the subscription term listed on that page. Applicable taxes vary depending on jurisdiction. We may not be able to notify you in advance of changes to applicable taxes.
By signing up for and using a Subscription, you agree to waive your 14-day right of withdrawal at the moment you subscribe, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, in exchange for immediate access.
If applicable to the particular Subscription, you may modify your Subscription by upgrading or downgrading your Subscription type at any time. When you modify your Subscription, the change will become effective at the end of the then-current Subscription term.
Subscription payments are non-refundable except at our sole discretion and in accordance with the rules governing each Subscription.
3.6 Notice of Auto Renewal; Effect of Cancellation.
To provide continuous service to paid subscribers who purchase a Subscription, unless otherwise stated, we automatically renew your Subscription at Outside’s then-current Subscription fee for such Subscription, as well as any applicable taxes. The renewal term is usually the same duration as the original Subscription term (for example, a one-month Subscription will renew on a monthly basis and a one-year Subscription will renew on an annual basis).
BY MAKING A SUBSCRIPTION PURCHASE ON THE SERVICES, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOUR ACCOUNT WILL BE SUBJECT TO THE ABOVE-DESCRIBED AUTOMATIC RENEWALS AND THAT WE (OR OUR PAYMENT PROCESSOR (AS DEFINED BELOW), AS APPLICABLE) ARE AUTHORIZED TO CHARGE YOU FOR YOUR SUBSCRIPTION FOR AS LONG AS YOUR SUBSCRIPTION CONTINUES. AT ANY TIME, IF YOU DO NOT WISH YOUR ACCOUNT TO RENEW AUTOMATICALLY OR IF YOU WISH TO CANCEL YOUR SUBSCRIPTION, YOU CAN: (A) NAVIGATE TO YOUR MEMBERSHIP SETTINGS UNDER YOUR ACCOUNT PAGE; (B) CLICK
HERE
; OR (C) EMAIL
SUPPORT@OUTSIDEINC.COM
. IF YOU PURCHASED YOUR SUBSCRIPTION THROUGH A THIRD PARTY (SUCH AS GOOGLE PLAY OR IOS), YOU MUST USE THE THIRD-PARTY PLATFORM OR CONTACT THE THIRD PARTY DIRECTLY TO CANCEL OR MAKE CHANGES TO YOUR SUBSCRIPTION.
Cancellations are effective as of the following billing cycle. In order to avoid future charges, you must cancel your Subscription prior to the end of your then-current Subscription term. EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE STATED IN THESE TERMS OF USE OR AS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW, SUBSCRIPTION FEES ARE NONREFUNDABLE. You will not receive a refund for the current billing cycle and will continue to have the same access and benefits for the remainder of the current Subscription term. We reserve the right to issue refunds or credits at our sole discretion. If we issue a refund or credit, we are under no obligation to issue the same or similar refund in the future.
Please note that your paid Subscription may be interrupted as a result of a canceled or expired payment card or other payment method. It is your responsibility to keep your payment card or payment method details up to date to continue accessing the Services. If a payment is not successfully settled and you do not edit your Payment Method information or cancel your Subscription, you acknowledge that you remain responsible for any uncollected amounts and authorize us to continue billing the Payment Method, as it may be updated.
3.7 Free Trials and Other Promotions and Discounts.
We may occasionally offer free trials or other promotions and discounts (collectively, a “Promotional Offer”). Such Promotional Offer will last for the period of time specified upon redemption. The specific terms of each Promotional Offer are stated at the time the Promotional Offer is communicated. Each Promotional Offer may be different. Promotional Offers cannot be combined with other offers or promotions, or exchanged, refunded, or redeemed for cash. The terms and conditions of a specific Promotional Offer may include additional restrictions on its use. Promotional Offer eligibility is determined at the time of the order. Active accounts are not eligible for Promotional Offer redemptions.
You are required to provide your payment details when you sign up for a Promotional Offer. Where applicable, to redeem a Promotional Offer, enter the applicable code before you make your payment. It is your responsibility to use a Promotional Offer before it expires. Promotional Offers may not be applied retroactively.
If you begin your Subscription with a Promotional Offer, unless otherwise set forth in the Promotional Offer, we will begin billing your Payment Method (as defined below) for the applicable subscription fees (including taxes where applicable) at the end of the Promotional Offer period unless you cancel your Subscription prior to the end of the Promotional Offer period in accordance with Section 3.6. Where required by law, we will notify you in advance that the Promotional Offer is about to end.
3.8 Payments. All payments related to your Subscription or other purchases made from your registration account must be made from a payment method on which you are the named account holder (the “Payment Method”). Unless otherwise stated, all fees due for the Subscription(s) are payable in advance, and will be billed automatically to the Payment Method. You must provide accurate and complete information in connection with such payment processing. You agree that we will not be liable for any loss caused by any unauthorized use of your payment card or any other method of payment by a third party in connection with the Services. Any attempt to defraud the Company through the use of payment cards or other payment methods will result in immediate termination of your account and civil and/or criminal prosecution. In the case of suspected or fraudulent payment, including use of stolen credentials, by anyone, or any other fraudulent activity, we reserve the right to block your account. We are entitled to inform relevant authorities or entities (including credit reference agencies) of any payment fraud or other unlawful activity, and may employ collection services to recover payments.
3.9 Payment and Financial Transaction Processing. We may use third party electronic payment processors and/or financial institutions (“Payment Processors”) to process financial transactions. You irrevocably authorize us, as necessary, to instruct such Payment Processors to handle such transactions and you irrevocably agree that we may give such instructions on your behalf in accordance with your requests as submitted on the Services. You agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of each applicable Payment Processor. In the event of conflict between these Terms of Use and the Payment Processor terms and conditions, these Terms of Use shall govern.
3.10 Fee Changes. The Company reserves the right to increase Subscription fees or to institute new fees at any time with reasonable advance notice. If you do not wish to pay the new prices, you can cancel your Subscription prior to the change becoming effective.
3.11 Restrictions on Purchases. We may offer opportunities to purchase products via the Services. Certain products may have limited quantities. We reserve the right to refuse any order you place, limit quantities purchased per person, per household, or per order, or cancel orders that you place. In the event that we make a change to or cancel your order, we may attempt to contact you using the contact information you provided when you placed your order. We reserve the right to limit or prohibit orders that, in our sole judgment, appear to be placed by resellers, distributors, dealers or other commercial entities.
4. Limitations on Use of the Services
4.1 Use Restrictions. The Services are available for your personal, noncommercial use. Noncommercial use does not include the use of the Services without prior written consent from Outside in connection with the development of any software program, including, but not limited to, training a machine learning or artificial intelligence (AI) system. Please do not use the Services in a way that violates any laws, infringes anyone’s rights, is offensive, or interferes with the Services or any features on the Services (including any technological measures we employ to enforce these Terms of Use). Please do not attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Services or its associated computer systems or networks. If we (in our sole discretion) determine that you have acted inappropriately, we reserve the right to terminate your account and access to the Services (with or without refunding any payments you have made for premium access to the Services at our discretion), prohibit you from using the Services, and take appropriate legal action. Using the Services or purchasing a Subscription does not give you ownership of any intellectual property rights to the content that you access. You may not use content from the Services unless you obtain prior written permission from us, or unless you are otherwise permitted to do so by law. When you use the Services, you agree to comply with all laws applicable to you.
4.2 Interactions on the Services. The Services may function as a venue to connect subscribers or members and may allow sharing of information in certain ways, including features such as liking, commenting, and sharing. The Company is a neutral facilitator with no direct involvement in interactions on the Services or control over the truth, accuracy, quality, legality, or safety of posts made by users. As a user of the Services, exercise common sense and good judgment and refer to the Company for investigation of any use that is not in compliance with these Terms of Use.
5. Ownership and Use of Content; User Submissions; Acceptable Use
5.1 Definitions. As used in these Terms of Use, “Content” means any form of information, data, or creative expressions and includes, without limitation, video, films, audio, photographs, images, designs, illustrations, articles, workouts, recipes, training plans, software, features and all intellectual property embodied therein, any of which may be generated, provided or otherwise made available or accessible on or through the Services. “User Generated Content” has the meaning as stated in Section 5.3 below, “User Content” has the meaning as stated in Section 5.4 below, and “Outside Content” is anything that is not User Generated Content or User Content.
5.2 Outside Content License. All Outside Content and all copyright, trademarks, design rights, patents and other intellectual property rights (registered and unregistered) in and to the Services belong to Outside and/or its partners or applicable third parties. Subject to your compliance with these Terms of Use, we grant you a limited, revocable, personal, non-transferable and non-exclusive right and license to access and use the Services and the Outside Content for your own personal, noncommercial purposes, provided that you do not (and do not allow any third party to) copy, modify, creative derivative works, reverse engineer, sell, assign, sublease, transfer or otherwise commercially exploit any right in the Outside Services or Content.
5.3 User Generated Content License. We may provide solicited or unsolicited opportunities for you to post, upload, or submit content on or through the Services (collectively, “User Generated Content”), including User Content (as defined below). This is completely voluntary and you agree that you are solely responsible for any User Generated Content you submit to the Services. Such User Generated Content may also include information as to what Content you have viewed, shared or interacted with on the Services. Other than User Content, all information that you post, upload, or submit may be publicly accessible via the Services and used in Outside promotional content. You waive all moral rights or rights of attribution to the User Generated Content. You grant Outside, its agents, licensees, and assigns and any other third party it designates, an irrevocable, perpetual, world-wide, non-exclusive, sub-licensable, royalty-free, and transferable right and license to reproduce, encode, store, copy, transmit, publish, resell, post, broadcast, display, publicly perform, adapt, modify, create derivative works of, exhibit, and otherwise use User Generated Content. You also grant each user of the Services a perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive license to access the User Generated Content that you post, upload, or submit and to use, reproduce, distribute, display, and perform such content as permitted through the functionality of the Services and under these Terms of Use. User Generated Content made to the Services may also be included in our RSS feeds and APIs and made available for republishing through other formats. This license continues even if you stop using the Services.
The Company reserves the right to reject the User Generated Content in its sole discretion. User Generated Content may be edited or removed at our discretion and you waive any rights you may have in having the material altered or changed in a manner not agreeable to you. By submitting User Generated Content, you consent to the display and publication of such content on or within the services and for related online and offline promotional uses.
5.4 Personal User Content. We may provide opportunities for you to store your own preferences, settings, or content for later retrieval on certain Services (“User Content”). Where we have made such opportunities available to you, we will honor the choices you make about who can see certain aspects of the User Generated Content you submit via the Services. User Content is a form of User Generated Content and subject to Section 4 of these Terms of Use. We reserve the right to remove User Content from the Services at our discretion, including if the User Content violates these Terms of Use. User Content may be subject to inadvertent damage, corruption, or loss. User Content that is deleted may be irretrievable. We are not liable for deletion of, correction of, destruction of, damage to, loss of, or failure to store or encrypt any User Content. We recommend that you always backup User Content.
5.5 Representations & Warranties. If you submit any User Generated Content by any means, you represent and warrant that: (a) you are not violating any law; (b) you are not impersonating another person; (c) you own the User Generated Content; (d) you have the right to post, upload, or submit the User Generated Content; (e) all User Generated Content represents your own work; (f) you did not purchase any of the User Generated Content prior to submitting it to the Company; (g) you have redacted any sensitive personal information or other personally identifiable information that you do not wish to be made publicly available; (h) by uploading User Generated Content you agree to intentionally disclose the User Generated Content to other users on the Services subject to these Terms of Use; and (i) you may not be compensated for User Generated Content submitted via the Services at the Company’s discretion.
5.6 Acceptable Use Policy. When you post, upload, or submit User Generated Content to the Services, or otherwise when you use the Services, you agree that you will not (and will not permit any third party to):
Infringe any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, right of publicity, or other right of any other person or entity;
Violate, or intentionally or unintentionally promote any activity that would violate, applicable law;
Submit or upload content that is false, misleading, untruthful, threatening, unlawful, harassing, defamatory, discriminatory, libelous, deceptive, abusive, fraudulent, invasive of another person’s privacy, tortious, obscene, pornographic, offensive, profane, or otherwise inappropriate. Hate speech of any kind is grounds for immediate and permanent suspension of access to all or part of the Services;
Submit or upload content for any commercial purpose or for unauthorized or unsolicited advertising purposes;
Impersonate any person or entity or otherwise misrepresent your identity or affiliation;
Use robots, spiders, scripts, service, software or any manual or automatic device, tool, or process designed to data mine or scrape Content available on the Services, data or information from the Services, or otherwise use, access, or collect content, data or information from the Services using automated means;
Use automated means to submit content to the Services; or
Use the Content for the development of any software program, including, but not limited to, training a machine learning or artificial intelligence (AI) system.
Violate our
Activity Feed Guidelines, Commenting and Moderation Policy
or any terms concerning the specific Service that you are provided with when you sign up for or start using the Service, or that are referenced therein.
5.7 Indemnification for User Generated Content. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless the Company, its parent and affiliate companies, and their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, representatives, content providers, licensors and licensees, insurers, and assigns (collectively, the “Representatives”) from any and all claims arising out of any User Generated Content.
5.8 Release Agreement. You release and discharge the Company, its parent and affiliate companies, and their respective Representatives of any and all claims arising out of your disclosure of User Generated Content, including but not limited to any use of the User Generated Content by a user of the Services for a purpose that the Company prohibits in these Terms of Use.
5.9 User Generated Content Disclaimer. We are not responsible for, and do not endorse, User Generated Content. Accordingly, we may not be held liable, directly or indirectly, for any loss or damage caused to you in connection with any User Generated Content posted by another person, including as a result of your interactions with other users of the Services. You acknowledge that any reliance upon any opinion, advice, statement, or information contained in User Generated Content will be at your sole risk.
5.10 Outside Content Disclaimer. We make no representations as to the accuracy, reliability or completeness of any Outside Content that is published on or made available through the Services, and we make no commitment to update such Content.
5.11 Feedback and Unsolicited Material. Any feedback, concepts, comments, reviews, suggestions, or other materials you may provide regarding the Services or in any communication you may send to us, including responses to questionnaires or through postings to the Services (collectively, “Feedback”) is entirely voluntary and we will be free to use such Feedback in perpetuity as we see fit, for any purpose whatsoever, including but not limited to, developing, manufacturing and marketing products and creating, modifying or improving the Services, and without any compensation, acknowledgement or obligation to you. In addition, you agree not to enforce any “moral rights” in and to the Feedback, to the extent permitted by applicable law.
6. Trademark & Copyright Restrictions
6.1 Outside Rights. All trademarks, logos, and service marks displayed on the Services are registered and unregistered trademarks of Outside and/or of third parties who have authorized their use (collectively the “Trademarks”). You may not use, copy, reproduce, republish, upload, post, transmit, distribute, or modify any of these Trademarks in any way. All of the materials on the Services are copyrighted, except where explicitly noted otherwise. We will enforce our intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law, including the seeking of criminal prosecution, if necessary.
6.2 Copyright Violations. If you believe any information on the Services infringes your copyrights or applicable law, please contact us with the following information:
a description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed;
a description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located;
your email address or other contact information that is sufficient for us to contact you;
a statement by you that you in good faith believe that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
a statement by you that the above information in your notice to Outside is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on behalf of the owner.
Notices should be directed to:
legal@outsideinc.com
or by mail at:
Outside Interactive, Inc.
1600 Pearl St.,
Boulder, CO 80302
Attention: Legal Department
7. Third Party Integrations and Features
7.1 Additional Features. Certain features on the Services may be subject to separate terms, which will be presented in conjunction with those features. Your use of those features will be governed by those separate terms.
7.2 Third Party Links & Ads. The Services may contain links to third party websites, services and events (collectively, “Third Party Links”). That doesn’t mean that we control or endorse such Third Party Links or any goods or services sold on Third Party Links. We are not responsible for the content, policies or activities associated with any Third Party Links and you interact with Third Party Links at your own risk. Similarly, the Services may contain ads from third parties. We do not control or endorse any products being advertised.
7.3 Third Party Software. The Services may incorporate certain third party software (“Third Party Software”), which is licensed subject to the terms and conditions of the third party licensing such Third Party Software. Nothing in these Terms of Use limits your rights under, or grants you rights that supersede, the terms and conditions of any applicable license for such Third Party Software.
7.4 Social Network Features. The Services may include features that operate in conjunction with certain third party social networking websites that you visit, such as Facebook, Pinterest, Instagram, YouTube, LinkedIn, TikTok, and Twitter (“Social Network Features”). While your use of the Social Network Features is governed by these Terms of Use, your access to and use of third party social networking sites is governed by the terms posted on those sites. You are responsible for ensuring that your use of those social networking sites complies with any applicable terms of service or other agreements.
7.5 Mobile Features. You are responsible for making all arrangements necessary to access the Services. For example, access to the Services, including any mobile app, may require the use of certain mobile devices or a wireless data service. You may incur charges from your wireless provider when you use the mobile app. We may update the app at our discretion. If you accept these updates, you agree to pay for any costs associated with receiving them. Outside makes no representations that the app will be compatible with your device or wireless data service.
8. Application Terms
8.1 Application License. Subject to your compliance with these Terms of Use, Outside grants you a limited, revocable, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable license to download, access and use a copy of applications owned or operated by Outside (collectively, “Apps” and each an “App”) on any mobile device or computer that you own or control and to run such copy of each App solely for your own personal or noncommercial use.
8.2  Apple Store Sourced Application. If the App that you download, access and/or use is downloaded from the Apple App store (an “App Store Sourced Application”), the following provisions are applicable to you:
(i) you acknowledge and agree that these Terms of Use are concluded between you and Outside only, and not with Apple, and that Apple is not responsible for the relevant App Store Sourced Application;
(ii) you will only use the App Store Sourced Application with an Apple device that you own or control;
(iii) you acknowledge and agree that Apple has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the App Store Sourced Application;
(iv) in the event of any failure of the App Store Sourced Application to conform to any applicable warranty, you may notify Apple of such failure and upon notification, Apple’s sole warranty obligation to you will be to refund to you the purchase price, if any, of the App Store Sourced Application;
(v) you acknowledge and agree that Outside, and not Apple, is responsible for addressing any claims you or any third party may have in relation to the App Store Sourced Application;
(vi) you acknowledge and agree that, in the event of any third-party claim that the App Store Sourced Application or your possession and use thereof infringes that third party’s intellectual property rights, Outside, and not Apple, will be responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement, and discharge of any such infringement claim to the extent required by these Terms of Use;
(vii) without limiting any other terms of these Terms of Use, you must comply with all applicable third-party terms of agreement when using the App Store Sourced Application; and
(viii) you and Outside acknowledge and agree that Apple and Apple’s subsidiaries are third-party beneficiaries of these Terms of Use, and that upon your acceptance of these Terms of Use, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce these Terms of Use against you as the third-party beneficiary thereof.
9. Warranties and Disclaimers
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, you agree that Outside is not providing medical advice via the Services. All content provided through the Services, whether provided by Outside or others, is not intended and should not be used in the place of: (a) the advice of your physician or other medical professionals; (b) a visit, call or consultation with your physician or other medical professionals; or (c) information contained on or in any product packaging or label. To the extent permitted by applicable law, we are not responsible for any health problems that may result from training programs, dietary recommendations, consultations, products, or events that you learn about through the Services. Should you have any health-related questions, please call or visit your physician or other healthcare provider promptly. If you have an emergency, call your physician or your local emergency services immediately.
BY USING THE SERVICES, YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT: (A) THE COMPANY IS NOT PROVIDING HEALTH OR MEDICAL ADVICE VIA THE SERVICES; (B) YOU ASSUME ALL RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH YOUR ACTIVITIES VIA THE SERVICES, INCLUDING ATHLETIC ACTIVITIES; AND (C) OUTSIDE DOES NOT ASSUME RESPONSIBILITY FOR (I) THE INSPECTION, SUPERVISION, PREPARATION, OR CONDUCT OF ANY RACE, CONTEST, CHALLENGE, OR GROUP ACTIVITY ORGANIZED OR PROMOTED ON THE SERVICES OR BY OUTSIDE,  (II) THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS OR SUITABILITY OF THE INFORMATION AND DATA PROVIDED THROUGH THE SERVICES, OR (III) THE MISUSE OR MISREPRESENTATION OF THE INFORMATION AND/OR DATA PROVIDED THROUGH THE SERVICES. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, OUTSIDE IS NOT RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE, EITHER DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, FOR ANY DEATH, INJURY, ILLNESS, OR DAMAGES SUSTAINED FROM YOUR USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE, ANY SERVICES OR FEATURES OF THE SERVICES, INCLUDING ANY CONTENT OR ACTIVITIES YOU ACCESS OR LEARN ABOUT THROUGH THE SERVICES, EVEN IF CAUSED IN WHOLE OR PART BY THE ACTION, INACTION OR NEGLIGENCE OF OUTSIDE OR OTHERS. IF YOU CHOOSE TO PARTICIPATE IN ANY PROGRAMS, SERVICES OR ACTIVITIES ORGANIZED OR PROMOTED ON THE SERVICES, YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU HAVE CONSULTED WITH YOUR PHYSICIAN BEFORE ENGAGING IN ANY ACTIVITIES OR MAKING ANY NUTRITIONAL DECISIONS BASED ON THE CONTENT OF OUR WEBSITES AND/OR APPLICATIONS.
OTHER THAN AS EXPRESSLY SET OUT IN THESE TERMS OF USE, THE COMPANY DOES NOT MAKE ANY SPECIFIC PROMISES ABOUT THE SERVICES. FOR EXAMPLE, WE DO NOT MAKE ANY COMMITMENTS ABOUT THE CONTENT ON THE SERVICES, THE SERVICES, PROGRAMMING OR CONTENT PROVIDED ON THE SERVICES, THE SPECIFIC FUNCTIONS OF THE SERVICES, THAT THE SERVICES WILL BE FREE FROM ERRORS, VIRUSES, BUGS OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS, OR THE RELIABILITY, COMPLETENESS, SECURITY, QUALITY, ACCURACY, AVAILABILITY, OR APPLICABILITY TO YOU OF THE SERVICES, ANY CONTENT PROVIDED ON THE SERVICES, OR ANY SERVICES OFFERED BY THE COMPANY VIA THE SERVICES OR ELSEWHERE ONLINE OR OFFLINE. THERE MAY BE DELAYS, OMISSIONS, INTERRUPTIONS, AND INACCURACIES IN THE CONTENT OR OTHER MATERIAL MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SERVICES. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE SERVICES AND ALL SOFTWARE ARE DISTRIBUTED ON AN “AS IS” BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
10. Indemnification; Limitation of Liability
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, you agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless the Company, its parent and affiliate companies, and their respective Representatives from any and all claims arising out of or related to your breach of these Terms of Use, the User Generated Content you create or share through the Services, and any of your activities related to or in connection with the Services.
EXCEPT WHERE PROHIBITED, THE COMPANY WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES ARISING FROM YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES OR ANY THIRD PARTY’S USE OF THE SERVICES TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW. THESE EXCLUSIONS INCLUDE, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOST PROFITS, LOST DATA, COMPUTER FAILURE, OR THE VIOLATION OF YOUR RIGHTS BY ANY THIRD PARTY, EVEN IF THE COMPANY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY THEREOF AND REGARDLESS OF THE LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY UPON WHICH THE CLAIM IS BASED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF THE COMPANY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES EXCEED THE GREATER OF THE AMOUNT YOU PAID USE TO USE THE APPLICABLE SERVICES IN THE PAST TWELVE (12) MONTHS, OR $500.
If you are a resident of Germany: Our statutory liability for intent, gross negligence, personal injury, breaches of a guarantee (which must be expressly designated as such in order to be a guarantee in the legal sense) and under the German Product Liability Act is unlimited.
In cases other than those described in the previous paragraph, our liability for slight negligence is limited to breaches of essential contractual obligations. Essential contractual obligations are obligations that must be performed in order to achieve the purpose of a contract in the first place, and on the performance of which you may therefore generally rely. Our liability for such breaches of essential contractual obligations under this paragraph is limited to damages that are typical of the type of contract and foreseeable at the time the contract is concluded.
11. Dispute Resolution
If you are a resident of the United States, please read the following paragraphs (the “Arbitration Agreement”) carefully:
11.1 You agree that any dispute, controversy or claim, whether based on past, present, or future events, arising out of your use of any of the Services or any products or Subscriptions sold on the Services, including any Dispute arising out of or relating to your relationship to Outside as a subscriber or to these Terms of Use, whether based in contract, tort, statute, fraud, misrepresentation, regulation, or any other legal or equitable theory (collectively, a “Dispute”) will be resolved by binding arbitration, rather than in court, except that any Dispute brought by either you or Outside that falls within the jurisdictional scope and limits of the small claims court where you reside must be brought in that court on an individual basis. Such Dispute must remain in small claims court and may not be removed or appealed to a court of general jurisdiction. The Federal Arbitration Act and federal arbitration law apply to this Arbitration Agreement.
11.2 You agree that only an arbitrator, and not any federal, state or local court or agency, shall have exclusive authority to resolve any dispute arising out of or relating to the interpretation, applicability, or enforceability of this Arbitration Agreement. This includes any claim that all or any part of the arbitration provisions herein are void or voidable. An arbitrator shall also have exclusive authority to resolve all threshold arbitrability issues, including issues related to whether this Arbitration Agreement is applicable, unconscionable, or illusory and any defense to arbitration, including without limitation waiver, delay, laches, or estoppel. However, only a court of competent jurisdiction, and not an arbitrator, shall have the exclusive authority to resolve any and all disputes arising out of or relating to the class action waiver and mass arbitration waiver set forth in this Arbitration Agreement, including, but not limited to, any claim that all or part of the waivers are unenforceable, unconscionable, illegal, void, or voidable.
11.3 In the event of a Dispute, and prior to initiating arbitration for any such Dispute, both parties agree that they will provide individualized written notice of the potential claim to the opposing party setting forth: (1) the factual and legal basis for the claim; (2) contact information for the potential claimant and their counsel, if any; and (3) the remedies sought, including the amount of claimed monetary damages (the “Dispute Notice”). To provide a Dispute Notice to Outside, write to
legal@outsideinc.com
. Any Dispute Notice sent to you will be sent by certified mail to the most recent address Outside has on file or via email if we do not have any such address. The Dispute Notice may only be sent relating to you or Outside’s claims, and cannot be combined with others.
Within sixty (60) calendar days upon either party receiving the Dispute Notice, the parties shall engage in a good faith informal dispute resolution conference, whether by phone, e-mail, or other channel as agreed between the parties. You and Outside will work in good faith to schedule the informal dispute resolution conference at a mutually convenient time. If you are represented by counsel, your counsel may participate in the informal dispute resolution conference, but you shall also fully participate in said discussions. The statute of limitations and any filing fee deadlines shall be tolled while the parties engage in the informal dispute resolution process required by this paragraph.
Compliance with the Dispute Notice and the informal dispute resolution conference shall both be a condition precedent to initiating arbitration or a small claims court action. This section does not apply to any Dispute involving intellectual property.
11.4 If you and Outside do not resolve the Dispute by informal negotiation or in small claims court, the dispute shall be resolved by binding arbitration before a neutral arbitrator whose decision will be final except for a limited right of appeal under the U.S. Federal Arbitration Act. Arbitration shall be filed with and administered by the Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services, Inc. (“JAMS”), pursuant to the most-current
JAMS Streamlined Arbitration Rules & Procedures
, and conducted by a single, neutral arbitrator. The demand for arbitration must be personally signed by the party initiating arbitration and must certify compliance that: (1) the party has complied with the Dispute Notice and informal pre-dispute resolution process set forth herein; and (2) the requirements of claim or relief sought is neither frivolous nor brought for an improper purpose. There is no judge or jury in arbitration, and court review of an arbitration award is limited. The arbitrator is authorized to award any relief or impose any sanctions available under Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b) or applicable federal or state law against all appropriate persons (including counsel), just as a court would. You shall be required to pay no more than half of the total administrative, facility and arbitrator fees, or the equivalent to the amount that you otherwise would be required to file in a court of competent jurisdiction, whichever is less, and we shall pay the remainder of such fees.
Arbitration will take place by phone or videoconference, unless an in-person hearing is requested by either party. In that case, the hearing will take place in the state where you reside. To the extent this Arbitration Agreement conflicts with the JAMS Policy on Consumer Arbitrations Pursuant to Pre-Dispute Clauses Minimum Standards of Procedural Fairness (the “Minimum Standards”), the Minimum Standards in that regard will apply.
Disputes may also be referred to another arbitration organization if you and the Company agree in writing, or to an arbitrator appointed pursuant to Section 5 of the Federal Arbitration Act.
11.5 YOU AND OUTSIDE AGREE THAT EACH PARTY MAY BRING DISPUTES AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN AN INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING, OR PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL ACTION, OR IN ANY OTHER PROCEEDING IN WHICH EITHER PARTY ACTS OR PROPOSES TO ACT IN A REPRESENTATIVE CAPACITY,  WHETHER IN COURT OR IN ARBITRATION. This means that by entering into these Terms of Use, independent of the agreement to arbitrate and waiver of class arbitration, you are giving up the ability to participate in or bring a class action in court for any and all claims. If a court of competent jurisdiction determines that all or part of this waiver is unenforceable, unconscionable, void or voidable, the remainder of these Terms of Use shall remain in full force and effect.
11.6 If these arbitration provisions are found to be null and void, then all disputes arising under the Terms of Use between us will be subject to the jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in Denver, Colorado, and you and we hereby submit to the personal jurisdiction and venue of these courts. You and Outside agree that if for any reason a dispute proceeds in court rather than arbitration: (1) you and Outside waive any right to a jury trial; (2) the dispute will proceed solely on an individual, non-class, non-representative basis; and (3) neither you nor Outside may be a class representative or class member or otherwise participate in any class, representative, consolidated, or private attorney general proceeding.
This Arbitration Agreement will not preclude you or Outside from seeking provisional remedies in aid of arbitration, including without limitation orders to stay a court action, compel arbitration or confirm an arbitral award, from a court of competent jurisdiction. Furthermore, this Arbitration Agreement will not preclude you or Outside from (i) applying to the appropriate court of competent jurisdiction for a temporary restraining order, preliminary injunction, or other interim or conservatory relief, as necessary, (ii) seeking relief in any state or federal court for disputes related to a violation or possible violation of Outside’s intellectual property rights; or (iii) any claims that may be brought in small claims court where the amount in controversy is properly within the jurisdiction of such court.
11.7 For purposes of this section, a “Mass Arbitration Filing” includes instances in which you or Outside are represented by a law firm or collection of law firms that has filed ten (10) or more arbitration demands of a substantially similar nature against the other party within 180 days of the arbitration demand filed on you or Outside’s behalf, and the law firm or collection of law firms seek to simultaneously arbitrate all arbitration demands in the aggregate.
You and Outside expressly waive the right to have any dispute, claims or controversy brought, heard, administered, resolved, or arbitrated as a Mass Arbitration Filing, as defined above. Neither an arbitrator nor an arbitration provider shall have any authority to hear, arbitrate, or administer any Mass Arbitration Filing.
If this Mass Arbitration Filing is deemed invalid or unenforceable, neither you nor Outside is entitled to arbitration; instead all Disputes will be resolved as noted in Section 11.8 and subject to Section 11.5.
11.8 If and only if a court finds that Section 11.7 is unenforceable, and a Mass Arbitration Filing is permitted to proceed, the parties agree that Mass Arbitration Filings will be batched into groups of no more than ten (10) demands per batch by state of residence (with any remaining demands batched into a single group).
The arbitration provider shall treat each batch of claims as one case, with each case having one demand for arbitration, one appointed arbitrator, and one set of administrative documents and administrative and filing fees per batch. The parties shall randomly assign sequential numbers to each batch, and only one batch shall proceed to arbitration at a time in the order of the random sequential numbers. Any remaining claims shall not be filed or deemed filed in arbitration, nor shall any arbitration fees be assessed or collected in connection with those claims unless and until they are selected to be filed in individual arbitration proceedings as part of a staged process. A separate arbitrator will be appointed to, and administrative and filing fees assessed for, each batch as the batch proceeds to arbitration. You agree to cooperate in good faith with Outside and the arbitration provider to implement such a batch approach to resolution and fees.
Any relevant limitations period and filing fee or other deadlines shall be tolled subject to these batching procedures for Mass Arbitration Filings from the time the first cases are selected for a staged process until your claim is selected to proceed as part of a staged process or is settled, withdrawn, otherwise resolved, or opted out of arbitration.
A court of competent jurisdiction shall have the authority to enforce these batching procedures and, if necessary, to enjoin the mass filing, prosecution, or administration of arbitrations and the assessment and collection of arbitration fees. If these batching procedures apply to your claim, and a court of competent jurisdiction determines they are not enforceable as to your claim, then your claim shall proceed in a court of competent jurisdiction consistent with these Terms of Use.
11.9 Thirty-Day Right to Opt Out: You have the right to opt out from the final, binding individual arbitration procedure specified in this Arbitration Agreement by sending written notice of your decision to opt out to the following address: Outside Interactive, Inc., Attn: Legal Department, 1600 Pearl St., Boulder, CO 80302. For clarity, opt-out notices submitted via email will not be effective. The notice must be sent within 30 calendar days of your initial agreement to these Terms of Use; otherwise, you shall be bound to arbitrate disputes according to these Terms of Use. The opt-out notice must specify: (1) your name; (2) your mailing address; (3) your email address you used to set up your Outside account (if you have one); and (4) your request to be excluded from the final, binding individual arbitration specific in this Section. If you opt out of these arbitration provisions, Outside also will not be bound by them. In addition, if you elect to opt out of these arbitration provisions, Outside may terminate your use of the Services. Opting out of this Arbitration Agreement has no effect on any other Arbitration Agreements you may currently have or enter into in the future with Outside. This opt out does not apply to the class action waiver in Section 11.5.
If you are a resident of the European Union:
11.10 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Terms of Use, if there is a dispute that you and Outside cannot resolve, you have the right to submit a complaint through
http://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr
. Other than as set out in these Terms of Use, we do not participate in any ADR scheme.
In addition, nothing in these Terms of Use limits your rights to bring an action against Outside in the local courts of your place of domicile. All disputes arising under the Terms of Use between you and Outside will be subject to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located in your place of domicile, or the courts located in Ireland, and you and we hereby submit to the personal jurisdiction and venue of these courts.
12. Email and Text Communications
12.1 Electronic Communications. You agree that all communications related to your use of the Services will be sent electronically and that such communications satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing. All notices from the Company to you shall be deemed delivered and effective when sent to the e-mail address you provide to us. If you opt in to receive promotional emails, you will be able to later opt-out by following the instructions provided in those emails. You cannot however opt out of communications that are related to your use of the services available on the Services.
12.2 Notices. When you use the Services or send communications to us via the Services, you are communicating with us electronically. Similarly, you consent to receive, from us electronically, communications related to your use of the Services. You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures, and other communications that the Company provides to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing. All notices from the Company to you will be deemed delivered and effective when sent to the e-mail address you provide to us.
13. United States Operations; International Disclaimer
The Services are controlled and primarily operated by Outside from its offices within the United States of America, and our policies and procedures are based primarily on United States law. If you are not a United States resident and accessing our Content or Services from outside the United States, the following provisions apply: (i) you consent to the transfer, storage, and processing of your information, including but not limited to User-Generated Content and any Personal Data, to and in the United States and/or other countries; (ii) you are not authorized to access or make use of the Services from a location embargoed by the United States, or are on the United States Treasury Department’s list of “Specially Designated Nationals”; and (iii) you agree to comply with all local laws, rules, and regulations including, without limitation, all laws, rules, and regulations in effect in the location in which you reside and the location from which you access the Services. The Services are not intended for distribution to, or use by, any person or entity in any jurisdiction or location where such distribution or use would be contrary to law or regulation, or which would subject Outside or its affiliates to any registration requirement within such jurisdiction or location.
14. Additional Terms
14.1 No Waiver. If you do not comply with these Terms of Use, and we don’t take enforcement action right away, that does not constitute a waiver, and we are not giving up any rights that we may have (such as taking enforcement action in the future).
14.2 Governing Law. These Terms of Use are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of Colorado without regard to its conflict of laws rules. For disputes that are not subject to arbitration, you expressly agree that the exclusive jurisdiction for any claim or dispute under these Terms of Use and or your use of any of the Services resides in the courts located in Denver, Colorado, and you further expressly agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purpose of litigating any such claim or action.
If you are a user based in the European Union, then Irish law shall apply to these Terms of Use and the Irish courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction to hear disputes arising in relation to the Terms. Despite this, your local laws in your European Union Member State may allow you to take legal action against Outside in your Member State and to invoke certain local laws against Outside.
14.3 Miscellaneous. If it turns out that a particular provision in these Terms of Use is held to be invalid or unenforceable, the other provisions of these Terms of Use will be unimpaired and the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed modified so that it is valid and enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by law. Headers are for convenience and do not affect the interpretation of these Terms of Use. These Terms of Use constitute the entire agreement between you and the Company relating to the use of this Services and supersedes and replaces any prior agreement and communication between the parties.
14.4 California Notice. The Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs may be contacted in writing at 1625 N. Market Blvd., Suite N 112, Sacramento, California 95834, or by telephone at (800) 952-5210.
14.5 Contact Us. If you have any feedback, questions or comments about the Services, please contact our Support Team at support@outsideinc.com or direct your communication to us by mail at: Outside Interactive Inc., 1600 Pearl St., Boulder CO, 80302.
APPENDIX A
Product and Service Specific Terms
1. ATHLETEREG
1.1 Event Registration. The user submitting the credit card information for online registration warrants, represents and agrees as follows:
You represent and warrant that you have full legal authority to complete this event registration on our website, including full authority to make use of the payment method to which registration fees will be charged. In addition, if you are registering third parties, you further represent and warrant that you have been duly authorized to act as agent on behalf of such parties in performing this event registration. By proceeding with this event registration, you agree that these Terms of Use shall apply equally to you and to any third parties for whom you are acting as agent.
1.2 Third Party Services. The athleteReg service is set up to facilitate online registrations, membership purchases and renewals, merchandise purchases and other specified transactions. Your transaction is also subject to terms and conditions as set forth by any third party organizations involved in such processes. WE FACILITATE ONLINE COMMERCE ON BEHALF OF ORGANIZATIONS IN WHICH WE ARE NOT AFFILIATED. WE UNDERTAKE TO MAKE IT VERY CLEAR AT EACH PURCHASE POINT ON OUR WEBSITES EXACTLY FROM WHOM YOU ARE MAKING ANY PURCHASES. WE DO NOT OPERATE AS A REPRESENTATIVE FOR ANY ORGANIZATIONS AND SERVE SOLELY AS AN INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR FOR THE PURPOSE OF FACILITATING SUCH ONLINE TRANSACTIONS.
In addition, you may order services or merchandise through the Outside websites from other persons not affiliated with Outside or athleteReg (“Seller”). For example, you may choose to register for a sporting event and purchase event-related merchandise on an athleteReg website. All matters concerning the merchandise and services ordered from a Seller, including, but not limited to, purchase terms, payment terms, refunds, warranties, guarantees, maintenance and delivery, are solely between you and the Seller. Outside and athleteReg make no warranties or representations whatsoever with regard to any goods or services provided by Sellers, and will not be construed as a party to such transactions, whether or not Outside and/or athleteReg may have received revenue or other remuneration in connection with the transaction. You agree that Outside and/or athleteReg will not be liable for any costs or damages arising out of such transactions, either directly or indirectly. Please contact customer service for the Seller with whom you are transacting for assistance regarding any issues relating to such services or merchandise.
2.
COMMERCE
2.1 Shipping and Risk of Loss. Unless otherwise indicated at the time of your purchase, shipping and handling fees are included with your order. Shipping dates and/or arrival times are only estimates. For loss/damage claims, you must notify us within thirty (30) days of the date of your shipment if you believe all or part of your order is missing or damaged. If a package shows as delivered by the carrier, but the customer claims it was never delivered, Outside is under no obligation to replace, refund, or assist with the shipment. It is recommended that the customer work directly with the carrier to resolve the situation. Replacement of products and credits to your account for shipped merchandise claimed as not received are subject to our investigation; postal-service verification of delivery may be deemed proof of the same in Outside’s sole discretion. We will adjust your account at our sole discretion. Repeated claims of undelivered merchandise may result in the cancellation of your membership or ability to continue purchasing goods through the Services.
2.2 International Shipping. Outside shall not be responsible for any customs-related charges which may be imposed by any governmental entity or delays which may occur as a result of customs practices or procedures by any governmental entity.  Additionally, the customer acknowledges that tracking on international shipments will not show movement/scans outside the US. So long as a scan has been registered on your shipment within the US, the customer bears all risk and responsibility for the package being delivered. Furthermore, you agree and acknowledge that Outside shall not be under any obligation to assist with any delays or charges related to these matters.
2.3 Returns and Exchanges. Please visit
https://shop.outsideonline.com/pages/returns
for details on returns, exchanges, and refunds.
3. FINISHERPIX
3.1 Order Acceptance. An order is only accepted once the user places an order via the online form, in writing or over the telephone specifying the size and the number of the desired photos and/or personalized products (hereinafter, “Merchandise”), and payment is processed. FinisherPix will confirm acceptance of this offer either by sending an e-mail confirmation or by delivering the ordered merchandise.
3.2 Prices. The Merchandise will be supplied at the prices valid on the day on which the contract is concluded and indicated on the website of FinisherPix. The final price is composed of the order value and all applicable shipping charges and/or taxes.
3.2.1 International Pricing Terms. The prices include the respectively applicable statutory VAT. If the Merchandise is sent to countries outside the EU, additional clearance charges and/or taxes which are outside the control of FinisherPix may be incurred. Any such clearance charges and/or taxes are to be paid by the purchaser.
3.3 Shipping and Risk of Loss. Shipping dates and/or arrival times are only estimates. For loss/damage claims, you must notify FinisherPix within thirty (30) days of the date of your purchase if you believe all or part of your order is missing or damaged. Replacement of Merchandise and credits to your account for shipped Merchandise claimed as not received are subject to our investigation, which may include postal-service notification. We will adjust your account at our sole discretion. Repeated claims of undelivered Merchandise may result in the cancellation of your membership.
3.4 Exchanges and Refunds. Except with respect to defective Merchandise, we cannot accept returns or exchanges. All sales are final. Subject to Section 3.6, Merchandise is considered defective if it does not meet the technical standard for digital photo and image processing. The purchaser will have to give notice of any patent defects of the delivered merchandise immediately upon delivery. In the event of a justified complaint, FinisherPix may at first make a substitute delivery. If such a substitute delivery should be impossible or fail, the purchaser will be entitled to demand a refund or a reduction of the purchase price. If the purchaser elects a refund, all applicable Merchandise must be returned to: Finisherpix, 1600 Pearl St., Boulder, CO 80302. The forwarding charges will be assumed by FinisherPix.
3.5 Ownership and License. The copyright on all photos taken, as well as all intellectual property rights, publishing rights, and utilization rights remain exclusively with Outside. The purchase of a picture does not involve the explicit or implicit cessation of any rights. Subject to your compliance with these terms and your payment of any applicable fees, FinisherPix grants you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable license to access and make personal and non-commercial use of the purchased Merchandise. This license does not include any resale or commercial use of the Merchandise. Any publication or other commercial use of the purchased pictures requires the previous written permission of FinisherPix.
3.6 Reproduction Disclaimer. Purchaser is aware of the fact that due to the diversity of electronic display devices it is impossible to reproduce the photos absolutely true to the original. Therefore the electronic pictures can only convey an approximate impression of the original picture. The original pictures may in some cases differ significantly from the electronic sample in terms of sharpness, richness of detail, contrast, and color. The reduced size, the inevitable screening, and the limitation to a web-compatible grey and color scale can change the impression of sharpness. Furthermore features such as the granularity of the film cannot be depicted in the samples.
4. GAIA GPS AND TRAILFORKS
You agree that in connection with your use of the Services, you will not trespass on, or in any manner attempt to gain access to any property or location where you do not have a right or permission to be (“Private Property”). You acknowledge that Outside does not have, and affirmatively disclaims, any obligation or ability to provide you with complete and accurate information regarding the whereabouts of Private Property you may encounter when using or in connection with your use of the Services. Regardless of whether Outside designates any content with a warning regarding its proximity to Private Property, you are solely responsible for obtaining all required permissions to approach or enter Private Property in connection with your use of the Services.
5. PINKBIKE
Please see the Pinkbike Etiquette terms at
https://www.pinkbike.com/about/etiquette/
for the rules related to Pinkbike’s community forums.
Pinkbike offers a service tracker feature that allows users to track the condition of your equipment and log recent service and repair. All information that is tracked and inputted into the service tracker is user-generated and therefore Outside cannot and does not make any warranties about the accuracy of the information that is logged or the timing of any reminders that are triggered from the service tracker feature and disclaims all liability resulting therefrom.
Pinkbike offers a marketplace for the purchase and sale of outdoor sports equipment (the “Marketplace”). The Marketplace is an online consumer-to-consumer marketplace. While Outside may help facilitate transactions, Users (as defined below) that list and sell items through the Marketplace (“Sellers”) and Users that purchase items through the Service (“Buyers”) are entirely responsible for the sale of goods (referred to herein as “goods”, “products” or “items”) transactions between them, including without limitation the listing of goods and any applicable product warranties. Sellers and Buyers (this means “you”) are collectively referred to herein as “Users” of the Marketplace. Outside does not sell or purchase any goods itself, take possession of the goods, either for itself or on behalf of users or others. A User shall not use their Pinkbike account for money laundering or any illegal purpose or in violation of any law or regulation or provision of these Terms of Use. As a condition for using the Marketplace, we hold Buyers or Sellers accountable for violations of law, violations of these Terms of Use and all applicable policies. Outside does not manufacture, store or inspect any of the items sold through the Marketplace. As the items are produced, listed and sold directly by independent sellers, Outside cannot and does not make any warranties about their quality, safety or legality. Any claim related to an item you purchase must be brought directly against the Seller of the item. You release Outside from any claims related to items sold through our Services, including for defective items, misrepresentations by Sellers or items that caused physical injury.
If you have a dispute with one or more Users, you release Outside, its parent and affiliate companies, and their respective Representatives from claims, demands and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, arising out of or in any way connected with such disputes. IF YOU ARE A CALIFORNIA RESIDENT, YOU WAIVE CALIFORNIA CIVIL CODE §1542, WHICH SAYS: “A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS THAT THE CREDITOR OR RELEASING PARTY DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE AND THAT, IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER, WOULD HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR OR RELEASED PARTY.”
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.outsideinc.com/privacy-policy/:
Skip to content
Outside Privacy Policy
Privacy Notice
Contents
arrow_drop_down
INTRODUCTION
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY NOTICE
VIRGINIA, COLORADO, CONNECTICUT, UTAH, OREGON & TEXAS PRIVACY NOTICE
WASHINGTON PRIVACY NOTICE
NEVADA PRIVACY NOTICE
NON-US PRIVACY NOTICE
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
INFORMATION WE USE
INFORMATION DISCLOSURE
YOUR CHOICES & LEGAL RIGHTS
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY NOTICE
VIRGINIA, COLORADO, CONNECTICUT, UTAH, OREGON & TEXAS PRIVACY NOTICE
WASHINGTON HEALTH PRIVACY NOTICE
NEVADA PRIVACY NOTICE
NON-U.S. PRIVACY NOTICE
THIRD-PARTY SERVICES
CHILDRENS PRIVACY
INFORMATION RETENTION
INFORMATION SECURITY
REVISIONS TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
Outside Interactive, Inc., and its affiliates and subsidiaries (referred to as “Outside,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) respects your privacy. This Privacy Policy governs the websites (each a “Site”) and mobile applications (each an “App”) that display or link to this Privacy Policy as well as the other services owned, operated, and/or provided by Outside (collectively, the “Services”). This Privacy Policy describes the types of personal information Outside collects from and about you, how Outside may use and disclose such information, and your choices and legal rights with respect to such information.
We collect, use, disclose, and otherwise process your personal information only in accordance with applicable data protection and privacy laws and this Privacy Policy. By using the Services, you agree to the collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree, please do not access or use the Services.
For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “personal information” refers to information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, to you.
You can jump to particular topics by using the content tabs located on the right hand side of the policy.
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY NOTICE
If you are a resident of California please see our
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY NOTICE
below.
VIRGINIA, COLORADO, CONNECTICUT, UTAH, OREGON & TEXAS PRIVACY NOTICE
If you are a resident of Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, Oregon, or Texas, please see our
VIRGINIA, COLORADO, CONNECTICUT, UTAH, OREGON & TEXAS PRIVACY NOTICE
below.
WASHINGTON HEALTH PRIVACY NOTICE
If you are a resident of Washington, please see our
WASHINGTON HEALTH PRIVACY NOTICE
below.
NEVADA PRIVACY NOTICE
If you are a resident of Nevada, please see our
NEVADA PRIVACY NOTICE
below.
NON-US PRIVACY NOTICE
If you are in the UK, EU, or other country outside of the United States, please see our
NON-U.S. PRIVACY NOTICE
below.
1. INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Depending on your use of the Services and how we otherwise interact with you, we may collect or obtain information from and about you in several ways, including (A) directly from you; (B) automatically when you interact with the Digital Services (as defined below); and (C) from third parties.
Personal Information You Provide
Outside collects personal information from you when you choose to share it with us. This may include when you use the Services; register or create an online account with or through the Services; purchase products or services; request information from us; sign up for subscriptions, newsletters, or our email list; use the Sites or Apps; enter into sweepstakes or other promotions administered by us (or on our behalf); fill out a survey administered by us (or on our behalf); request customer support; sync your contacts or otherwise communicate with or contact us.
The personal information we collect may include your biographical information (i.e., name, physical address, email address, telephone or mobile number, date of birth, and gender), registration information (i.e., username), activity and fitness preferences, photo, household size and other economic information, sizing information for apparel-related services, education level, preferences related to particular product lines, and additional information collected in connection with event participation (i.e., emergency contact information, team information, financial information if needed for disbursements, etc.).
You can choose to transfer information about your contacts to Outside by syncing such contact information from certain specified third-party accounts. If you choose to share your contacts, we will access and store your contacts' information as directed by you to identify potential connections also using our Services and help you connect with them.
Personal Information You Share Publicly or With Others When You Use the Services
You may choose to upload or add photos, videos, comments, reviews, or other content when you use our interactive Sites and Apps. You may also participate in online communities, including on our Sites and Apps and on social media. Any information you may disclose in a public manner on our Sites or Apps or in blogs, on message boards, activity feeds, in chat rooms, or other public forums (including third-party websites, applications, or services) is publicly available. Please exercise caution when disclosing personal information in these public areas.
Certain Services may also offer you the ability to message one-on-one or as a small group. Outside may store this information to continue to make it available to communications participants or as reasonably necessary to achieve a legitimate business or commercial purpose, such as providing you with or billing you for the Services, maintaining and operating the Services, and as necessary to protect Outside’s legal interests.
Personal Information You Provide When You Make a Purchase
If you purchase a paid subscription or other product or service from us, we or our third-party payment processors may collect a payment card number and related financial information (such as CVV, expiration date, and billing address) or information about other payment methods. Outside does not collect or retain your full payment card information. Outside may, however, process your billing address, the expiration date on your card, and the last several digits of your card number.
Information from Linked Accounts
You may choose to provide us access to information directly from your device (which may be a computer, tablet, smartphone or other device you use to access our Sites and/or Apps). This may include your location information, your fitness data, and/or your physical movements. It can also include user-generated content you may provide us with, such as videos and photos, or other data you provide us such as physiological data and/or data related to your lifestyle (including activity logged, distance covered, hardware used and/or other similar data related to your activity).
Personal Information Provided by a Friend or Other Contact
If someone sends you a communication from the Services, such as a gift subscription, Outside may use the information provided (e.g., your name, contact information, etc.) to facilitate communication with you or fulfill the order.
Photographs You Provide
As noted above, you may provide us with photos of yourself. Additionally, if Outside participates as a service provider for an event organizer, we (and our partners) may capture your likeness in photographs or other recordings. We and/or the applicable race organizer will seek your consent if Outside intends to derive your biometric information from photos or other images solely in association with the categorization of such photos in association with our race photography platform, FinisherPix.
Personal Information Automatically Collected
Whenever you visit or interact with the Sites and Apps and electronic or digital communications (the “Digital Services”), we, as well as any third-party advertisers and/or service providers, may use cookies, web beacons, pixel tags, or other technologies to automatically or passively collect information about your online activity, your location, and your use of the Digital Services. Specifically, we (and our partners and service providers) may automatically collect the following types of personal information when you interact with the Digital Services:
Device Information:
When you access the Digital Services, information about your device may be collected, including IP address and/or other unique identifiers, browser type, device type, operating system, software version, hardware model, and mobile network information.
Usage Information:
When you interact with the Digital Services, certain information may be collected, including the date and time of your visit, the pages you view immediately before and after you access the Digital Services, the areas or pages that you visit, the amount of time you spend viewing or using the Digital Services, the number of times you return, and other click-stream or site usage data. Additionally, if you receive an email from us, information may be collected about your interactions with the message (e.g., whether you opened, forwarded, or clicked-through to our Services).
Location Information:
Information about your device’s general geographic location may be automatically collected when you access the Digital Services. In addition, in association with our navigation Services (GaiaGPS and Trailforks), we collect and process location information when you sign up for and use such Services. If you have enabled location services for our navigation Services apps, we may collect your precise location information for such apps to provide their core functionality. If you would like to stop the collection of your device’s location information, you may do so at any time by adjusting your mobile device settings.
Information from Linked Accounts:
You may be given the option to link to your social media, third party fitness tracking device, or other third-party accounts through the Digital Services. When you do, we may automatically receive certain information about you based on your registration and privacy settings on those third-party services. This may include, but may not be limited to, your name, username, demographic information, updated address or contact information, location, fitness and activity information, interests, and social media and online activity information.
We also may use third-party analytics and tracking tools to better understand who is using the Digital Services, how people are using them, and how to improve their effectiveness as well as the effectiveness of any related content. We may also use these tools to help us or our third-party partners and providers serve more targeted advertising to you across the Internet. These tools may include cookies, pixel tags, or similar technologies that automatically collect and store certain personal information about your interaction with the Digital Services. Our third-party partners and providers may also combine information collected from your interaction(s) with the Digital Services with information they collect from other sources. To learn more about your interest-based advertising choices, please see the “Your Choices and Legal Rights” section below.
Please note that we use Google Analytics to better understand how users interact with the Digital Services. For information on Google Analytics’ information handling practices and how you can control the use of information sent to Google, please visit
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
.
If you wish to prevent your information from being used by Google Analytics, Google has developed the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on available at
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
.
You may adjust your device or Internet browser settings to limit certain tracking or to decline cookies, but by doing so, you may not be able to use certain features or take full advantage of all our offerings. Please refer to your device’s settings or your Internet browser’s “Help” section for more information on how to delete cookies and/or disable your device or browser from receiving cookies or adjust your tracking preferences.
Personal Information Collected from Other Sources
We may acquire personal information about you from our partners and service providers (including, for example, business partners, analytics vendors, and advertising networks). We use the personal information we collect from other sources to help us maintain the accuracy of the information we collect; personalize your experience with the Services; target our communications so that we can inform you of products, services, or other offers that may be of interest to you; measure the performance of advertisements delivered to you; conduct internal business analysis; and fulfill other business or commercial purposes.
Combination of Personal Information
We may combine the personal information we receive from and about you, including information you provide to us and information we automatically collect through the Digital Services, and information collected offline. We may also combine information collected across the different computers or devices that you may use and from third-party sources. We use, disclose, and protect combined personal information as described in this Privacy Policy.
2. INFORMATION WE USE
Outside may use the personal information we collect to fulfill our contractual obligations to you and for a variety of legitimate business or commercial purposes, including:
To provide the Services, including content on our Sites and Apps; subscription-based, membership-based, or other paid Services we offer; and the products we sell via the Services.
To process your payments and fulfill your orders.
To fulfill your registration requests for events, experiences, or other programs, including events or programs organized by third parties.
To provide you with personalized information and content that you request, including maps, audio programs and podcasts, films, educational content, and event photography services.
To publish content, films, and photos that you submit or post.
To communicate with you, including to respond to your inquiries/requests and request feedback from you. We may also use your personal information to invite you to participate in surveys administered by us (or on our behalf). Additionally, from time to time, we may use your personal information to send you important updates and communications about this Privacy Policy and/or other applicable terms and conditions.
To create a profile for you and personalize your experience on an activity feed, subject to your settings within your account’s
Privacy Control
s
.
To protect the security and integrity of the Services and our business, such as by protecting against and preventing fraud, unauthorized transactions, claims and other liabilities and managing risk exposure, including by identifying potential hackers and other unauthorized users.
To enhance and personalize your online browsing experience.
To understand the usage and operations of our Services; develop new products or services; and conduct analysis to enhance or improve our content, products, and services.
To send you newsletters and other marketing and promotional materials from Outside or on behalf of our partners and affiliates. Details on how to exercise your choices with respect to marketing and promotional communications from us can be found in the “Your Choices and Legal Rights” section below.
To comply with applicable laws and regulations and to respond to lawful requests and communications from law enforcement and other government officials.
To carry out sales and business transactions in which information held by us is among the assets transferred or is otherwise relevant to the evaluation, negotiation, or completion of the transaction.
To protect our rights, privacy, safety, property, and/or those of others.
Additionally, we may use your personal information for other purposes disclosed at the time you provide your information or otherwise with your consent.
Subject to your
Privacy Control
s
, your information, including certain aspects of your profile, your name and/or username, your activities, comments and interactions with other users and content and/or your photos and videos may be shared on the Services as part of their functional offering. Please be sure to manage your
Privacy Control
s
carefully.
In addition to the purposes listed above, we may use your personal information to deliver interest-based advertising to you on the Digital Services and across other websites, online services, or platforms. You can opt out of our use of your information in this manner. For more information on how to exercise your choices with respect to interest-based advertising, please see the “Your Choices and Legal Rights” section below.
Please note that we may also de-identify or aggregate information so that it will no longer be considered “personal information” and use such information for analytics purposes or other purposes consistent with those described in this Privacy Policy.
3. INFORMATION DISCLOSURE
We may disclose each of the categories of personal information we collect from and about you with the following categories of recipients:
Our Affiliates and Subsidiaries:
We may disclose your personal information to Outside affiliates and subsidiaries for business, operational, promotional, and marketing purposes.
Our Service Providers:
We disclose your personal information to third parties that provide business, professional, marketing, analytics, or technical support services to us; help us operate our business and the Services; or administer activities on our behalf. We require our service providers to only use your personal information in connection with providing services to Outside.
Other Users and the Publi
c: We share your information and profile with other users and the public in accordance with your
Privacy Controls
.
When you post or share an activity or other content (e.g. an image or article), it can be viewed by everyone and re-shared (subject to your
Privacy Controls
).
When you follow another person, title, or company, you will be visible to that profile and its owner as a follower.
When you high-five, re-post or comment on another profile’s content, others will be able to see these actions and associate them with your profile.
Our Analytics and Advertising Partners and Providers:
Certain parts of the Digital Services cookies, pixels, or similar technologies. For example, we (or our partners and service providers) may use cookies or other technologies provided by third parties to deliver more relevant advertising and to link information collected across different computers or devices that you may use. Use of these technologies may allow third parties to receive personal information about your use of the Digital Services. Although our business model is not focused on selling information, under certain privacy laws, the disclosure of personal information via these technologies may qualify as the “sale” or “sharing” of personal information, and you may have the right to opt out of such disclosures (as described in the “Your Choices and Legal Rights” section below).
Competent Governmental and Public Authorities:
We will disclose your personal information as necessary to respond to subpoenas, judicial processes, or government requests and investigations, or in connection with an investigation on matters related to public safety. We may disclose your information to protect the security of our Services, servers, network systems, and databases. We also may disclose your information as necessary, if we believe that there has been a violation of our Terms of Use, any other legal document or contract related to our Services, or the rights of any third party.
Relevant Third Parties in Connection with a Business Transaction:
We may sell or purchase assets during the normal course of our business. If another entity acquires us or any of our assets, your personal information may be transferred to such entity. In addition, if any bankruptcy or reorganization proceeding is brought by or against us, your personal information may be considered an asset of ours and may be sold or transferred to third parties. Should such a sale or transfer occur, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to try to require that the transferee use the transferred personal information in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Other Parties:
We may disclose your personal information when you consent or direct us to share your information, such as when you connect your account to a compatible service that is not provided by us. Additionally, we will disclose your personal information to other parties as we believe necessary or appropriate either to: (i) comply with applicable law; (ii) protect our operations and those of our affiliates and subsidiaries; (iii) investigate and prevent against fraud; (iv) protect our rights, privacy, safety, or property and/or those of others; or (v) allow us to pursue available remedies or limit damages that we may sustain.
Please note that we may also de-identify or aggregate personal information so that it will no longer be considered “personal information” and disclose such information to third parties for any purpose as permitted by law, including for marketing or analytics purposes.
4. YOUR CHOICES AND LEGAL RIGHTS
We respect your privacy and provide you with information about our processing of your personal information and the ability to exercise control over our use of your information. This section of our policy outlines: (a) your choices about how we use your personal information; (b) your legal rights related to your personal information based on where you reside; and (c) specific disclosures required by law in certain States and other territories.
Your Choices
We provide you with the ability to make certain choices about how we use your personal information, as described below.
Marketing and Promotional Communications:
You can opt out of receiving marketing and promotional communications from us at any time by using the contact information below or following the instructions included in any marketing or promotional communications that you receive from us. Note that even if you opt out of receiving marketing and promotional communications from us, you will still receive non-marketing or transactional messages from us, including messages about your account and responses to your inquiries/requests.
Cookies:
As noted above, we (and our partners and providers) use cookies on the Sites for various purposes, including for analytics and advertising purposes. To learn more about the cookies in use on our Sites or to adjust your preferences with respect to the cookies deployed on the Sites, use our cookie preference tool found by clicking “Manage Cookie Preferences” in the footer of the Sites.
Location-Based Services:
If you use the Apps, you may control our collection and use of location-based information by adjusting the settings on your mobile device. You can also stop our collection of location information from your device(s) by uninstalling the Apps.
Your Legal Rights
Depending on where you reside or were located when we collected your personal information, you may have certain rights in relation to your personal information, as described below. For more information about jurisdictions where these options are available, please read the additional instructions immediately following the list of rights below.
Right of Access:
You may ask us to confirm whether we are processing your personal information and, if so, details regarding our processing of the personal information.
You may also request that we provide your personal information, in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format.
You may request information about our disclosure of your personal information to third parties, including a list of any third parties to whom we disclosed your personal information for direct marketing purposes
Right to Delete:
Subject to certain exceptions, you may request that we delete your personal information. There are some reasons we will not be able to fully address your request, such as if we need to complete a transaction for you, to detect and protect against fraudulent and illegal activity, to exercise our rights, or to comply with a legal obligation.
Right to Correct:
Subject to certain exceptions, you may request that we correct inaccuracies in your personal information. We will take commercially reasonable efforts to make the corrections that you request.
Right to Opt Out of Certain Types of Information Uses and Disclosures:
As described above, we use and disclose to third parties personal information for analytics and advertising purposes. If you are interested in exercising your right to opt out of the “sale” of your personal information or the processing of your personal information for “targeted advertising” (as these terms are defined in applicable law), you may submit a request at any time by submitting the Consumer Privacy Rights Request linked at the bottom of our Sites (where available based on user location and applicable law) and/or visiting the “Cookie Preferences” tool in the footer of the Sites and toggling the “Performance Cookies” and/or “Targeting Cookies off.
Right to Revoke Consent:
We may seek your affirmative consent to process your personal information for certain purposes. Where applicable, you may revoke your consent at any time.
Right to Limit Certain Processing Activities or to Object to Certain Processing Activities:
Where we have not sought your affirmative consent to process your personal information, you may have the right to limit or object to our continued processing of that personal information.
Additional Health Data Rights. If you are a resident of Nevada, Connecticut, or Washington, you have additional rights concerning your health data, including the right to submit a request to know or access, deletion, and the right to appeal any denial of these rights. You may exercise these rights by clicking on the Health Data Request.
If you exercise any of the foregoing rights, we will not discriminate against you.
To make a request, please submit the Consumer Privacy Rights Request linked at the bottom of our Sites (where available based on user location and applicable law) or
here
(EEA, UK, and Switzerland residents). You can also contact us by phone at 1-855-OUT-0567 to submit a request. When we receive your request, we will provide additional information about the timing of our response, any additional information we may need from you, and if we are unable to fully comply with your request. We will endeavor to respond to your requests within the timeframe established by the applicable law. If we need additional time to respond to your request, we will inform you of the reasons why. If we decide not to take action on your request, we will explain the reasons why. We may place reasonable limits on responding to repeated requests, where allowable by law.
Alternatively, where available, you can use certain preference signals to exercise your sale and sharing opt-out right automatically with all businesses that you interact with online, including Outside. If you enable a browser-based opt-out preference signal that complies with the CCPA, such as Global Privacy Control (GPC), in certain territories, upon receipt or detection, we will make reasonable efforts to treat the signal as a valid request to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information linked to that browser as required by applicable law.
In order to protect your privacy, we may require proof of your identity before we can act on your request. Where applicable, we will use the requested information for verification purposes only. We may decline certain requests if we cannot verify your identity and confirm the personal information we maintain relates to you.
You may authorize someone to submit a privacy rights request on your behalf (an “authorized agent”) using the submission methods outlined above. An authorized agent will need to demonstrate that you have authorized them to act on your behalf. Depending on the evidence provided, we may also contact you to verify your identity directly with us or request confirmation from you that the agent is authorized to make the request.
If we decide not to take action in response to your request, you may submit an appeal by email at privacy@outsideinc.com, or by phone at 1-855-OUT-0567. If you send an appeal via email, you must put the statement “Privacy Rights Appeal” in the subject field and provide enough information for us to understand the request you made and the rationale for the appeal. We will resolve your appeal within the timeframes established by applicable law. If your appeal is denied, we will explain why. If you continue to dispute our decision or would like to lodge a complaint regarding our handling of your personal information, you may contact the regulator in your jurisdiction that handles privacy complaints. See below for a list of contact information for the relevant regulatory bodies in select jurisdictions.
European Union:
https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/about-edpb/members_en
Switzerland:
https://www.edoeb.admin.ch/edoeb/en/home/the-fdpic/contact.html
United Kingdom:
https://ico.org.uk/make-a-complaint/data-protection-complaints/data-protection-complaints/
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY NOTICE
Pursuant to the CCPA, we are providing the following additional details regarding the categories of personal information that we collect, use, and disclose. Please see the “Your Legal Rights” section immediately above for the rights available to you in relation to your personal information and how you can exercise them.
Personal Information Collection and Disclosure
The following chart details which categories of personal information we have collected from and about California residents in the past twelve (12) months, the source(s) of each category of information, the categories of third parties to whom we have disclosed each category of information for a business purpose, and the categories of third parties to whom we have “sold” or with whom we have “shared” each category of information (as such terms are defined in the CCPA) (where applicable). Please note that the first column in the chart lists by category the types of information described in the “Information We Collect” section above, as required by the CCPA.
Category of Personal Information
Categories of Sources
Disclosures of Personal Information for a Business Purpose
Sale or Sharing of Personal Information
Identifiers
, including names, physical addresses, email addresses, online identifiers, IP addresses, account names, and other similar identifiers.
Directly from individuals
Through automated means
Third-party sources
We have disclosed this category of information for a business purpose in the past 12 months to the following categories of third parties:
Our Service Providers
Our Analytics Providers
We have sold or shared this category of information in the past 12 months to or with the following categories of third parties:
Our Advertising and Analytics Partners and Providers (including social media platforms)
Personal information categories listed in the
California Customer Records statute
, including telephone numbers and credit and debit card information.
Directly from individuals
We have disclosed this category of information for a business purpose in the past 12 months to the following categories of third parties:
Our Service Providers
Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law
, including sex/gender expression.
Directly from individuals
We have disclosed this category of information for a business purpose in the past 12 months to the following categories of third parties:
Our Service Providers
Commercial information
, including items purchased, obtained, or considered.
Directly from individuals
Through automated means
We have disclosed this category of information for a business purpose in the past 12 months to the following categories of third parties:
Our Service Providers
Our Analytics Providers
We have sold or shared this category of information in the past 12 months to or with the following categories of third parties:
Our Advertising and Analytics Partners and Providers (including social media platforms)
Biometric information
, including images that are used for the purpose of uniquely identifying individuals.
Directly from individuals
We have disclosed this category of information for a business purpose in the past 12 months to the following categories of third parties:
Our Service Providers
Internet or other electronic network activity information
, including internet browsing history, search history, and interactions with the Digital Services and advertisements.
Through automated means
Third-party sources
We have disclosed this category of information for a business purpose in the past 12 months to the following categories of third parties:
Our Service Providers
Our Analytics Providers
We have sold or shared this category of information in the past 12 months to or with the following categories of third parties:
Our Advertising and Analytics Partners and Providers (including social media platforms)
Activity data,
such as activity logged, distance covered, hardware used and/or other similar data related to your activity
Directly from individuals
Through automated means
Third-party sources
We have disclosed this category of information for a business purpose in the past 12 months to the following categories of third parties:
Our Service Providers
Geolocation data
, such as IP location and other geolocation data, including precise geolocation data.
Through automated means
We have disclosed this category of information for a business purpose in the past 12 months to the following categories of third parties:
Our Service Providers
Our Analytics Providers
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information
, including photographs and other recordings.
Directly from individuals
Third-party sources
We have disclosed this category of information for a business purpose in the past 12 months to the following categories of third parties:
Our Service Providers
Inferences
, meaning inferences drawn from any of the information in the above-listed categories of information.
Through automated means
Third-party sources
We have disclosed this category of information for a business purpose in the past 12 months to the following categories of third parties:
Our Service Providers
Sensitive personal information
, including account log-in information in combination with passwords and individuals’ precise geolocation information.
Directly from individuals
Through automated means
We have disclosed this category of information for a business purpose in the past 12 months to the following categories of third parties:
Our Service Providers
Our Analytics Providers
Inferences drawn from the information identified above to create a profile and activity feed for you reflecting your preferences, characteristics, and activities.
Directly from individuals
We disclose this category of information to other consumers through our activity feeds, and third-party service providers and analytics providers.
Purposes for Collecting Personal Information
As described in more detail in the “Information Use” section above, we collect personal information to provide and manage the Services, fulfill our contractual obligations to you, and achieve a variety of legitimate business or commercial purposes.
Disclosures of Personal Information
As detailed in the “Information Disclosure” section above, we disclose personal information to fulfill the purposes described above. We will also disclose certain categories of personal information to competent governmental and public authorities and other third parties as necessary or appropriate, including when we have a legal or contractual obligation to disclose the information.
Sale and Sharing of Personal Information
As detailed in the chart above, we “sell” and “share” (as such terms are defined in the CCPA) certain categories of personal information to and with third parties and have “sold” and “shared” certain categories of personal information in the past twelve (12) months for analytics and advertising purposes. Please refer to the chart above for additional details. Our business model is not focused on selling data; however, in certain cases our marketing partners may receive information when they run digital advertising on our platform that enables them to access certain data about your use of our site. Under CCPA, our use of these services may constitute a “sale” of personal information.
We do not “sell” or “share” the personal information of individuals we know to be under 16 years of age.
Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information
As detailed in the chart above, we collect certain “sensitive personal information” (as defined in the CCPA). However, we do not use or disclose such information for any purpose outside of the limited permissible purposes set forth in the regulations implementing the CCPA. Such purposes including providing the Services and verifying, maintaining the quality of, and improving the Services.
We retain each category of personal information that we collect for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, including to satisfy legal or reporting requirements.
VIRGINIA, COLORADO, CONNECTICUT, UTAH, OREGON & TEXAS PRIVACY NOTICE
Notice of Collection
To learn more about the categories of personal data, including sensitive personal data, we collect about you and how we use it, please see Information We Collect above. To learn more about how we use that information, please see Information We Use. To learn more about the categories of third parties with whom we may share your personal data, please see Information Disclosure.
Rights
You have a right to submit a request to know, delete, correct (other than Utah), and to opt-out of the sale or processing of your personal data for targeted advertising purposes. If you live in Oregon, you also have a right to request a list of specific third parties to which Outside has disclosed your personal data. You also have a right to appeal a denial of any of these requests. To learn more about these rights, see Your Choices and Legal Rights above.
WASHINGTON HEALTH PRIVACY NOTICE
If you are a Washington resident, the following disclosures are provided to you pursuant to the Washington MY Health MY Data Act. For the purpose of this section, the phrase “health data” means information that is linked or reasonably linkable to you and that identifies your past, present, or future physical health status. Physical health status can include individual health conditions or treatment.
Categories of Health Data We Collect and Use
When you provide us access to your devices, as further described in the
Information from Linked Accounts
section above, we may collect information about your physical activity and physical health. We collect this health data to provide you with our Services and allow you to access such data through our platforms.
Collecting Health Data
We collect your health data directly from you and your devices when you give us permission to do so.
Using Health Data
We use your health data to provide you with access to our Services, and to otherwise understand how users engage with our Services, as described above.
Sharing Health Data
We share your health data only as specified in the INFORMATION DISCLOSURE section of our policy.
Health Data Rights
You have a right to submit a request for access, deletion, and appeal relating to your health data. To exercise these rights, see
YOUR CHOICES & LEGAL
RIGHTS
.
NEVADA PRIVACY NOTICE
Sale of Personal Information
If you are a Nevada resident, you have the right to submit a request directing us not to make any sale of your personal information. We do not sell your personal information as defined under Nevada law. However, to request email confirmation that we do not sell your personal information, please send e-mail to email to privacy@outsideinc.com with “Nevada Opt-Out of Sale” in the subject line and in the body of your message. We will provide the requested information to you via an email response.
Health Privacy Notice
You have certain rights over how we process your health data under Nevada law. For the purpose of this section, “health data” refers to information that is linked or reasonably capable of being linked to you and that is used to identify any past, present, or future health status of you. This may include any health condition or treatment.
Categories of Health Data We Collect And Use
When you provide us access to your devices, as further described in the
Information from Linked Accounts
section above, we may collect information about your physical activity and physical health. We collect this health data to provide you with our Services and allow you to access such data through our platforms.
Collecting Health Data
We collect your health data directly from you and your devices when you give us permission so to do so.
Using Health Data
We use your health data to provide you with access to our Services, and to otherwise understand how users engage with our Services, as described above.
Sharing Health Data
We share your health data only as specified in the INFORMATION DISCLOSURE section of our policy.
Tracking Health Data
No third parties will collect your health data over time and across different websites or online services when you use our Services unless you provide permission to do so.
Health Data Rights
You have a right to submit a request for access, deletion, and appeal relating to your health data. To exercise these rights, see Your Choices and Legal Rights above.
Material Change Notice
See the Revisions to this Privacy Policy section below.
NON-U.S. RESIDENT PRIVACY NOTICE
Role and Data Controller Contact Details
The General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) and other related laws distinguish between organizations that process personal information for their own purposes (known as “controllers”) and organizations that process personal information on behalf of other organizations (known as “processors”).
We act as a controller with respect to personal information collected from you as you engage with our Services. If you have questions with respect to our processing of your information as a controller, you can contact us by email at the email address set forth in the section entitled “How To Contact Us” below.
Lawful Basis for Processing
The GDPR and related laws require a “lawful basis” for processing personal information. Our lawful bases include the following:
Consent: We may collect, use, and disclose your personal information on the basis of the consent that you provide us at the point of information collection or disclosure.
Contractual necessity: We may collect and use certain personal information where it is either necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or to take steps at your request before entering into such a contract. This may include personal information used to provide you with the Services and related transaction information.
Compliance with a legal obligation: We are subject to various legal requirements in the jurisdictions in which we operate, and we may use, disclose, and retain your personal information if necessary for us to comply with a legal obligation arising under an applicable law to which we are subject.
Legitimate interests: We may collect and use your personal information to the extent necessary to carry out our legitimate interests (or those of a third party), provided that such interests do not outweigh your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. For example, we may collect and use your personal information in reliance on a legitimate interest in managing our relationship with you; conducting and managing our business; providing you with customer support; developing and enhancing the Services; detecting and preventing fraud and other harmful activities; and monitoring and maintaining the security of our information, systems, and networks.
Onward Transfer
Outside is a global business and it, or its service providers, may process, transfer, and store personal information on servers located in a number of countries inside of the EEA (e.g., Germany) and UK or outside of the EEA and UK, including in the United States and Canada. Since we are committed to protecting your personal information, we take steps to ensure that there are appropriate safeguards in place when we transfer personal information across international borders. If the GDPR applies and your data is transferred outside the UK or the EEA to the United States or any other country, we will transfer your personal information subject to appropriate safeguards, such as an adequacy decision by the European Commission on the basis of Article 45 of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 or Standard Contractual Clauses, as provided from time to time by the European Commission. You can receive additional information about where your personal information is transferred and the appropriate safeguards by contacting us.
Your Data Subject Rights
Your Rights. If you are a data subject under the GDPR or similar jurisdictions, subject to certain conditions, you have the right to:
Access, rectify, or erase any personal information we process about you;
Data portability – that is, asking us to transfer your personal information to any third party of your choice;
Restrict or object to our processing of your personal information; and
Where applicable, withdraw your consent at any time for any processing of your personal information.
Please see
“
Your Legal Rights
”
above for more information on how to exercise these rights.
Complaints
If you have a complaint about our use of your personal information or our response to your request(s) regarding your personal information, you may submit a complaint to the Data Protection Supervisory Authority in your jurisdiction. We would, however, appreciate the opportunity to address your concerns before you approach a data protection regulator and welcome you to first direct an inquiry to us. In addition to our contact details set out above, you can also contact our Designated Individual Overseeing Compliance of this Privacy Policy by following the “How To Contact Us” section below.
5. THIRD-PARTY SERVICES
The Digital Services may include links to or integrations with third-party websites and/or offer you the ability to interact with social plug-ins from social media platforms. We have no control over the personal information that is collected, stored, or used by third-party websites or social media platforms, and we are not responsible for their information handling or privacy practices. Your use of these third-party services is subject to each provider’s privacy policy, so we encourage you to read these policies carefully.
6. CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
Protecting children’s privacy is important to us. We do not direct the Services to, nor do we knowingly collect any personal information online from children under the age of 16. Please contact us if you are a parent or guardian of a child under the age of 16 and you believe that we may have collected personal information online from your child. If we learn that a child under the age of 16 has provided personal information online through the Services, we will use reasonable efforts to delete such information.
8. INFORMATION RETENTION
We will retain your personal information as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy, including to satisfy our legal or reporting requirements, unless a longer retention period is required or allowed under law.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal information, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of personal information; the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of the personal information; the purpose for which we use the personal information; whether we can achieve the purposes through other means; and the applicable legal requirements.
If we de-identify information, we will maintain and use the information in de-identified form and not attempt to re-identify the information except as required or permitted by law.
7. INFORMATION SECURITY
We take reasonable and appropriate physical, administrative, and technical steps to safeguard the personal information we collect from and about our customers and users of the Services. However, no security system is perfect, and we cannot guarantee the absolute security of your personal information.
9. REVISIONS TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to change, modify, add, remove, or otherwise revise portions of this Privacy Policy at any time. The “Effective Date” at the top of this page indicates when this Privacy Policy was last revised. When we make changes, we will revise the date at the top of this page to reflect the date such changes occurred. If we change the Privacy Policy in a material way, we will provide you with appropriate notice before such changes take effect. Unless otherwise stated, your continued use of the Services following the posting of a revised version of this Privacy Policy constitutes your acceptance of the changes.
10. HOW TO CONTACT US
Outside Interactive, Inc. is the controller and business responsible for processing your personal information as set forth in this Privacy Policy, except as expressly noted herein.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our information handling and privacy practices, you may contact us at
privacy@outsideinc.com
or by mail to 1600 Pearl St., Boulder, CO 80302.
INTRODUCTION
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY NOTICE
VIRGINIA, COLORADO, CONNECTICUT, UTAH, OREGON & TEXAS PRIVACY NOTICE
WASHINGTON PRIVACY NOTICE
NEVADA PRIVACY NOTICE
NON-US PRIVACY NOTICE
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
INFORMATION WE USE
INFORMATION DISCLOSURE
YOUR CHOICES & LEGAL RIGHTS
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY NOTICE
VIRGINIA, COLORADO, CONNECTICUT, UTAH, OREGON & TEXAS PRIVACY NOTICE
WASHINGTON HEALTH PRIVACY NOTICE
NEVADA PRIVACY NOTICE
NON-U.S. PRIVACY NOTICE
THIRD-PARTY SERVICES
CHILDRENS PRIVACY
INFORMATION RETENTION
INFORMATION SECURITY
REVISIONS TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
HOW TO CONTACT US
privacy-policy