Skip to the content
Privacy Policy
Effective date: April 3, 2023
Our Mission
Our mission is to ensure the confidentiality and privacy of your data. SKRED is governed exclusively by French law.
Privacy Policy
SKRED assures users that their data and identity will remain confidential from other users.
Guarantees
As a service and hosting technical platform provider, SKRED does not edit the content exchanged by the user, who remains the exclusive owner and manager of his own SKRED publications, unlike the practice of many other apps or website editors. SKRED is committed to protecting the confidentiality of your technical data, which may be collected during the use of the service. All information provided or collected during the use of SKRED, or the website
https://www.skred.app
, is strictly confidential. When you download the SKRED application, no personally identifiable information will be requested to access the service. If you wish to create a SKRED account, simply create an anonymous username, and we will never know who you are. Your contact details will never be disclosed or leased to third parties.
Data Collection
SKRED automatically collects a minimal set of anonymous technical data when you use the service, ensuring that users cannot be identified from this information. The data collected includes:
Profile information
When you create a SKRED account, you have the option to provide a profile username and a profile picture. These details are solely used to display your identity to your contacts within the service and are not subjected to any processing. We respect your choice of anonymity; therefore, your profile information is not analyzed, shared, or used for any purpose other than to represent you to people you choose to communicate with on SKRED.
Device
SKRED gathers information about the type of device you use to access the service, including the model, operating system and its version, the device’s unique identifier, and information about the mobile network. This data is used solely to enhance your experience by offering an optimized service (e.g., audio/video quality, image sizes, screen widths) and is not stored.
Location
If you grant access to your location information, SKRED will use your geolocation data to offer you a personalized experience, taking into account your language preferences, for example. This information is used in a way that ensures your anonymity.
Logs
SKRED collects information on your usage of the service, the type of browser you are using, the timestamp, your IP address, and the ID of the service used. This data, which is strictly necessary for the smooth operation of the service, is not permanently stored and does not allow users to be identified.
This approach ensures that the technical data collected by SKRED is used responsibly to improve the service while preserving user anonymity and security.
What Are Your Rights?
According to the French Act n°78-17 of 6 January 1978 on Information Technology, Data Files and Civil Liberties (“loi informatique et liberté”), you have the right to access, to question, and to rectify your personal information.
In addition, you have the right to object to the processing of your personal data on legitimate grounds, and the right to object to the useof your personal data for advertising purposes, including marketing purposes.
You also have the right to request to rectify, complete,update, block or delete personal data that are inaccurate, incomplete, equivocal, expired, or whose collection, usage, disclosure, or retention is prohibited.
You can exercise your rights by contacting FRANCE EN LIGNE by mail at the following address: FRANCE EN LIGNE, 37 bis, rue Greneta, 75002 PARIS, FRANCE, with a signed copy of proof of identity.
According to the French Act n°78-17 of 6 January 1978 on Information Technology, Data Files and Civil Liberties (“loi informatique et liberté”), you have the right to access and rectify your personal data by sending an email to SKRED at: cil@skred.mobi.
To ensure confidentiality and the protection of your personal data, CASCADIA must verify the identity of the user before answering the request. Thus, a signed copy of proof of identity must be attached to any request relating to exercise your rights.
Legal Requests
SKRED’s head office is in France, and the application shall only be governed by the law of that country. Any demand or request from a government(including from the United States and Russia) regarding data transmission will be examined thoroughly. The only valid reasons compelling us to transmit confidential data would arise from a court decision, judicial request, or mandate requiring us to transmit any elements we possess.
Safety
SKRED implements advanced security measures to protect the anonymity and security of the technical data collected. This anonymous technical data is safeguarded behind proxies, ensuring that the interactions between your device and our servers are secured through SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) encryption. Only authorized personnel have access to this automatically collected data, and they are obligated to treat all information as sensitive and confidential, maintaining the highest standards of privacy and data protection. SKRED data is stored on servers in Europe and under French law, and all the more so, under European law. For this purpose, SKRED files have been declared to the CNIL (“Commission Nationale de l’Informatique et des Libertés”, the French Data Protection Authority).
Privacy Policy Update
This Privacy Policy may be subject to change or amendment at any time by FRANCE EN LIGNE.
Please consult this document periodically.
For more information about exercising your right, we recommend you to consult the CNIL website (the French Data Protection Authority), and particularly.