Spokin
|
Privacy
PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy is incorporated by reference into the Spokin
EULA
. The terms
“Spokin,”
“we,”
and
“us”
include Spokin, Inc. and our affiliates and subsidiaries. The Privacy Policy explains how Spokin may collect, use, and disclose information we obtain through the “Service.” Any capitalized terms used and not defined in this Privacy Policy shall have the meaning given to them in the
EULA
.
“Personal Information” can be used to readily identify, contact, or locate you.
“Personal Information”
means information that alone or when in combination with other information may be used to readily identify, contact, or locate you, such as: name, address, email address, or phone number. We do not consider Personal Information to include information that has been anonymized so that it does not allow a third party to easily identify a specific individual.
The Service Collects Your Information
We collect Personal Information when you:
register to use the Service;
use the Service; and
communicate with us.
We collect geo-location to help us personalize the Service for you.
We also collect information, such as anonymous usage statistics, by using cookies, server logs, and other similar technology as you use the Service.
Registration and Account Information.
To fill out your account profile, we may ask you to provide Personal Information, such as your name, username, email address, password, town, state, year of birth, and gender. You may also provide other optional information, such as health-related information and information about your family.
Using the Service.
We collect information you provide when you use the Service. For example, when you interact with other users by posting comments and reviews, uploading photographs, and chatting with other users, the Service will collect the information you provide in such submissions, including any Personal Information. You may provide us with information related to your allergies and medications. When you upload a photograph, we also receive the meta-data about the photograph, such as the time it was taken.
Making Payments.
When you make payments through the Service, you may need to provide financial account information, such as your credit card number, to our third-party service providers. We do not collect or store such information, though we may receive summary information about transactions that does not include credit card or bank account numbers.
Referrals.
A user may submit Personal Information, such as an email address, about others to us so that the user can recommend the Service or content available on the Service to them. We use the information to send a communication to the individual and then delete the information. The recipient of an invitation to use the Service may see your name and email address as the referrer.
Communicate with Us.
We may collect Personal Information through your communications with our customer-support team or through other communications with us, including through social media and sign up.
Geo-Location Information from Your Mobile Device.
We may collect and store your geo-location information if your device settings are enabled to send it to us. Collection of this information may improve the provision of the Service, such as by allowing the Service to make recommendations and offers and showing nearby friends based on your current location.
Information, Contacts, and Content from Your Device.
The Service automatically collects information about your device, such as a device ID and browser type, so that we can provide and customize functionality, such as push notifications. You may also permit the Service to access and collect your device’s contact list and photo storage.
Automatic Data Collection:
Cookies and Related Technologies. The Service collects and stores information that is generated automatically as you use it, including information about your anonymous usage statistics. When we associate such information with Personal Information, we will treat the combination as Personal Information.
When you use the Service or receive emails from us, we and our third-party partners, such as advertising networks, social media widgets, and analytics providers, use “cookies” and other similar technologies to collect information about how the Service or email is accessed. Our partners also may collect information about your online activities over time, on other devices, and on other websites or apps. When they provide such services, they are governed by their own privacy policies. You may be able to change browser settings to block and delete cookies when you access the Service through a web browser. However, if you do that, the Service may not work properly. We may use Google Analytics to collect and process certain Services usage data. Google provides additional privacy options regarding cookie use described at
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/.
By using the Service, you are authorizing us to gather, parse, and retain data related to the provision of the Service. We may retain such information, including Personal Information, indefinitely.
How Spokin Uses Your Information
We use Personal Information to:
facilitate and improve our services; and
communicate with you.
We may use aggregate information for any purpose, including for marketing purposes.
Internal and Service-Related Usage.
We use information, including Personal Information, to provide and improve the Service, and analyze how you use our Service,
Communications.
We may send email to the email address you provide to us or push notifications to your mobile device if they are enabled, to verify your account and for informational and operational purposes, such as account management, customer service, system maintenance, and other Service-related purposes.
Marketing and Advertising.
We may use information, including Personal Information, to provide personalized advertisements, including ads that are relevant to your food allergy or other health information. We may send you marketing emails messages with information we think may be useful or relevant to you. You may opt out of email marketing by using the unsubscribe link in a marketing email.
Aggregate Data.
We may anonymize or aggregate data collected through the Service and use and disclose it for any purpose.
Spokin May Disclose Your Information
We may share your Personal Information:
with our third-party vendors and service providers;
to other users;
to other websites and services;
to comply with legal obligations;
to protect and defend our rights and property; and
with your permission.
We do not rent, sell, or share Personal Information about you with other people or nonaffiliated companies for their direct marketing purposes, unless we have your permission.
We Use Vendors and Service Providers.
We may share any information we receive with vendors and service providers we use to help us provide the Service. For example, we will provide Personal Information to computer hosting providers and payment processors as part of any financial transactions.
Displaying to Other Users and Visitors.
The content you provide to the Service may be displayed on the Service to other users and visitors. Visitors and other users of the Service may be able to see some information about you, such as your profile information, the emoji you select, and information you publish. Users may also see the contents of messages that you send them. We are not responsible for how other users will view and use the posted information.
Social Networking and Other Websites.
The Service may allow you to share information, including Personal Information, with social networking websites, such as Facebook. We do not share your Personal Information with them unless you direct the Service to share it. Their use of the information will be governed by their privacy policies, and you may be able to modify your privacy settings on their websites.
Marketing and Advertising.
We do not rent, sell, or share personal information (as defined by California Civil Code § 1798.83) about you with other people or nonaffiliated companies for their direct marketing purposes, unless we have your permission. We work with third party advertising partners to show ads that we think may interest you. These third parties collect information from you when you visit our Service and other online services.
You may learn about how to opt out of receiving personalized advertisements from advertisers or advertising networks who are members of the Network Advertising Initiative or who subscribe to the Digital Advertising Alliance’s Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising by visiting the opt-out sections on the websites of each of those organizations. Links to those Services are here:
Network Advertising Initiative:
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
Digital Advertising Alliance:
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
In addition, you may be able to access settings offered by your mobile operating system to limit ad tracking or install the AppChoices app to learn more about how you may opt out of receiving personalized mobile ads. When you opt out of personalized advertising, you may continue to see online advertising on the Service and/or our ads on other Internet websites.
Legal and Similar Disclosures.
We may access, preserve, and disclose collected information, if we believe doing so is required or appropriate to: comply with law enforcement requests and legal process, such as a court order or subpoena; respond to your requests; comply with the law; or protect your, our, or others’ rights, property, or safety.
Merger, Sale, or Other Asset Transfers.
If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, sale of Spokin assets, or transition of service to another provider, your information may be sold or transferred as part of such a transaction as permitted by law and/or contract. We cannot control how such entities may use or disclose such information.
With Your Permission.
We may also disclose your Personal Information with your permission.
Information Security
We take steps to ensure that your information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Unfortunately, the Internet cannot be guaranteed to be 100% secure, and we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you provide to us. We do not accept liability for unintentional disclosure.
By using the Service or providing Personal Information to us, you agree that we may communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of the Service. If we learn of a security system’s breach, we may attempt to notify you electronically by posting a notice on the Service or sending an email to you. You may have a legal right to receive this notice by mail.
Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect information from children under 13. We will take steps to delete it if we learn we have collected it.
We do not knowingly collect, maintain, or use personal information from children under 13 years of age, and no part of the Service is directed to children under the age of 13. If you learn that your child has provided us with personal information without your consent, you may alert us at
privacy@spokin.com
. If we learn that we have collected any personal information from children under 13, we will promptly take steps to delete such information and terminate the child’s account.
International Users
By using the Service, you will transfer data to the United States.
If you are visiting from the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use, you agree to the transfer of your information to the United States and processing globally. By providing your information you consent to any transfer and processing in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Update Your Information Or Pose A Question Or Suggestion
If you would like to update or correct any information that you have provided to us through your use of the Service or otherwise, or if you have suggestions for improving this Privacy Policy, please send an email to
privacy@spokin.com
. If you are under the age of 18 and a California resident, you may request that content or information you posted to the Service no longer be publicly accessible from the Service by sending an email to
privacy@spokin.com
. After completing the request, we may continue to hold your content and information and such content and information may remain publicly available if your association with the content and information is removed or another user posted, copied, or re-posted the content and information.
Changes To Our Privacy Policy And Practices
We may revise this Privacy Policy, so review it periodically.
Posting of Revised Privacy Policy.
We will post any adjustments to the Privacy Policy on this web page, and the revised version will be effective when it is posted.
New Uses of Personal Information.
From time to time, we may desire to use Personal Information for uses not previously disclosed in our Privacy Policy. If our practices change regarding previously collected Personal Information in a way that would be materially less restrictive than stated in the version of this Privacy Policy in effect at the time we collected the information, we will make reasonable efforts to provide notice and obtain consent to any such uses as may be required by law.
Contact Information
Spokin, Inc
PO Box 220116
Chicago, IL 60622
privacy@spokin.com
Get the Spokin word in your inbox!
Email
(Required)
Alternative:
WPA
Notifications
Get the Spokin word in your inbox!
Be the first to get the latest updates and exclusive content sent to your email.
Email
(Required)
Alternative:
WPA