Color Tint Camera
Make your photos look more cool
Home
About
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This policy applies to all information collected or submitted on our apps for iPhone and any other devices and platforms.
Information Collection and Use
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
AdMob
Google Analytics for Firebase
Firebase Crashlytics
Fabric
Security
I value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13.
Your Consent
By using our site or apps, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at colortintcamera@gmail.com.
Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Like
Loading...
Pages
About
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Categories
Uncategorized
(2)
Archives
December 2011
October 2011
Blog at WordPress.com.
•
Subscribe
Subscribed
Color Tint Camera
Sign me up
Already have a WordPress.com account?
Log in now.
Privacy
Color Tint Camera
Subscribe
Subscribed
Sign up
Log in
Copy shortlink
Report this content
View post in Reader
Manage subscriptions
Collapse this bar
%d
Design a site like this with WordPress.com
Get started