LINAK
®
Privacy Policy
Thank you for reading our privacy policy. We value your privacy and with this privacy policy, we want to inform you about the personal data we collect, how and why we collect personal data, how it may be used by us, whom we share it with, and your rights as a data subject.
For ease of reference, we have divided this privacy policy into subsections based on the most common interaction you may have with LINAK as a data processor/controller. You may fall within more than one subsection. In such cases, the information provided in each subsection will apply to you.
This privacy policy does not cover personal data concerning employees of LINAK, job applicants using our recruitment portal or other relations that are subject to separate privacy policies (which are applicable).
We kindly ask you not to send us any sensitive personal data, such as information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religion or other beliefs, health, biometric or genetic characteristics, criminal background, or trade union membership. We will not collect such data from you unless you give us your consent, or we are required to collect such data to comply with legal requirements.
Our business and related services and related web pages are not intended for or designed to attract children.
Who are we?
The LINAK Group is an international company engaged in designing and manufacturing electric linear actuator systems. LINAK A/S is based in Guderup, Denmark, and is represented in over 30 countries all over the world through either subsidiaries or distributors. See a list of the LINAK group of companies here:
LINAK subsidiaries and distributors worldwide.
The website is controlled by LINAK A/S. LINAK A/S is in most cases the data controller responsible for your personal data. If your data is being collected or processed in your role as a customer or recipient of marketing materials, your local LINAK subsidiary will be a joint data controller together with LINAK A/S.
Our contact information is provided at the end of this privacy policy.
Personal data collected by LINAK – what, how, and why
Website visitors
When you visit our website(s), we automatically collect personal data from you.
The personal data collected includes:
Your IP address, operating system, and platform, type of browser, browsing activity, and other data on how you interact with our website, such as clicks you have made on LINAK ads before visiting our webpage and/or contact forms.
Details entered into our contact forms, such as email, name, phone number, geographical region, and other information on your enquiry that are provided by you.
Survey and customer satisfaction, such as responses to surveys.
We collect personal data on website visitors through the use of cookies, the scope of such collection will depend on your acceptance of individual types of cookies (marketing, statistic, and preference cookies). For further information please visit our
Cookie Declaration
.
We use interest-based advertising of our products. If you accept marketing-cookies from LINAK when you visit our website, you may see LINAK advertising on various other platforms.
We process the personal data of website visitors for the following purposes:
To operate, improve, and optimise the performance and visitor experience of our website and services.
To collect
anonymous
feedback and usage data to improve our understanding of website visitors, and to provide better and customised website services.
To enhance security, to block possible spam, for bug fixing and technical maintenance.
To build statistics.
To provide personalised advertising (if marketing cookies are accepted). We and our advertising partners use social media tracking tools such as Facebook Pixel and LinkedIn Pixel.
For compliance with legal obligations, we may be subject to.
Read more
ReadLessButton
Recipients of Marketing Material
When you have signed up for marketing material from LINAK, we collect personal data which we use to provide you with news, information, events, and offers to improve and customise your experience as the recipient of LINAK marketing material.
Furthermore, in some countries, based on applicable local regulations, we can send you marketing material without you having signed up for such marketing material, however, you can at any time opt-out of such communication by unsubscribing.
The personal data collected and processed by LINAK for these purposes include:
Personal details, such as your name and language preferences.
Contact details, such as your (work) address, geographical region, telephone number, and email address.
Work-related information, such as your industry, role, employer, and areas of interest.
Information about interactions with you, such as your consent for receipt of marketing material, the effectiveness of marketing efforts, marketing preferences, product searches, and interests, and information about sales visits, events, or trade fair participation.
Detail concerning participation in sweepstakes and competitions.
Activity on relevant third-party platforms, such as social media (in accordance with your consents/settings on such social media/cookie consent).
Survey and customer satisfaction data, such as responses to surveys (when not anonymous), feedback provide to LINAK or LINAK employees.
Optimisation of marketing services, such as analysing customer demands to target advertising or providing you with information about supplementary products.
Optimisation and development of support services.
Compliance with legal obligations, such as marketing and data protection laws.
Read more
ReadLessButton
Customers
When you are a customer of LINAK or you work for a company that is a customer of LINAK, we collect personal data which we use to provide you and your employer with relevant information on LINAK and LINAK products, to process orders and claims and for other purposes relevant to the commercial relationship.
The personal data collected and processed by LINAK for these purposes include:
Personal details, such as your name and language.
Contact details, such as your work address, geographical region, telephone number, and email address.
Work-related information, such as your industry, role, employer, and areas of interest.
Sales-related information (to the extent that such information includes personal data), such as email correspondences, information on sales visits and participation in LINAK events, purchase/order information on pending and previous orders, quotations, delivery addresses, rebates, and incentives.
Products information (to the extent that such information includes personal data), such as products information, datasheets, and warranty claims.
Customer support-related information, such as email communication, call notes and details entered into contact forms.
Transaction and financial information related to the customer (to the extent such information includes personal data), such as invoicing details, bank details, and information on credit agencies.
Details concerning visits to LINAK (to the extent provided to or arranged by LINAK), such as visitor registration and travel documents.
Survey and customer satisfaction data (provided that it is not anonymous), such as responses to surveys and feedback provided to LINAK.
The above-mentioned personal data will only be collected to the extent necessary and relevant to the customer relationship and interaction with LINAK. As a main rule, we collect your data directly from you or your employer when this data is provided as part of product orders or otherwise in the commercial relationship.
We use the applicable personal data to ensure a personalised customer relationship, based on your preferences and interaction with LINAK. Furthermore, we use the applicable personal data for the following purposes:
Customer relations management, such as monitoring, analysing, managing, and supporting the ongoing customer relationship.
Optimisation of marketing and sales activities.
Communication purposes.
Planning, performing, and managing the contractual relationship with the customer.
Compliance with legal obligations, for example, related to export control and sanctions screening.
Read more
ReadLessButton
Corporate users of LINAK digital offerings
LINAK offers various digital offerings to its customers, this includes software applications (Apps), digital product platforms, etc.
Please note that if you are a private/professional end-user of LINAK digital offerings, you should refer to the section on “End Users of LINAK Software Applications (Apps)”.
With our digital offerings, we want to offer enhanced customer experience and capabilities related to our products. Some, but not all, of these digital offerings will process personal data. Some of our digital offerings only store and process data on your device and as such it will not be shared with LINAK or other third parties. The privacy policy and terms of use of the applicable digital offering will provide more detailed information on applicable data processing the applicable digital offering.
The personal data collected may include, amongst others:
Personal details, such as names, user ID/login, and password and language preferences.
Contact details, such as your work address, telephone number, email address, and geographical location.
Digital offering usage, such as your interaction with functions, product connectivity and activity, performance and diagnostics data and statistics, device type, operating system, preferences, and saved functions.
Location data (for example for Bluetooth
®
connectivity).
The above-mentioned data will only be collected to the extent necessary and relevant to your use of our digital offerings. The data we collect is collected directly from you and/or through your use of our digital offerings.
Read more
ReadLessButton
End users of LINAK digital offerings
LINAK offers digital solutions such as software programs, software applications (apps), and digital product platforms (“Digital Offerings”) with some of its products for enhanced end-user experience. Some, but not all, of these Digital Offerings will process personal data.
Furthermore, some of our Digital Offerings only store and process data on your device and as such this will not be shared with LINAK or other third parties. The privacy policy and terms of use of the applicable Digital Offering will provide more detailed information on applicable data processing of the Digital Offering.
The personal data collected may include:
Personal details, such as names, user ID/login, and password and language preferences.
Contact details, such as your address, telephone number, email address, and geographical location.
App usage, such as your interaction with functions, product connectivity and activity, performance and diagnostics data and statistics, device type, operating system, preferences, and saved functions.
Location data (for example for Bluetooth
®
connectivity).
The above-mentioned data will only be collected to the extent necessary and relevant to your use of our Digital Offerings. The data we collect is collected directly from you and/or through your use of our Digital Offerings.
Read more
ReadLessButton
Suppliers
When you work for a company that is a supplier of LINAK, we may collect personal data for our business relationship.
The personal data collected and processed by LINAK for these purposes include:
Personal details, such as your name and language preferences.
Contact details, such as your work address, geographical region, telephone number, and email address.
Work-related information, such as your industry, role, and employer.
Supplier-related information (to the extent that such information includes personal data), such as email correspondences, product information, information on orders, and warranty claims.
Transaction and financial information of the supplier (to the extent such information includes personal data), such as invoicing details, bank details, and information on credit agencies.
The above-mentioned data will only be collected to the extent necessary and relevant to our business relationship and your interactions with LINAK. As a main rule, we collect your data directly from you or your employer when this data is provided as part of product orders or otherwise in the commercial relationship.
We use the applicable personal data for the day-to-day operation of our commercial relationship, this includes but is not limited to:
Planning, administration, and handling of invoices.
Ensure legal compliance, for example, related to export control and sanctions screening.
To manage and enforce contractual obligations.
Read more
ReadLessButton
Legal bases for the processing of personal data
LINAK will only process personal data in order to pursue a legitimate purpose and provided that there is a legal basis for such processing. Such legal bases include:
Your consent for the processing.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract.
The processing is necessary for compliance with legal obligation(s) that LINAK is subject to.
The processing is based on legitimate interests and such processing is limited and not harmful to you.
Whom we share personal data with
LINAK may share your personal data when necessary for the purposes described above. We may share personal data as follows:
Within the LINAK Group.
To business partners of LINAK, such as sales and marketing partners, partners for digital offerings and IoT, logistic partners, etc.
IT service providers and data processors acting on behalf of LINAK, for purposes such as hosting services, IT support, cloud services, etc.
Consultants and advisers of LINAK.
Other authorised third parties who may need to access or store personal data as required or permitted by applicable law.
LINAK will never sell your personal data nor intentionally share it with unauthorised third parties.
Social media platforms
To optimise our activities on social media platforms, we use tools such as lead ads and Facebook Custom Audiences, which means that we pay for the platforms to assist us in finding relevant persons to target our advertising and other marketing content. Criteria used for targeting is either set by LINAK or the social media platform. Such sponsored and targeted ads are marked “Sponsored”. If you interact with our posts, we will note this.
Transfer of personal data
In certain cases, your personal data may be transferred across borders. We take great care to ensure compliance with applicable data protection laws and other local requirements when transferring data across borders.
Profiling
Where we are legally authorised, we may use profiling to provide you with personalised content and interactions. This can include but is not limited to personalised adverts and other marketing materials that we believe will be of interest to you.
To the extent possible, we will anonymise and aggregate data when performing our analyses and compiling statistics.
Retention of personal data
At LINAK we only retain personal data for as long as is reasonably necessary for the purpose for which it was collected and never longer than prescribed by applicable law. In some cases, LINAK may have to store data longer than necessary for the purpose for which it was collected to comply with legal requirements on retention. In some cases, we will keep data in an anonymised form for statistical purposes rather than deleting it.
How we protect your data
We have implemented appropriate technical and operational security precautions to protect your data from being accidentally or intentionally manipulated, lost, destroyed, or accessed by unauthorised persons. Our security measures are reviewed regularly, for example, to address new technology.
We have implemented written procedures and processes on the protection of personal data and train our employees in data privacy regularly.
Your rights
You have certain rights related to the personal data we process. This includes:
You may have the right to obtain confirmation as to whether personal data concerning you is processed, and, where that is the case, to request access to the personal data. This right is however subject to statutory limitation, i.e., it is not absolute.
You may have the right to object to the collection and further processing of your personal data where the processing is not based on a legal requirement or otherwise necessary.
Upon request, LINAK will delete or correct any information, which is inaccurate or incorrect.
If you have provided your consent for any processing of personal data by LINAK, you may withdraw this consent at any time with future effect. Such a withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before your withdrawal of the consent or processing based on a different legal basis than consent.
You have the right to receive personal data concerning you, which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format and you have the right to transmit this data to another entity.
If you believe that we process or have processed your personal data unlawfully, you may lodge a complaint to the Danish Data Protection Supervisory Authority (Datatilsynet), Carl Jacobsens Vej 35, 2500 Valby, telephone
+45 33 19 32 00
and
dt@datatilsynet.dk
, or the applicable local supervisory authority.
If you have any questions regarding this privacy policy or our processing of your personal data or would like to exercise any of your rights set out here above, you can contact us
here
or via telephone at
+45 73 15 15 15
.
Our postal address is:
LINAK A/S
Smedevænget 8, Guderup
DK-6430 Nordborg, Denmark
Att. Data Protection Manager
Changes:
We may change this privacy policy from time to time. All updates and amendments will be uploaded to our website.
Last updated:
March 2022