Digital Corporate Portal
UBL Funds Online
Investor Relations
Net Banking Login
Switch back to the old version
Related Links
Contact Us
More
Home
More
ContactUs
Contact Us
Dear Customer,
At UBL, we value your suggestions and feedback, as we aim to achieve excellence through the highest standards of customer service.
If you have any queries, complaints or feedback you can:
Call our 24/7 UBL Contact Center at:
111-825-888
(UAN)
For people in Azad Jammu Kashmir:
(021)32446949
Write to us at:
Customer Services,
Contact Center & Customer Care,
1st Floor, UBL Warehouse Building,
Mai Kolachi Road, Karachi.
Write to us and drop your complaint / feedback in the Complaint Box available in your nearest UBL branch
Fax us at
Customer Services:
021-99207697
Email us at
customer.services@ubl.com.pk
Lodge online complaint
Please provide the following in your communication:
Name
Mailing Address & Contact Number
CNIC / Account No.
Brief Description
Supporting Documents (if any)
You should expect to receive :
Acknowledgment of the complaint
An interim response in case your complaint requires further investigation
Intimation of the complaint resolution
If you are not satisfied with our response to your complaint, please write to, email, fax or call Banking Mohtasib Pakistan: 5th Floor, Shaheen Complex, M.R Kiyani Road, Karachi.
Email:
info@bankingmohtasib.gov.pk
Fax:021-99217375, 99213904 Tel:021-99217334-38
Related Links
UBL Consumer Protection Framework
UBL Consumer Protection Framework (Urdu)
Contact Us (Urdu)
Schedule of Charges
POLITICALLY EXPOSED PERSON (PEP) Focal Person
Disclaimer
Site Map
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.ubldigital.com/Privacy-Policy:
Digital Corporate Portal
UBL Funds Online
Investor Relations
Net Banking Login
Switch back to the old version
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Statement
United Bank Limited is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the United Bank Limited Web site and Digital App and governs data collection and usage. By using the United Bank Limited website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
United Bank Limited collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. United Bank Limited also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by United Bank Limited. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by United Bank Limited for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the United Bank Limited Web site.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through United Bank Limited public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Note: United Bank Limited does not read any of your private online communications.
United Bank Limited encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from United Bank Limited so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. United Bank Limited is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the United Bank Limited and United Bank Limited family of Web sites.
Use of Your Personal Information
United Bank Limited collects and uses your personal information to operate the United Bank Limited Web site and Digital App and deliver the services you have requested. United Bank Limited also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from United Bank Limited and its affiliates. United Bank Limited may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
United Bank Limited does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. United Bank Limited may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, United Bank Limited may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to United Bank Limited, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
United Bank Limited does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
United Bank Limited keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within United Bank Limited, in order to determine what United Bank Limited services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within United Bank Limited to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
United Bank Limited Web site and Digital App will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on United Bank Limited or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of United Bank Limited; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of United Bank Limited, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The United Bank Limited Web site use "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize United Bank Limited pages, or register with United Bank Limited site or services, a cookie helps United Bank Limited to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same United Bank Limited Web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the United Bank Limited features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the United Bank Limited services or Web sites you visit.
Security of Your Personal Information
United Bank Limited secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. United Bank Limited secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Account Closure Process
UBL strives to ensure a smooth account closure process for its customers. Please note the following procedures:
For Digital Account Users:
The UBL Digital App does not currently support direct account deletion. To initiate the closure of your digital account, please send an email request to
care@ubl.com.pk
A UBL representative will reach out to confirm your request and schedule a branch visit to finalize the closure process.
For Non-Digital Account Users:
You may initiate the account closure process by visiting your nearest UBL branch directly.
Upon closure of your account, your personal data will be handled in accordance with our data retention policy. While most personal data will be deleted, certain information may be retained to comply with regulatory requirements. Detailed information regarding the specific data retained and the applicable retention timelines will be provided during the branch visit.
For any questions or further assistance, please contact UBL customer service or visit your nearest branch.
Changes to this Statement
United Bank Limited will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. United Bank Limited encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how United Bank Limited is protecting your information.
Contact Information
United Bank Limited welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that United Bank Limited has not adhered to this Statement, please contact United Bank Limited at
admin.corp@ubl.com.pk
. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.