This Privacy Policy explains how information about you is collected, used and disclosed by Passio Technologies,
    Inc., a company incorporated under the laws of Georgia  and our affiliates and subsidiaries in the United
    States (collectively, “Passio”, “ParaPlan Software”, “we”, “us”, or “our”) with its principal business office
    located at 6100 Lake Forrest Dr, Ste. 410 Sandy Springs, GA.
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their ‘Personally
    Identifiable Information’ (PII) is being used online. PII, as described in US privacy law and information security,
    is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single
    person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear
    understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in
    accordance with our website.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our website or app?
We do collect personal information or other details from visitors to our site to help you with your experience.
    This information includes your name, email address, phone number, job details, interest in our products, and other
    relevant data. We also collect data when new clients and their employees set up a Passio Navigator account with us.
    Any blog comments or other public reviews are available to viewers.
We also collect information from clients, interested parties, and prospective customers through surveys,
    promotions, and contests. We also collect information from your use of our website, including: IP address, previous
    sites visited, site interactions, your network and device, etc. Passio collects information from our partners,
    including social media sites and ad sites where you may interact or view one of our ads.
Our app takes information about user locations to provide information to transit agencies and publicly accessible
    applications to view general usage patterns..
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you select an agency, stop or route on our site or enter information on our
    site to view information about the location of a vehicle or route.
Passio collects voluntary information when a site visitor completes one of our website forms requesting to be
    contacted or one of our website feedback forms. We also collect information from clients and their employees who
    register for a Passio Navigator, Passio Connect account, or other similar service offered by Passio.
We use Google Firebase Analytics to anonymously log agency and route selected.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter,
    respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the
    following ways:
To personalize your experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you
      are most interested.
To allow us to better serve you in responding to your customer service requests.
To send you applicable and appropriate marketing materials that you may find useful
To further contact you in regards to a potential purchase or service offering
To allow for services such as access to solutions or systems and for internal uses such as billing or account
      management.
To advertise to you.
To analyze your potential interests with our products and services
To assist with third-party relationships with vendors and providers
To implement security measures to prevent any unauthorized use
To ensure legal compliance such as industry standards, taxes, and other business obligations
How do we protect your information?
We do not use vulnerability scanning and/or scanning to PCI standards. We only provide articles and information. We
    never ask for credit card numbers directly. We do not use Malware Scanning.
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of
    persons who have access rights to such systems, and who are required to keep the information confidential. In
    addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
We implement a variety of security measures when a user enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain
    the safety of your personal information.
Financial transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.
Do we use ‘cookies’?
We do use cookies. Cookies & tags are used automatically while you are on our website and app. We collect
    information about you during your use on our website and applications.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all
    cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Each browser may have unique commands to manage cookies. 
    We recommend that users refer to the browser Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify cookies.
If cookies are turned off, some features will be disabled which may impact the efficiency of the site experience
    and certain features may not function properly. Users will still be able to place orders.
Third-party disclosure
We do not sell or trade personally identifiable information to outside parties. We do include or offer third-party
    products or services on our website. We may share personal information with affiliated business partners or
    third-party service providers. We may publicly share your information if you choose to register for drawings,
    giveaways, or other similar programs.
We share data with third party advertisers who assist us in providing specific information to you about our
    products and services. In the event of a sale, merger, acquisition, transfer of assets, or reorganization of Passio,
    some or all of collected personal information may be transferred.
Google
We use Google advertising and its associated products that contain and capture your personal information for
    potential later targeted and tailored advertising. Google’s Advertising Principles summarize Google’s advertising
    requirements. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. We may add additional features
    offered by Google for advertising at any time in the future.
    https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en
CCPA (California Consumer Privacy Act)
At any time, you may request to know what information we have personally collected about you and with whom we have
    shared your personal information. Individuals may request that their information be removed from our system subject
    to certain reasonable expectations.
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old, the Children’s
    Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, the United States’
    consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services
    must do to protect children’s privacy and safety online.
We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old.
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts
    they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe.
    Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with
    the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should
      a data breach occur:
We will notify you via email within 7 business days of learning of the breach.
We agree to the Individual Redress Principle which requires that individuals have the right to legally pursue
    enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not
    only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts
    or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
CAN SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial
    messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out penalties for
    violations.
We collect your email address in order to:
Provide customer service responses, send marketing emails such as newsletters and service offerings.
To be in accordance with CANSPAM, we agree to the following:
We will not sell your email to 3rd party marketing agencies.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails you may directly unsubscribe
      following the instructions found within the email correspondence. Should you need further assistance regarding
      email subscriptions, you may contact
support@passiotech.com
.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.
support@passiotech.com
Last Edited on 2022-04-24