English
Russian
Данные
Зачем?
Возраст
При первом  старте приложения мы можем спросить ваш возраст, чтобы в дальнейшем управлять рекламой и отдельными функциями приоложения в зависимости от него.
Данные об использования приложения
Во время использования приложения мы собираем обезличенную информацию о запусках приложения, частоте и длительности сессий, прохождении уровней, совершении покупок, сбоях и другие события. Эта статистика помогает нам улучшать приложения, делая их полезнее, интереснее и увлекательней. События собираются при помощи одного или нескольких из перечисленных сервисов: AppsFlyer, Facebook Analytics, Flurry, Firebase, Google Analytics, Yandex AppMetrica (см Подробную информацию).
Уникальные рекламные идентификаторы устройств
Мы используем уникальные рекламные идентификаторы устройства Google Advertiser ID или IDFA для работы с рекламными сетями, которые персонализируют показываемую рекламу. Вы можете отключить персонализацию рекламы в настройках своего устройства. Вы также можете отключить показы рекламы в приложении, сделав покупку отключения рекламы в магазине (если приложение поддерживает отключение рекламы).
Страна и приблизительное месторасположение
Мы получаем название страны и приблизительное месторасположение, по которому невозможно определить ваше точное месторасположение, для персонализации рекламы и аналитики.
Информация об устройстве
Данные об устройстве (производитель, модель) и операционной системы (версия) получаются и используются для аналитики и технической поддержки пользователей. Они помогают нам выявлять сбои и ошибки на различных устройствах и исправлять их.
Наличие подключения к сети интернет
Определение наличия подключения к сети позволяет нам загружать дополнительные ресурсы для приложения (например, новые уровни),  рекламные данные и отправлять аналитические данные.
Ваше имя и адрес электронной почты
Если вы обращаетесь в нашу службу поддержки через электронную почту или форму поддержки на сайте, то, вы предоставляете нам адрес своей электронной почты, ваше имя и данные о вашем устройстве, версии операционной системе и версии приложения.
Данные могут предоставляться Пользователем самостоятельно, или же, в случае Данных об использовании, их сбор может автоматически осуществлять Приложение при его использовании.
Если не указано иное, все Данные, которые запрашивает Приложение, являются обязательными. В случае непредставления указанных Данных Приложение может оказаться не в состоянии предоставлять свои услуги. В тех случаях, когда Приложение прямо указывает на необязательность представления определенных Данных, Пользователи вправе не сообщать соответствующие Данные без каких-либо последствий в части, касающейся доступности или функционирования Сервиса.
Пользователи несут ответственность за любые Персональные данные третьих лиц, которые они получают, публикуют или предоставляют другим лицам, используя Приложение, и подтверждают, что ими получено согласие соответствующего третьего лица на предоставление Данных Владельцу.
Ваши данные хранятся не более, чем это необходимо для обеспечения работы приложения и используемых им сервисов.
Для функционирования мобильного приложения требуется множество различных сервисов, которые помогают нам обеспечивать работу приложения. Это магазины приложений, провайдеры рекламы, сервисы для аналитики, сбора данных об ошибках и т.д. Они могут собирать и использовать ваши данные для обеспечения работы. Для более подробной информации см. раздел
Подробная информация об обработке ваших данных
Персональные данные Пользователя могут быть использованы Владельцем в судебном процессе или на этапах, ведущих к возможному обращению в суд в связи с тем, что Приложение или сопутствующие Сервисы использовались ненадлежащим образом.
Пользователь заявляет о своей осведомленности о том, что Владелец может быть вынужден сообщить Персональные данные по требованию органов государственной власти
Appsflyer (AppsFlyer Ltd)
Appsflyer – аналитический сервис, предоставляемый компанией AppsFlyer Ltd.
Собираемые данные: Данные об использовании приложения и  сетевых ресурсов
Место обработки: Израиль
Правила обеспечения конфиденциальности персональных данных
Flurry Analytics (Flurry, Inc.)
Flurry Analytics – аналитический сервис, предоставляемый компанией Yahoo! Inc.
Этот сервис предназначен для сбора аналитических данных об использовании мобильных приложений и позволяет собирать различную информацию о вашем телефоне, описанную в правилах обеспечения конфиденциальности персональных данных в сервисе Flurry Analytics.
Если вы решите отказаться, то Flurry далее перестанет отслеживать данные устройства с предоставленным идентификатором устройства. Отслеживание аналитики будет прекращено во всех приложениях в сети Flurry.
Собираемые данные: Использование приложение; различные события; Данные об использовании сетевых ресурсов; различные категории Данных, указанные в правилах обеспечения конфиденциальности персональных данных при использовании сервиса.
Место обработки: США
Правила обеспечения конфиденциальности персональных данных
Отказ от участия
Google Analytics for Firebase (Google LLC)
Google Analytics для Firebase или Firebase Analytics - это аналитическая услуга, предоставляемая компанией Google LLC.
Для получения дополнительной информации об использовании данных через Google, пожалуйста, ознакомьтесь с
Партнерской политикой Google
.
Firebase Analytics может обмениваться данными с другими сервисами, предоставляемыми Firebase, среди которых, например, Crash Reporting, Authentication, Remote Config или Notifications. Пользователь может ознакомиться с положениями данной Политики конфиденциальности в целях ознакомления с другими инструментами, используемыми Владельцем.В целях обеспечения функционирования Firebase Analytics, Приложение использует некоторые идентификаторы мобильного оборудования или технологии, схожие с файлами cookie.Пользователь может выразить свой отказ от пользования определенными функциями Firebase в настройках своего мобильного устройства. Например, можно изменить настройки относительно рекламы, доступные в своем телефоне, или следовать инструкциям, применимым к Firebase, приведенным в настоящей Политике конфиденциальности.
Собираемые Персональные данные: Данные об использовании сетевых ресурсов; длительность сеанса; информация об устройстве; количество Пользователей; количество сеансов; местоположение; обновления Приложений; операционные системы; открытия Приложений; первые запуски; покупки в Приложениях; уникальные рекламные идентификаторы устройств (например, Google Advertiser ID или IDFA).
Место обработки: США
Правила обеспечения конфиденциальности персональных данных
Facebook Analytics for Apps (Facebook, Inc.)
Facebook Analytics for Apps – аналитический сервис, предоставляемый компанией Facebook, Inc.
Собираемые данные: Данные об использовании сетевых ресурсов; различные категории Данных, указанные в правилах обеспечения конфиденциальности персональных данных при использовании сервиса.
Место обработки: США
Правила обеспечения конфиденциальности персональных данных
Apple App Store (Apple Inc.)
Приложение распространяется в Apple App Store, платформе для распространения мобильных приложений, предоставляемой компанией Apple Inc.Вследствие распространения через этот магазин приложений компания Apple собирает основные аналитические данные и предоставляет функции генерации отчетов, что позволяет Владельцу просматривать аналитические данные об использовании и оценивать, как работает Приложение.Значительная часть этой информации обрабатывается на основании добровольного согласия. Пользователи могут отказаться от этой аналитической функции непосредственно в настройках своих устройств. С дополнительной информацией о порядке управления настройками анализа можно ознакомиться
на этой странице
.
Место обработки: США
Правила обеспечения конфиденциальности персональных данных.
Google Play Store (Google LLC)
Приложение распространяется в магазине Google Play, платформе для распространения мобильных приложений, предоставляемой компанией Google LLC.Вследствие распространения через этот магазин приложений компания Google собирает данные об использовании и диагностические данные и обменивается обобщенной информацией с Владельцем.Значительная часть этой информации обрабатывается на основании добровольного согласия. Пользователи могут отказаться от этой аналитической функции непосредственно в настройках своих устройств. С дополнительной информацией о порядке управления настройками анализа можно ознакомиться
на этой странице
.
Собираемые Персональные данные: Данные об использовании сетевых ресурсов.
Место обработки: США
Правила обеспечения конфиденциальности персональных данных.
Yandex AppMetrica (ООО Яндекс)
AppMetrica - сервис компании Яндекс для анализа приложений.
              Собираемые данные: Данные об использовании приложения,  сетевых ресурсов; различные категории данных, указанные в политике конфиденциальности и Соглашении об обработке данных (см ссылки ниже).
Место обработки: Российская Федерация или другие юрисдикции (см. Политику конфиденциальности компании Яндекс)
Политика конфиденциальности
Соответствие Генеральному регламенту о защите данных (GDPR)
Соглашение по обработке данных
Сервисы данного типа дают возможность использовать Данные Пользователя в целях направления рекламных сообщений, которые Приложение отображает на своих страницах в виде баннеров и иных рекламных объявлений, по возможности с учетом интересов Пользователя.
Это не означает, что с этой целью используются все Персональные данные.
Информация об использовании и его условиях приводится ниже.
Некоторые из перечисленных ниже услуг и сервисов могут использовать файлы Cookie для идентификации Пользователей или использовать метод поведенческого ретаргетинга, т.е. отображения рекламных объявлений с учетом интересов и действий Пользователя, в том числе тех, которые фиксируются, когда он не использует Приложение. Для получения дополнительной информации следует ознакомиться с правилами обеспечения конфиденциальности персональных данных соответствующих услуг и сервисов.
Помимо любого отказа от участия, предлагаемого любым из нижеперечисленных сервисов, Пользователь может отказаться от использования сторонним сервисом файлов cookie в целях задействования определенных рекламных функций, посетив страницу отказа от участия на сайте
Инициативы по сетевой рекламе
.
Пользователи могут также отказаться от определенных рекламных функций с помощью соответствующих настроек устройства, таких как настройки рекламы для мобильных телефонов или настройки рекламы в целом.
AdMob (Google Ireland Limited)
AdMob – рекламный сервис, предоставляемый компанией Google Ireland Limited.
Для получения дополнительной информации об использовании данных через Google, пожалуйста, ознакомьтесь с Партнерской политикой Google.
Собираемые данные: данные об использовании сетевых ресурсов; уникальные рекламные идентификаторы устройств (например, Google Advertiser ID или IDFA).
Место обработки: Ирландия
Правила обеспечения конфиденциальности персональных данных
Appodeal (Appodeal Inc.)
Appodeal — это сервис для рекламной монетизации приложений, предоставляющий  агрегирующий рекламные объявления других рекламных сетей.
Собираемые данные: данные об использовании сетевых ресурсов; уникальные рекламные идентификаторы устройств (например, Google Advertiser ID или IDFA).
Место обработки: США
Политика конфиденциальности Appodeal
MyTarget (My.com B.V.)
MyTarget -  это сервис для рекламной монетизации приложений компании My.com B.V. (MailRu Group)
Собираемые данные: данные об использовании сетевых ресурсов; уникальные рекламные идентификаторы устройств (например, Google Advertiser ID или IDFA)
Место обработки: Россия
Политика конфиденциальности
Рекламная Сеть Яндекс (ООО «ЯНДЕКС»)
Рекламная сеть компании Яндекс.
Собираемые данные: данные об использовании сетевых ресурсов; уникальные рекламные идентификаторы устройств (например, Google Advertiser ID или IDFA).
Место обработки: Российская Федерация или другие юрисдикции (см. Политику конфиденциальности компании Яндекс)
Политика конфиденциальности
Наши приложения не обрабатывают платежи напрямую.  Мы не собираем и не храним платежную информацию, реквизиты и персональные данные, относящиеся к платежам. Обработка платежей происходит через платежную систему, интегрированную в соответствующий вашей платформе магазин приложений.
Платежи, обрабатываемые через Apple App Store (Apple Inc.)
Приложение использует платежный сервис, предоставляемый компанией Apple Inc., что дает возможность Владельцу предлагать покупку самого приложения или покупки из приложения.Персональные данные, обрабатываемые в целях совершения покупок, обрабатываются компанией Apple, как описано в правилах обеспечения конфиденциальности персональных данных в App Store.
Собираемые Персональные данные: платежные сведения.
Место обработки: США
Правила обеспечения конфиденциальности персональных данных.
Платежи, обрабатываемые через магазин Google Play (Google LLC)
Приложение использует платежный сервис, предоставляемый компанией Google LLC, что дает возможность Владельцу предлагать покупку самого приложения или покупки из приложения.Персональные данные, обрабатываемые в целях совершения покупок, обрабатываются компанией Google, как описано в правилах обеспечения конфиденциальности персональных данных в магазине Google Play.
Собираемые Персональные данные: платежные сведения.
Место обработки: США
Правила обеспечения конфиденциальности персональных данных.
Мы можем предоставить вам доступ к новым, еще неопубликованными версиям  приложений, если вы подключаетесь и участвуете в программе альфа или бета-тестирования.
Поставщик услуг по тестированию может автоматически собирать данные, касающиеся системных сбоев, а также статистические данные о том, каким образом Приложение используется Пользователем, при этом соответствующие данные позволяют установить личность Пользователя
Google Play Beta Testing (Google LLC)
Google Play Beta Testing – это услуга бета-тестирования, предоставляемая компанией Google LLC.
Собираемые Персональные данные: журналы событий устройства; различные категории Данных, указанные в правилах обеспечения конфиденциальности персональных данных при использовании сервиса.
Место обработки: США
Правила обеспечения конфиденциальности персональных данных.
TestFlight (Apple Inc.)
TestFlight – это услуга бета-тестирования, предоставляемая компанией Apple Inc.
Собираемые Персональные данные: Данные об использовании сетевых ресурсов; журналы событий устройства; информация об устройстве; различные категории Данных, указанные в правилах обеспечения конфиденциальности персональных данных при использовании сервиса; страна.
Место обработки: США
Правила обеспечения конфиденциальности персональных данных.
Владелец и контролер данных: ТОО « Lunapp (Лунапп)» Z19Y4G2 г. Астана, ул. Әзілхан
Нұршайықов, 10/1. Контактный адрес электронной почты: support@lunappstudio.com
Владелец оговаривает за собой право в любое время вносить изменения в настоящие правила обеспечения конфиденциальности путём размещения на данной странице уведомления для Пользователей и, возможно, на других страницах, которые включает в себя Приложение, и (или) – насколько это возможно с технической и юридической точек зрения – путём направления уведомления Пользователям с использованием любой контактной информации, доступной Владельцу. Настоятельно рекомендуется часто проверять данную страницу, сверяясь с датой последнего изменения, указанной внизу.
Если изменения затрагивают действия по обработке, выполняемые на основании согласия Пользователя, Владелец должен в случае необходимости получить от Пользователя новое согласие.
Если у вас остались вопросы, вы всегда можете связаться с нами по адресу:
support@lunappstudio.com
Последнее обновление:
15.06.2024
Data
Reason
Age
We may ask your age in order to further manage the advertising and individual app functions depending on it at the first app launch.
App usage data
We collect anonymous app launches data, the sessions frequency and duration, passing levels, making purchases, failures and other events while using the app. Such statistics contribute to the apps improvement, hereby making it more interesting and fun. The events are collected while using one or more of such services including such as AppsFlyer, Facebook Analytics, Flurry, Firebase, Google Analytics, Yandex AppMetrica (see Details).
Unique advertising device identifiers
We use unique Google Advertising ID or IDFA device identifiers to work with ad networks, personalizing the displayed ads. You may disable the ads personalization in your device’s settings. Besides you may disable ad impressions in the app by purchasing the ads disabling in the store (if the app supports ads disabling).
Country and approximate location
We get the country’s name and approximate location, which doesn’t allow us to determine your exact location, to personalize advertising and analytics.
Device data
Your device (manufacturer, model) and operating system (version) data are obtained and used for analytics and technical support of users. They help us to identify crashes and errors on various devices and fix them.
The Internet connection
Determining the network connection presence allows us to download additional resources for the app (for example, new levels), advertising data and send analytical data.
Your name and email address
You provide us with your email address, your name and your device data, the operating system and application data, if contacting our support team via e-mail or support form, available on the website.
A User may provide the data independently or the data collection can be automatically carried out by the App when it is used.
All Data requested by the App is mandatory unless otherwise specified. The App may be unable to provide its services in the event of failure to provide the specified Data. The Users are entitled to refuse from the relevant Data report without any consequences in terms of the Service availability or operation, if the App directly indicates the optional presentation of certain Data.
The Users are responsible for any third parties’ Personal data, which they receive, publish or provide to other parties while using the App and confirm that they have obtained the relevant third party’s consent to provide Data to the Owner.
Your data is stored no more than is required to ensure the app operation and the services it uses.
The mobile app functioning requires multiple different services which help us ensure the app operation. These are application stores, advertising providers, services for analytics, error data collection, etc. They may collect and use your data to ensure work. See the Details section on your data processing to learn more.
The User’s personal data can be used by the Owner in a lawsuit or at the stages leading to a possible appeal to the court due to the fact that the Application or related services were used improperly.
The user declares his awareness that the owner may be forced to provide personal data at the request of public authorities.
Appsflyer (AppsFlyer Ltd)
Appsflyer – is an analytic service, provided by AppsFlyer Ltd.
The data being collected: Application and network resource usage data
Processing place: Israel
Privacy Policy
Flurry Analytics (Flurry, Inc.)
Flurry Analytics is an analytics service, provided by Yahoo! Inc.
The current service’s goal is to collect analytical data on mobile app usage. It allows to collect your phone data, described in the personal data confidentiality ensuring rules in Flurry Analytics service.
Flurry will no longer track the device data with the provided device identifier, if deciding to refuse from. Analytics tracking will be terminated in all applications on Flurry network.
Data being collected: appl use; various events; network resources use data; various Data categories, specified in the personal data confidentiality ensuring rules, when using the current service.
Processing place: USA
Privacy Policy
Refusal from participation.
Google Analytics for Firebase (Google LLC)
Google Analytics для Firebase или Firebase Analytics is the analytical service, provided by Google LLC.
Please refer to
Google Privacy Policy
to learn more about data usage details through Google.
Firebase Analytics may exchange data with other services provided by Firebase, including, for example, Crash Reporting, Authentication, Remote Config or Notifications. The user may look through the current Privacy Policy provisions in order to learn other tools, used by the Owner. The App uses some identifiers of mobile equipment or technology similar to cookies in order to ensure the Firebase Analytics functioning. The user may express his refusal to use certain Firebase functions in your mobile device settings. For example, you may change the advertising settings available on your phone, or follow the instructions applicable to Firebase in this Privacy Policy.
Personal data being collected: network resources usage data; session duration; device data; users number; sessions number; location; application updates; operating systems; opening applications; first launches; purchases in the apps; unique advertising device identifiers (e.g. Google Advertiser ID or IDFA)
Processing place: USA
Privacy Policy
Facebook Analytics for Apps (Facebook, Inc.)
Facebook Analytics for Apps is an analytics service provided by Facebook, Inc.
Data being collected: Data on the use of network resources; various categories of Data specified in the Personal data confidentiality ensuring rules when using the service.
Processing place: USA
Privacy Policy
Apple App Store (Apple Inc.)
The application is distributed in Apple App Store - a platform for distributing mobile applications provided by Apple Inc. As a result of distribution through this application store, Apple collects basic analytical data and provides report generation functions, which allows the Owner to view analytical data on usage and evaluate how the Application works A significant part of this information is processed on the basis of voluntary consent. Users can opt out of this analytic function directly in the settings of their devices. Additional information on how to manage analysis settings can be found on
this page
.
Processing place: USA
Privacy Policy
Google Play Store (Google LLC)
The application is distributed on the Google Play store, a mobile application distribution platform provided by Google LLC. As a result of distribution through this application store, Google collects usage and diagnostic data and exchanges aggregated information with the Owner. A significant part of this information is processed by voluntary consent. Users can opt out of this analytic function directly in the settings of their devices. Additional information on how to manage analysis settings can be found on
this page
.
Personal data collected: network resources usage data.
Processing place: USA
Privacy Policy.
Yandex AppMetrica
AppMetrica - is a Yandex service, intended for apps analysis.
            Data being collected: app usage data, network resources; various data categories, specified in the privacy policy and the Data processing agreement (see links below).
            Processing place: Russian Federation or other jurisdictions (see Yandex privacy policy)
Место обработки: Российская Федерация или другие юрисдикции (см. Политику конфиденциальности компании Яндекс)
Privacy Policy
GDPR compliance
YANDEX.METRICA DATA PROCESSING AGREEMENT (DPA)
The current type services make it possible to use User Data in order to send advertising messages that the Application displays on its pages in the form of banners and other advertisements, if possible taking into account the interests of the User.
This does not mean that all Personal Data is used for this purpose. Information on use and its conditions is provided below.
Some of the following services may use cookies to identify Users or use the behavioral retargeting method, i.e. display advertisements taking into account the interests and actions of the User, including those that are recorded when he does not use the Application. For more information, you should familiarize yourself with the Personal data confidentiality ensuring rules of relevant services.
In addition to any refusal to participate offered by any of the following services, the User may refuse to use cookies by a third-party service in order to use certain advertising functions by visiting the opt-out page on
the website of the Network Advertising Initiative
.
Users may refuse from certain advertising functions while using the appropriate device settings, including advertising settings for mobile phones or advertising settings in general
AdMob (Google Ireland Limited)
AdMob –  is an advertising monetization service for applications, provided by Google Ireland Limited.
Please refer to Google Affiliate Policy for more details on data usage through Google.
Data being collected: network resources use data; unique advertising device identifiers (e.g. Google Advertiser ID or IDFA)
Processing place: Ireland
Privacy Policy
Appodeal (Appodeal Inc.)
Appodeal is an advertising monetization service for applications, providing aggregate advertisements for other ad networks
Data being collected: network resources use data; unique advertising device identifiers (e.g. Google Advertiser ID or IDFA)
Processing place: USA
Privacy Policy
MyTarget (My.com B.V.)
MyTarget is a service for advertising monetization of applications of My.com BV (MailRu Group)
Data being collected: network resources use data; unique advertising device identifiers (e.g. Google Advertiser ID or IDFA).
Место обработки: Россия
Privacy Policy
Yandex Advertising Network
Data being collected: network resources use data; unique advertising device identifiers (e.g. Google Advertiser ID or IDFA)
Processing place: Russian Federation or other jurisdictions (see Yandex privacy policy)
Privacy Policy
Our apps and games don’t process payments directly. We don’t collect or store payment data, details or payments-related personal data. Payment processing takes place through a payment system, integrated into the app store, appropriate for your platform.
Payments processed via Apple App Store (Apple Inc.)
The app uses the payment service, provided by Apple Inc., hereby giving the chance to the Owner to offer the app purchase itself or making purchase in the app. Personal data processed to make purchases are processed by Apple, as described in App Store privacy policy.
Personal data being collected: billing information.
Processing place: USA
Privacy Policy
Payments processed through the Google Play Store (Google LLC)
The application uses the payment service provided by Google LLC, which allows the Owner to offer to purchase the application itself or to purchase from the application. Personal data processed for the purpose of making purchases is processed by Google, as described in the privacy rules for personal data in the Google Play store.
Personal data being collected: billing data.
Processing place: USA
Privacy Policy
We may give you access to new, yet unpublished apps versions, if you connect and participate in an alpha or beta test program.
The testing service provider may automatically collect data regarding system failures, as well as statistical data on the way the App is used by the User, while the relevant data allows you to identify the User.
Google Play Beta Testing (Google LLC)
Google Play Beta Testing is a beta testing service, provided by Google LLC.
Personal data being collected: device event logs; various Data categories, specified in the Personal data confidentiality ensuring rules when using the service.
Processing place: USA
Privacy Policy
TestFlight (Apple Inc.)
TestFlight is a beta test service, provided by Apple Inc.
Personal data being collected: network resources usage data; device event logs, device data; various data categories, specified in the Personal data confidentiality ensuring rules when using the service; the country.
Processing place: USA
TestFlight Terms of Service.
Data owner and controller: Lunapp (Lunapp) LLC, ul. Azilhan Nurshaiykov, 10/1, Astana, Kazakhstan, Z19Y4G2  
        Contact email address: support@lunappstudio.com
The Owner is entitled at any time to amend these privacy rules by posting notifications to Users on this page and, possibly, on other pages that include the Application, and (or) as far as possible from technical and legal points view - by sending a notification to the Users using any contact information available to the Owner. It is strongly recommended that you frequently check this page, checking the date of the last change shown below.
The Owner should, if required, obtain new consent from the User, if the changes affect processing actions performed based on the User’s consent.
If you have any questions, you can always contact us at:
support@lunappstudio.com
Last updated:
11 марта 2020 года
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.appsflyer.com/privacy-policy/:
Platform
Measure
Measurement suite
Measure every action on mobile, web and CTV
ROI measurement
Understand your true mobile marketing ROI
Creative Optimization
Unlock creative performance with the power of AI
Analyze
Marketing analytics
Turn insights on campaign performance into action
Incrementality
Prove the real value of your marketing campaigns
Engage
CX & deep linking
Boost revenue with exceptional customer experience
Audience segmentation
Create meaningful conversations with your customers
Protect
Fraud protection
Protect your marketing budget from mobile ad fraud
Collaborate
Privacy Cloud
Collaborate with your partners in a privacy-centric way
AppsFlyer Data Collaboration Platform
First-party data monetization that fuels retail media growth
Partner marketplace
Connect to over 10,000 tech and media partners
Interactive product tours
iOS 14+ solutions
Data feeds & APIs
Solutions
Team
Marketing
Product
Data & Analytics
R&D
Goal
Regain iOS visibility
Kickstart app growth
Scale user acquisition
Increase engagement & LTV
Maximize ROAS
Industry
Gaming
Shopping
Finance
Food & drink
Health & fitness
Travel
Platform
iOS
Android
PC & console
CTV & OTT
Web
Mobile
Web3
Partnerships
Tech and media partners
Agency partners
Partner Program
Interactive product tours
Customer stories
The AppsFlyer difference
Learn
Resources
Stay informed with industry insights, the latest trends, original content, and all things AppsFlyer
Ecosystem
Blog
Reports & guides
Events & webinars
Tools & templates
Industry benchmarks
Videos
Podcasts
Glossary
Metrics comparison
Customers
Customer stories
Product news
Use cases
Help center
Developer Hub
AppsFlyer Learning
Come to MAMA
Company
Who we are
Find out more about our history, our team, what we stand for, and why we do what we do
About us
Newsroom
CEO blog spot
Trust hub
Careers
Social impact
Contact
From our CEO
The future of our ecosystem and web
On privacy and user experience
Aggregated advanced privacy
Pricing
Login
Sign up free
Contact sales
Legal hub
MSA
Site Terms
Website Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
DPA
Opt Out
Processing Customer Data
Supplier Portal
Subprocessors
Modern Slavery Statement
Documentation
MSA
Site Terms
Website Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
DPA
Opt Out
Processing Customer Data
Supplier Portal
Subprocessors
Modern Slavery Statement
Website Privacy Policy
Last updated May 28, 2024
This Privacy Policy applies to: (i) use of the AppsFlyer owned and operated Websites (appsflyer.com, onelink.me and their subdomains); (ii) our marketing activities including, registrations as part of webinars, conference events, emails etc.; and (iii) any other product or activity that links to, or otherwise references, this privacy policy (collectively, the “Marketing Platforms“). We respect your privacy rights and value your trust. This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, receive, use, store, share, transfer, and process your personal information, as well as your rights in determining what we do with the information that we collect or hold about you.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to information collected through use by customers of the AppsFlyer service, which is described under our
Services Privacy Policy
.
Information We Collect
When using or interacting with our Marketing Platforms, we may collect or receive the following types of information (collectively, “Information”).
“Personal Information” such as name, email, contact details or any other personal content that you provide to us whether through a form or field on our website or any other communication (e.g. email, phone, post etc.).
“Technical Information” such as browser type, operating system, device type, IP address and other similar technical information typically received from a browser or device automatically when visiting or interacting with our Marketing Platforms. This may include the referring URL that led you to our website.
“Usage Information” such as the pages you visited on our website, where you clicked, searches performed on our website and other similar information related to how you have used our website. It may also include information related to whether you receive, opened or clicked on any links in an email sent to you.
We understand that certain Technical information or Usage Information may, either alone or when combined with other data, be deemed personal data under various laws and jurisdictions and we are committed to treating such data in compliance with applicable laws.
The Methods We Use to Collect and Receive Information
Depending on the type of Information, we may collect or receive Information in the following ways:
When you voluntarily share Information with us. For example, when you register to one of our events, request that we contact you through our online forms, submit your CV, or when you request to receive certain content that we may make available (e.g. research and white papers).
Through use of cookies and other similar technologies (e.g. HTML5 Local Storage, LSO, web beacons, JavaScript, etc.). These technologies help us to analyze how our Marketing Platforms are used and to tailor content that is relevant to you. It also helps us to deliver more relevant advertisements to you on our own or third party sites. For more information on such technologies, including how to manage your cookie preferences please see our
Cookie Policy
.
Information obtained from third party sources. This includes Information received through the various business support tools and services that we use (e.g. marketing platforms, analytics services etc.) and public sources such as social media sites. We may combine the Information received through these sources with other Information we have in order to ensure our records are up to date and so that we are able to provide you with relevant content.
You have choices in how we collect and use Information. See the “
Your Choices
” section below for more information.
The Purposes
We use Information for the following purposes:
To process your inquiries and to respond to your requests. For example, when you contact us to learn more about our products or services or when you request to receive certain materials from us (e.g. white papers, research papers, product and services information). Additionally, if you submit your CV to us, we use it to evaluate your candidacy (including by assessing your qualifications and skills).
To send you information related to our services and products that we believe may interest you, such as newsletters or product and service updates. Such communications will be sent to you when you have chosen to receive such communication or when we have a legitimate interest to market our products and services. In any event, you will always be able to opt-out of receiving such communications. Opting out may be done either directly in the communication received or through the ways described in the instructions in the “
Your Choices
” section below.
To understand how you have used our Marketing Platforms and to customize them in accordance with your interests and past actions and choices. We do this based on our legitimate interest to operate our Marketing Platforms, diagnose any problems with the Marketing Platforms and to improve the Marketing Platforms and your experience when navigating through them.
In our legitimate interest to prevent fraud or harm to us or to any third party, and ensure the security of our network and services.
Where it is necessary for AppsFlyer to comply with its legal obligations and to exercise and enforce its legal rights.
We may use certain third-party marketing and advertising networks to help us market our products on our own website and on third party websites (e.g. remarketing ads across the Internet by Google).
Who We Share Information With
In order to conduct our business and operate our Marketing Platforms, we may share Information with various third parties, such as:
Our subsidiary companies and global branches.
Third parties that help us operate our Marketing Platforms (e.g. hosting company, recruitment platforms and agencies, payment processors, business management and email distribution service providers and other similar service providers). These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us.
When required by law, such as to comply with court orders, search warrants, regulatory orders, subpoenas, and other lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements;
Legal authorities, consultants, advisors or service providers when required to investigate, respond to, or prevent, fraud; or when required to ensure the security of our network and services and protect the safety of AppsFlyer or the public.
As part of any merger or acquisition of AppsFlyer, Information may be transferred to the merging or acquiring company, as well as to any advisors representing a party during discussions of such merger or acquisition.
AppsFlyer resellers, agents, partners or service providers acting on our behalf in connection with the offering of AppsFlyer’s products or services.
Third-party marketing and advertising networks to help us market our products on our own website and on third party websites (e.g. remarketing ads across the Internet by Google).
Without derogating from the foregoing, AppsFlyer may publish general aggregate and unidentifiable information (e.g. statistical information) relating to use of its Marketing Platforms.
Cross Border Data Transfers and Mechanisms
We may need to transfer Information to countries where we and/or our service providers operate. Such countries may be different from the country in which the data originated and where data protection laws may not be equivalent to, or offer the same protection as, those in your country. By using our Marketing Platforms, you agree to any such transfers. In any event, where appropriate given the nature of services, we will put in place agreements with our service providers to ensure a level of privacy consistent with the terms of this policy.
With regards to the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Economic Area to the United States, please be assured that AppsFlyer continues to comply with all applicable laws in respect of such transfers and any data transfers to the United States will be governed by the Standard Contractual Clauses as set forth in our DPA with the relevant service provider.
AppsFlyer Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. AppsFlyer Inc. has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, as well as to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the DPF Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view AppsFlyer’s certification, please visit
Data Privacy Framework website
.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over AppsFlyer Inc.’s compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, and in case of onward transfer of data to third parties, AppsFlyer maintains liability.
In compliance with the DPF Principles, AppsFlyer is committed to resolving any complaints arising regarding our processing of your personal data. You may direct your queries to privacy@appsflyer.com and, in compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, we are committed to referring unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the DPF to Truste, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://trustarc.com/dispute-resolution/
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of Truste are provided at no cost to you and allow for binding arbitration.
Protecting Your Information
We strive to meet the highest standards of security measures across our business units. We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational measures based on industry-leading standards. Such measures are designed to protect against unauthorized access or unlawful processing of Personal Information and against accidental loss, destruction or damage of Personal Information. As part of such measures, we have established various policies and procedures that guide us, including in respect of asset management, access management, physical security, people security, product security, cloud and network infrastructure security, third-party security, vulnerability management, security monitoring, and incident response.
Information Storage and Retention
We may store Information on our own servers as well as those operated by third party data hosting providers. As specified in Section 5 above (Cross Border Transfers), such servers may be located worldwide. We will only retain your Personal Information for as long as necessary to pursue the purpose of the collection. We may also retain your Personal Information for such time needed to pursue our legitimate business interests, in connection with any legal claims and compliance with legal obligations. When we use your information for direct marketing purposes, we will retain your data until you opt-out from receiving the marketing materials; provided that we will need to retain certain information to maintain a record of your request.
Modifications to This Policy
AppsFlyer may amend this Privacy Policy at any time, provided that in the event of a material change we shall provide notice on this page and/or a note near the link to this page. The updates shall apply immediately for new Information collected or provided as of the day of the update and following thirty (30) days for any Information collected or provided to AppsFlyer prior to the update date. If you do not agree to the terms of the new policy you are requested to contact the Legal Department using the contact details listed in Section 11 below. We encourage you to periodically review this page for any updates.
Your Choices
We provide you with various choices on how we may use Information in connection with: (i) our marketing activities; and (ii) our use of cookies and similar technologies to serve your interest-based advertisements and to analyze usage of our Marketing Platforms.
You may choose to stop receiving our newsletter or marketing emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in these emails, accessing the email preferences in your account settings page, or you can contact us at
https://www.appsflyer.com/company/contact/
. You can manage your preferences related to our use of cookies and similar technologies that we use, among other things, to provide you with targeted interest-based advertisements and to analyze your use of our Marketing Platforms – please see our
Cookie Policy
for instructions. Additionally, certain advertisers (including Google) we work with may be members of NAI and/or the Digital Advertising Alliance. You may opt-out from such advertisers’ services here or at the following link:
https://youradchoices.com/
In addition, the laws of some jurisdictions may provide you with various rights in connection with our processing of certain Information. Such rights may include:
The right to withdraw any previously provided consent;
The right to access certain information about you that we process;
The right to have us correct or update any Personal Information;
The right to have certain Information erased;
The right to have us temporarily block our processing of certain Information;
The right to have Information exported into common machine-readable format;
The right to object to our processing of Information in cases of direct marketing, or when we rely on legitimate interests as our lawful basis to process your information; and
The right to lodge a complaint with the appropriate data protection authority.
We will respond to your requests within a reasonable timeframe. Please note these rights may be limited in certain circumstances as provided by applicable law. For any additional information regarding such rights or to exercise any such rights please contact AppsFlyer at: privacy@appsflyer.com
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
.
Social Media and Third Party Services
Our website may offer a blog with ‘comments’ section and various social media features, such as a ‘share’ button or links to third party websites and services, including Twitter, LinkedIn, Google+ and Facebook. When using any such features, certain information may be collected by such third parties, including your IP address or which page you are visiting on our website, and such third parties may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Any data collected by such third parties is governed by such third party’s privacy policy. You are encouraged to carefully review such third party privacy policies.
Children’s Privacy
AppsFlyer does not knowingly collect or process personal data from or with respect to children under the age of 16, and you must be 16 years of age or older in order to establish an account for AppsFlyer’s Services. If you are a parent or legal guardian and believe that your child under the age of 16 has submitted his or her personal data or other data without your consent, permission, or authorization – please let us know immediately, and we will promptly act to remove your child’s data from our database, cease the use of such data and inform any other party we suspect to have access to such data to do the same.
California Privacy Rights
We may collect personal information about California residents who are afforded additional rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act, Cal. Civ. Code §§ 1798.100 et seq. (the “CCPA“). If you are a California resident, you can see more details about the types of personal information we have collected from you in the past 12 months and may collect from you in Section 1 above (
Information We Collect
) and how we collect such personal information in Section 2 above (
The Methods We Use to Collect and Receive Information
). The purposes for which we collect your personal information are further described in Section 3 above (
The Purpose
). We do not share your personal information with any third party except as further described in Section 4 above (
Who We Share Information With
). Please refer to the other terms of this Privacy Policy to see further rights afforded to you and how we use your personal information.
We do not “Sell” (as defined in the CCPA) your personal information which we have collected or may collect and in the event we will Sell your personal information, we will notify you by updating this Privacy Policy in accordance with Section 8 above (
Modifications to this Policy
) and we will provide you with the option of opting out of such “sale”.
You, as a California resident, have certain rights regarding your personal information pursuant to the CCPA, subject to certain restrictions under applicable laws, including the rights to access your personal information, to delete your personal information, and to opt out of the “sale” of your personal data. You may request any of these by contacting us via email at
privacy@appsflyer.com
or by physical mail to: AppsFlyer Ltd. (Attn: Legal Dept.) 14 Maskit St., Herzliya, Israel. Upon your request, we will verify that you are the person making this request and in order to do so, we may request identification documents from you.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions or concerns about this Website Privacy Policy, the information we collect, the practices of AppsFlyer, or your dealings with the Marketing Platforms, please contact us or our Data Protection Officer by sending an email to:
privacy@appsflyer.com
or by physical mail to: AppsFlyer Ltd. (Attn: Legal Dept.) 14 Maskit St., Herzliya, Israel. For the purposes of Article 27 of the General Data Protection Regulation, the representative within the EU of AppsFlyer is AppsFlyer Germany Schönhauser Allee 180, 10119 Berlin, Germany (contact
privacy@appsflyer.com
; +49 30 166373500).
Sub-policy 1
https://info.yahoo.com/privacy/:
We, Yahoo, are part of the
Yahoo family of brands
The sites and apps that we own and operate, including Yahoo and AOL, and our digital advertising service, Yahoo Advertising.
Yahoo
family of brands.
When you use our sites and apps, we use
Cookies
Cookies (including similar technologies such as web storage) allow the operators of websites and apps to store and read information from your device. Learn more in our
cookie policy
.
cookies
to:
provide our sites and apps to you
authenticate users, apply security measures, and prevent spam and abuse, and
measure your use of our sites and apps
If you click '
Accept all
', we and
our partners
, including 239 who are part of the IAB Transparency & Consent Framework, will also store and/or access information on a device (in other words, use cookies) and use precise geolocation data and other personal data such as IP address and browsing and search data, for personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, and audience research and services development.
If you do not want us and our partners to use cookies and personal data for these additional purposes, click '
Reject all
'.
If you would like to customise your choices, click '
Manage privacy settings
'.
You can withdraw your consent or change your choices at any time by clicking on the 'Privacy & cookie settings' or 'Privacy dashboard' links on our sites and apps. Find out more about how we use your personal data in our
privacy policy
and
cookie policy
.
Accept all
Reject all
Manage privacy settings
Go to end
Sub-policy 2
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites?hl=en:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Many websites and apps use Google services to improve their content and keep it free. When they integrate our services, these sites and apps share information with Google.
For example, when you visit a website that uses advertising services like AdSense, including analytics tools like Google Analytics, or embeds video content from YouTube, your web browser automatically sends certain information to Google. This includes the URL of the page you’re visiting and your IP address. We may use the IP address, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also
set cookies on your browser
or read cookies that are already there. Apps that use Google advertising services also share information with Google, such as the name of the app and a unique identifier for advertising.
Google uses the information shared by sites and apps to deliver our services, maintain and improve them, develop new services, measure the effectiveness of advertising, protect against fraud and abuse, and personalize content and ads you see on Google and on our partners’ sites and apps. See our
Privacy Policy
to learn more about how we process data for each of these purposes and our
Advertising
page for more about Google ads, how your information is used in the context of advertising, and how long Google stores this information.
Our
Privacy Policy
explains the legal grounds Google relies upon to process your information — for example, we may process your information with your consent or to pursue legitimate interests such as providing, maintaining and improving our services to meet the needs of our users.
Sometimes, when processing information shared with us by sites and apps, those sites and apps will ask for your consent before allowing Google to process your information. For example, a banner may appear on a site asking for consent for Google to process the information that site collects. When that happens, we will respect the purposes described in the consent you give to the site or app, rather than the legal grounds described in the Google Privacy Policy. If you want to change or withdraw your consent, you should visit the site or app in question to do so.
Ad personalization
If ad personalization is turned on, Google will use your information to make your ads more useful for you. For example, a website that sells mountain bikes might use Google's ad services. After you visit that site, you could see an ad for mountain bikes on a different site that shows ads served by Google.
If ad personalization is off, Google will not collect or use your information to create an ad profile or personalize the ads Google shows to you. You will still see ads, but they may not be as useful. Ads may still be based on the topic of the website or app you're looking at, your current search terms, or on your general location, but not on your interests, search history, or browsing history. Your information can still be used for the other purposes mentioned above, such as to measure the effectiveness of advertising and protect against fraud and abuse.
When you interact with a website or app that uses Google services, you may be asked to choose whether you want to see personalized ads from ad providers, including Google. Regardless of your choice, Google will not personalize the ads you see if your ad personalization setting is off or your account is ineligible for personalized ads.
You can see and control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your
ad settings
.
How you can control the information collected by Google on these sites and apps
Here are some of the ways you can control the information that is shared by your device when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services:
Ad Settings
helps you control ads you see on Google services (such as Google Search or YouTube), or on non-Google websites and apps that use Google ad services. You can also
learn how
ads are personalized, opt out of ad personalization, and block specific advertisers.
If you are signed in to your Google Account, and depending on your Account settings,
My Activity
allows you to review and control data that’s created when you use Google services, including the information we collect from the sites and apps you have visited. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Many websites and apps use Google Analytics to understand how visitors engage with their sites or apps. If you don’t want Analytics to be used in your browser, you can
install the Google Analytics browser add-on
. Learn more about
Google Analytics and privacy
.
Incognito mode in Chrome
allows you to browse the web without recording webpages and files in your browser or Account history (unless you choose to sign in). Cookies are deleted after you've closed all of your incognito windows and tabs, and your bookmarks and settings are stored until you delete them. Learn more about
cookies
. Using Incognito mode in Chrome or other private browsing modes does not prevent the collection of data when you visit websites that use Google services, and Google may still collect data when you visit websites using these browsers.
Many browsers, including Chrome, allow you to block third-party cookies. You can also clear any existing cookies from within your browser. Learn more about
managing cookies in Chrome
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 3
https://policies.google.com/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 4
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/:
Privacy Center home
Search
Privacy topics
More privacy resources
Privacy Policy
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
What information do we collect?
How do we use your information?
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
How do we share information with third parties?
How do the Meta Companies work together?
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
How long do we keep your information?
How do we transfer information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
How will you know the Policy has changed?
How to contact Meta with questions
Legal basis information
Other policies and articles
Settings
Privacy Policy
How we use info for AI at Meta
Based on feedback from regulators, we’re still delaying our plans to use your information from Meta Products to develop and improve
AI at Meta
. We’ll let you know before we start using this information for this purpose, and how you can exercise your right to object.
Other updates
We're updating our Privacy Policy. The updates go into effect on April 7, 2025.
Read the new policy.
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
Effective November 14, 2024
|
View printable version
|
See previous versions
Highlights
We at Meta want you to understand what information we collect, and how we use and share it. That’s why we encourage you to read our Privacy Policy. This helps you use
Meta Products
in the way that’s right for you.
In the Privacy Policy, we explain how we collect, use, share, retain and transfer information. We also let you know your rights. Each section of this Policy includes helpful examples and simpler language to make our practices easier to understand. We’ve also added links to resources where you can learn more about the privacy topics that interest you.
It's important to us that you know how to control your privacy, so we also show you where you can manage your information in the settings of the Meta Products you use. You can
update these settings
to shape your experience.
Read the full Policy below.
What Products does this Policy cover?
Learn more in Privacy Center about managing your privacy
What information do we collect?
Highlights
The information we collect and process about you depends on how you use our
Products
. For example, we collect different information if you sell furniture on Marketplace than if you post a reel on Instagram. When you use our Products, we collect some information about you
even if you don't have an account
.
Here's the information we collect:
Your activity and information you provide
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
Information from partners, vendors and other third parties
What if you don’t let us collect certain information?
Some information is required for our Products to work. Other information is optional, but without it, the quality of your experience might be affected.
Learn more
What if the information we collect doesn’t identify individuals?
In some cases information is de-identified, aggregated, or anonymized by third parties so that it no longer identifies individuals before it’s made available to us. We use this information as described below without trying to re-identify individuals.
Take control
Manage the information we collect about you
Privacy Center
How do we use your information?
Highlights
We use
information we collect
to provide a personalized experience to you, including ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products), along with the other purposes we explain in detail below.
For some of these purposes, we use information
across our Products
from the accounts you choose to add to your Accounts Center, and
across your devices
. The information we use for these purposes is automatically processed by our systems. But in some cases, we also use
manual review
to access and review your information.
To use less information that’s connected to individual users, in some cases we de-identify or aggregate information or anonymize it so that it no longer identifies you. We use this information in the same ways we use your information as described in this section.
Here are the ways we use your information:
To provide, personalize and improve our Products
We use information we have to provide and improve our
Products
. This includes personalizing features, content and
recommendations
, such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
, Stories and ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products). We use
information with special protections
you choose to provide for these purposes, but not to show you ads.
Read more about how we use information to provide, personalize and improve our Products:
How we show ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
How we use information to improve our Products
How we use location-related information
To promote safety, security and integrity
We use information we collect to help protect people from harm and provide safe, secure Products.
Learn more
To provide measurement, analytics and business services
Lots of people rely on our Products to run or promote their businesses or share content. We help them measure how well their ads and other content, products and services are working.
Learn more
To communicate with you
We communicate with you using information you've given us, like contact information you've entered on your profile.
Learn more
To research and innovate for social good
We use information we have, information from researchers and datasets from publicly available sources, professional groups and non-profit groups to conduct and support research.
Learn more
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
Highlights
On Meta Products
Learn more about the different cases when your information can be shared on our
Products
:
People and accounts you share and communicate with
Content others share or reshare about you
Public content
With integrated partners
You can choose to connect with
integrated partners
who use our Products. If you do, these integrated partners receive information about you and your activity.
These integrated partners can always access information that’s public on our Products. Learn more about other information they receive and how they handle your information:
When you use an integrated partner’s product or service
When you interact with someone else’s content on an integrated partner’s product or service
How integrated partners handle your information
Take control
Learn more about audiences
Privacy Center
Manage apps and websites
How do we share information with third parties?
Highlights
We don't sell any of your information to anyone, and we never will. We also require
partners
and other
third parties
to follow rules about how they can and cannot use and disclose the information we provide.
Here’s more detail about who we share information with:
Partners
Advertisers and Audience Network publishers (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
Partners who use our analytics services
Partners who offer goods or services on our Products and commerce services platforms
Integrated partners
Vendors
Measurement vendors
Marketing vendors
Service providers
Service providers
Third parties
External researchers
AI integrations
Other third parties
We also share information with other
third parties
in response to legal requests, to comply with applicable law or to prevent harm.
Read the Policy
.
And if we sell or transfer all or part of our business to someone else, in some cases we’ll give the new owner your information as part of that transaction, but only as the law allows.
How do the Meta Companies work together?
Highlights
We are part of the
Meta Companies
that provide Meta Company Products.
Meta Company Products
include all the
Meta Products
covered by this Policy, plus other products like WhatsApp and more.
We share information we collect, infrastructure, systems and technology with the other Meta Companies.
Learn more
about how we transfer information to other countries.
We also process information that we receive about you from other Meta Companies, according to their terms and policies and as permitted by applicable law. In some cases, Meta acts as a
service provider
for other Meta Companies. We act on their behalf and in accordance with their instructions and terms.
Why we share across the Meta Companies
Meta Products share information with other Meta Companies:
To promote safety, security and integrity and comply with applicable laws
To provide optional features and integrations
To understand how people use and interact with Meta Company Products
See some examples
of why we share.
More resources
Review the privacy policies of the other Meta Companies
Facebook Help Center
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
Highlights
Under applicable data protection law, companies must have a legal basis to process personal data. When we talk about "processing personal data," we mean the ways we collect, use and share your information, as we described in the other sections of this Policy above.
What is our legal basis?
You have the following rights under GDPR and other relevant data protection laws:
Access and correct information
Withdraw consent
Port your information
Download your information
Erase information
Object
Make a complaint
How long do we keep your information?
Highlights
We keep information as long as we need it to provide our Products, comply with legal obligations or protect our or other’s interests. We decide how long we need information on a case-by-case basis. Here’s what we consider when we decide:
If we need it to operate or provide our Products. For example, we need to keep some of your information to maintain your account.
Learn more
.
The feature we use it for, and how that feature works. For example, messages sent using Messenger’s vanish mode are retained for less time than regular messages.
Learn more
.
How long we need to retain the information to comply with certain legal obligations.
See some examples
.
If we need it for other legitimate purposes, such as to prevent harm; investigate possible violations of our terms or policies; promote safety, security and integrity; or protect ourselves, including our rights, property or products
In some instances and for specific reasons, we’ll keep information for an extended period of time.
Read our Policy
about when we may preserve your information.
How do we transfer information?
Highlights
Why is information transferred to other countries?
Where is information transferred?
How do we safeguard your information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
Highlights
We access, preserve, use and share your information:
In response to legal requests, like search warrants, court orders, production orders or subpoenas. These requests come from
third parties
such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
Learn more
about when we respond to legal requests.
In accordance with applicable law
To promote the safety, security and integrity of
Meta Products
, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
.
We may access or preserve your information for an extended amount of time.
Learn more
.
How will you know the Policy has changed?
We'll notify you before we make material changes to this Policy. You’ll have the opportunity to review the revised Policy before you choose to continue using our Products.
How to contact Meta with questions
You can learn more about how privacy works on
Facebook
and on
Instagram
, and in the
Facebook Help Center
. If you have questions about this Policy, or have questions, complaints or requests regarding your information, you can contact us as described below.
The data controller responsible for your information is Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, which you can
contact online
, or by mail at:
Meta Platforms Ireland Limited
ATTN: Privacy Operations
Merrion Road
Dublin 4
D04 X2K5, Ireland
Contact the Data Protection Officer
for Meta Platforms Ireland Limited.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with Meta Platforms Ireland's lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission, or your local supervisory authority.
Legal basis information
Consent
We process information as described below when you have given us your consent to do so, which we may ask through in-product experiences, to enable particular features, or to enable device-based settings. The categories of information we use and why and how they are processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Processing information with special protections that you provide so we can share it with those you choose, to provide, personalise and improve our Products and to undertake analytics.  We’ll collect, store, publish and apply automated, or sometimes manual, processing for these purposes.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Any information with special protections that you choose to provide, such as your religious views, your sexual orientation, political views, health, racial or ethnic origin, philosophical beliefs or trade union membership, or as part of surveys you choose to participate in, and where you have given your explicit consent
Personalizing ads on the Meta Products:
If we show you ads on Meta Products, including Meta Audience Network, depending on your
settings
, we will use your information across the account(s) in your Accounts Centre to show you ads, including using cookies, to personalize your ads and measure how those ads perform.
If we show you ads on Meta Products, our ads system automatically processes information that we've collected and stored associated with you. In accordance with your Ad settings, our ads system uses this information to understand your interests and your preferences and personalize your ads across the Meta Products.
Learn more
about your Ad settings.
Our ads system prioritizes what ad to show you based on what audience advertisers want to reach. Then we match the ad to people who might be interested.
Learn more
about how our ads system works.
Learn more
about how we choose the ads that you see.
You can change your choice at any time in your “Ad Preferences”.
Your activity and information that you provide
:
Content that you create, such as posts, comments or audio
Content that you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content, including ads, that you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features that you use and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions that you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you're doing on your device, such as whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users'
Device signals
Information that you've shared through your device settings (e.g. GPS location)
Information about the network that you connect your device to
Location-related  information
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Using information from partners, vendors and other third parties to tailor the ads you see: If we show you ads on Meta Products, with your consent we’ll use information that partners, vendors and other third parties provide us about activity off the Meta Products and that we have associated with you to personalize ads that we show you on the Meta Products, and on websites, apps and devices that use our advertising services. We receive this information whether or not you’re logged in or have an account on our Products, see the
Cookies Policy
for more information.
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request when you use some of our Products. For example, when you direct us we share your email address or other information that you might choose to share with an advertiser so that they can contact you with additional information about a promoted product. The type of third party and categories of information shared depend on the circumstances of what you ask us to share.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like your contact, profile or other information, like posts or comments
Collecting information that you allow us to receive through the device-based settings you enable (such as access to your GPS location, camera or photos) which we use to provide the features or services described when you enable the setting.
App, browser and device information
:
Information from device settings
Verifying your identity or account, or helping to protect against suspicious activity including impersonation and identity misuse, using face analysis which may include facial recognition technology if you select it.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Your account information, profile photo, or
your photo or video selfie, if you choose to provide it
When we process information that you provide to us based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. You also have the right to port that information you provide to us based on your consent. To exercise your rights, visit your device-based settings, and visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings and our Help Centers.
Performance of a contract
For all people who have the legal capacity to enter into an enforceable contract (for example, by being the age of majority or above in their country of residence), we process information as necessary to conclude and perform our contracts with you (the
Meta Terms
and
Instagram Terms
, the
Supplemental Meta Platforms Technologies Terms of Service
, the
Supplemental Portal Terms of Service
, the
Meta AI Terms of Service
and the
Supplemental Meta View Terms of Service
, together, the “terms"). The purposes for which we process information for our contracts, the categories of information we use and how information is processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Personalising the Meta Products (other than ads): Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories); and
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, and in some instances not only automated processing but also manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features,
Undertake analytics, and
Facilitate your purchases and payments on Meta Pay or other Meta checkout experiences.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts, identity and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the
Oversight Board
,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review and, in some cases, remove content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To communicate with you: We use information you’ve given us (like contact information on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
We’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your e-mail address to respond when you contact us.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Transferring, storing or processing your information globally. We share information we collect globally, both internally across our offices and data centers and externally with our partners, third parties and service providers. Because Meta is global, with users, partners and employees around the world, transfers are necessary to:
Operate and provide the services described in the terms that apply to the Meta Product(s) you are using. This includes allowing you to share information and connect with your family and friends around the globe; and
So we can fix, analyze and improve our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
We'll use the information we have to provide these services; if you choose not to provide certain information (other than limited account information which is necessary to create a
Facebook account
or an
Instagram account
), your experience using the Meta Products may be affected. For example, you may see less relevant recommendations on the Products, or your use of the Products may be restricted.
When we process information that you provide to us as necessary for concluding or performing our contracts with you, you have the right to port it under the GDPR. To exercise your rights, visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings, or learn more in our Help Centers.
Compliance with a legal obligation
The categories of information we use, why we process your information based on compliance with a legal obligation and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
For processing information when the law requires it: Where we are under an obligation to disclose information such as, for example, if we receive a valid legal request for certain information (such as an Irish search warrant), we will access, preserve and / or share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others.
The way in which the information will be processed depends on the specific circumstances, see
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and integrity?
for more.
Information for Law Enforcement Authorities
provides information on the operational guidelines law enforcement needs to follow.
Examples of Irish and EU laws enforceable in Ireland that could give rise to an obligation requiring us to process the information we hold about you are:
Civil and commercial matters: where we are in receipt of a court order or otherwise required to disclose information for the purposes of court proceedings, such as under Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters.
Criminal matters: to comply with requests from Irish law enforcement to provide information in relation to an investigation, such as under Section 10 of the Criminal Justice (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1997 as amended by 6(1)(a) of the Criminal Justice Act 2006, or to take steps to report information to law enforcement where required.
Consumer matters: to comply with our obligations under consumer law such as the Competition and Consumer Protection Act 2014.
Corporate and taxation matters: to comply with our obligations such as the Companies Act 2014.
Regulatory matters: to comply with our obligations to engage with regulators, such as the Data Protection Commission under the General Data Protection Regulation and the Data Protection Act 2018.
Financial matters: to comply with our obligations under applicable financial services law such as the European Union (Payment Services) Regulations 2018
View the
current list of laws
which are enforceable in Ireland that give rise to a legal obligation for Meta which results in the processing of information. New laws may be enacted or other obligations may become binding on our processing of your information which may require us to process your information and we will update this list from time to time.
The categories of information depend on the specific circumstances of each mandatory request or obligation. Only the information necessary to comply with the relevant legal obligation will be processed. For example, for civil matters, this will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information). However, depending on the circumstances it could include the following:
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Legitimate interests
We rely on our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third party, where they are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms ("legitimate interests"). The categories of information we use, the legitimate interests relied on and why and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Legitimate interests relied on
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
If you are a registered user of the Meta Products
For people under the age of majority (under 18, in most applicable countries) who have a limited ability to enter into an enforceable contract only, where we may be unable to process your information on the grounds of contractual necessity.
Personalising the Meta Products: Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
News Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories),
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Learn more
about how we use information about you to personalise your experience on and across Meta Products and how we choose the ads that you see.
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
(other than using partner data to tailor ads to you)
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, automated processing, and in some instances manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide advertising products,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features, and
Undertake analytics.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To enable people under the age of majority to use and connect to the Meta Products in an easy and intuitive manner.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public profile information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the Oversight Board,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review, and in some cases remove, content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on the Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
To secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, and to protect the safety of people under the age of majority, including to prevent exploitation or other harms to which such individuals may be particularly vulnerable.
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating with you:
We use information you have given us (like contact information you’ve entered on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
we’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your email address to respond to you when you contact us.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
For all people, including those under the age of majority
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and how their content is performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help users, businesses, and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their content, websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realise using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our other partners; and
In the interests of developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
If we show you ads on Meta Products:
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, advertisers and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, advertisers and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's ads, content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and ads, and how their content and ads are performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help businesses, advertisers and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, advertisers, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realize using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our advertisers and other partners; and
In the interests of advertisers, developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content and advertising on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating, engaging and sharing across the Meta Company Products:
To provide a seamless, consistent and richer, innovative, experience across the Meta Company Products and to enable cross app interactions, sharing, viewing and engaging with content, including posts and videos.
In our interest to provide seamless, consistent and richer, innovative communication, engagement and sharing experiences across Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Business intelligence and analytics:
To understand, in aggregate, your usage of and across our Products, to accurately count people and businesses; and
Validate metrics directly related to these, in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to adhere to (shareholder/earning) reporting obligations.
In our interest to measure the use of our Products and count the people who interact with our Products in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to enable provision of accurate and reliable reporting.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Location-related information
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you:
Depending on your settings, we’ll share marketing communications with you.
We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide, including your contact information like e-mail address
App, browser and device information
:
Device identifiers
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from researchers we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
For example, we analyse information that we have about migration patterns during crises. This helps relief organizations get aid to the right places.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation of information as well as manual (human) review, and share information, as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programmes.
In our interest and those of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Anonymising your information
In some cases, we anonymise information we have about you, such as your activity on and off our Products, and use the resulting information, for example, to provide and improve our Meta Products, including ads.
In our interest to fund our provision of the Meta Products, provide relevant advertising to users, and improve ads delivery and Meta Products;
In the interests of advertisers to help them to reach relevant audiences who may be interested in their information, products or services;
In the interests of users that Meta practice data minimisation and privacy by design in respect of their information
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to legal requests.
See
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promote safety, integrity and security in limited circumstances outside of the performance of our contracts with you:
Our Meta Products are delivered to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We apply automated processing, as well as manual (human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request:
You may choose to share your contact information, profile information and other data with our partners: The types of partners with whom information is shared depends on the features of our service that you use and the manner in which you choose to use them. For example, you may choose to share your email address, birthday, friends list, hometown or other information with a partner if you choose to connect your Facebook account to their app.
To deliver  quality experiences to users who use our partners’ apps, in our best interest and in the interest of our users.
To facilitate and improve users' experiences in their apps, in the interests of our partners who want to facilitate and improve consumers' experiences in their apps.
Information you provide (for example, your email address, birthday, friends’ list and hometown).
If you are using a device we cannot associate with a registered user of the Meta Products
Promote safety, integrity and security:
Our Meta Products are delivered in a manner to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We collect and store information we have for this purpose and apply automated processing and manual (i.e. human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and research and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users generally and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you: We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail address.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide including your contact information like your e-mail address
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from research partners we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programs.
In our interest and in the interest of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to
legal requests
.
See '
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
' for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Provide and improve our Products:
We use information we collect to:
Provide products and curate features
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To improve the Meta Company Products in a consistent manner, to correct technical glitches, and to optimise functionality.
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary to pursue our legitimate interests or those of a third party, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, such processing; to exercise your right, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings.
We will consider several factors when assessing an objection, including: our users' reasonable expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort. Unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons, your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
If you are under the age of majority in your country and there is no enforceable contract in place, we will take particular account of the fact that you are below the age of majority when conducting our assessment of our legitimate interests and the balancing  of your interests and rights. We provide specific protections for people below the age of majority to ensure that they are aware of the risks, consequences, safeguards and rights associated with the processing of their information.
Tasks carried out in the public interest
The purposes for which we anticipate processing your information as a task in the public interest, the processing we undertake, and the information we use is set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Undertaking research for social good:  We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to undertake research and other tasks in the public interest, such as sharing relevant research data with third parties like international organisations and academics both in and outside the EEA. The public interest is required to be laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Articles 168 and 179 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To promote safety, integrity and security: In limited fact specific circumstances, we will access, preserve and share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others where necessary to perform a task in the public interest. For example, we might share information with others for the purposes of combatting unlawful or harmful behaviour where it is in the public interest to do so and where the public interest is laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Section 53 of the Data Protection Act 2018 and Regulation (EU) 2021/1232.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from Partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary for a task carried out in the public interest, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, our processing. To exercise your rights, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings. In assessing an objection, we will consider several factors, including: our users' reasonable user expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort.
Your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information, unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
Protection of your vital interests or that of another person
The categories of information we use, why we process your information to protect your vital interests or those of another person and how it’s processed are set out below
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Protecting the vital interests of you and/or those of another person: We apply automated processing techniques, conduct manual (human) review and share information, including with law enforcement and others, in circumstances where someone’s vital interests require protection, such as in the case of emergencies. These vital interests include protection of your life, physical or mental health, wellbeing or integrity or that of others, and detecting, removing, and reporting illegal content. In protecting such vital interests we aim to combat harmful conduct and promote safety, integrity and security, including, for example, when we are investigating reports of harmful conduct or taking appropriate action, such as sharing information with relevant authorities, when someone needs help.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content,
subject to applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Sub-policy 5
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/:
Choose another country or region to see content specific to your location and shop online.
Ireland
Ireland
Other country or region
Continue
Apple
Store
Shop the Latest
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
Accessories
Find a Store
Order Status
Apple Trade In
Financing
Personal Setup
Certified Refurbished
Education
Business
Veterans and Military
Government
Mac
Explore All Mac
MacBook Air
MacBook Pro
iMac
Mac mini
Mac Studio
Mac Pro
Displays
Compare Mac
Switch from PC to Mac
Shop Mac
Help Me Choose
Mac Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Mac Support
AppleCare+ for Mac
macOS Sequoia
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
Continuity
iCloud+
Mac for Business
Education
iPad
Explore All iPad
iPad Pro
iPad Air
iPad
iPad mini
Apple Pencil
Keyboards
Compare iPad
Why iPad
Shop iPad
iPad Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
iPad Support
AppleCare+ for iPad
iPadOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iCloud+
Education
iPhone
Explore All iPhone
iPhone 16 Pro
iPhone 16
iPhone 16e
iPhone 15
Compare iPhone
Switch from Android
Shop iPhone
iPhone Accessories
Apple Trade In
Carrier Deals at Apple
Financing
iPhone Support
AppleCare+ for iPhone
iOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iPhone Privacy
iCloud+
Wallet, Pay, Card
Siri
Watch
Explore All Apple Watch
Apple Watch Series 10
Apple Watch Ultra 2
Apple Watch SE
Apple Watch Nike
Apple Watch Hermès
Compare Watch
Why Apple Watch
Shop Apple Watch
Apple Watch Studio
Apple Watch Bands
Apple Watch Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Apple Watch Support
AppleCare+
watchOS 11
Apple Watch For Your Kids
Apps by Apple
Apple Fitness+
Vision
Explore Apple Vision Pro
Guided Tour
Tech Specs
Shop Apple Vision Pro
Apple Vision Pro Accessories
Book a Demo
Financing
Apple Vision Pro Support
AppleCare+
visionOS 2
AirPods
Explore All AirPods
AirPods 4
AirPods Pro 2
AirPods Max
Compare AirPods
Shop AirPods
AirPods Accessories
AirPods Support
AppleCare+ for Headphones
Hearing Health
Apple Music
TV & Home
Explore TV & Home
Apple TV 4K
HomePod
HomePod mini
Shop Apple TV 4K
Shop HomePod
Shop HomePod mini
Shop Siri Remote
TV & Home Accessories
Apple TV Support
HomePod Support
AppleCare+
Apple TV app
Apple TV+
Home app
Apple Music
Siri
AirPlay
Entertainment
Explore Entertainment
Apple One
Apple TV+
Apple Music
Apple Arcade
Apple Fitness+
Apple News+
Apple Podcasts
Apple Books
App Store
Apple TV+ Support
Apple Music Support
Accessories
Shop All Accessories
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
TV & Home
Made by Apple
Beats by Dr. Dre
AirTag
Support
iPhone
Mac
iPad
Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Music
TV
Explore Support
Community
Check Coverage
Repair
Get AppleCare+
Apple Account and Password
Billing & Subscriptions
Accessibility
Find a Store
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Apple Intelligence
Apple Trade In
0
+
Legal
Open Menu
Close Menu
Hardware
Software
Sales & Support
Internet Services
Intellectual Property
More Resources
JavaScript is required to view this content.
Something went wrong.
The content for this page did not load correctly. Reload the page to try again.
Reload Page
Choose a Topic
Privacy Policy
Apple ID and Family Sharing Disclosure
Privacy Governance
Government Information Requests
Manage Your Account
Sub-policy 6
https://yandex.ru/legal/confidential/?lang=en:
General
User Agreement for Yandex Services
License to use Yandex Search Engine
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Yandex.Maps
Yandex.Weather
Yandex.Afisha (in russian)
Yandex.TV (in russian)
Yandex.News (in russian)
Yandex.Timetables (in russian)
Yandex.Dictionaries (in russian)
Yandex.Translate
Yandex.Market (in russian)
Yandex.Jobs (in russian)
Yandex.Realty (in russian)
Yandex.Fotki (in russian)
Blog and forum search (in russian)
Yandex.Store
Yandex.DNS
Yandex Disk
Services Market (in russian)
Yandex.PriceLabs (in russian)
Yandex.Tickets (in russian)
Yandex.Radio (in russian)
Yandex.Delivery (in russian)
Yandex.Travel (in russian)
Yandex Zen
Yandex.Insight
Developer Console API
Yandex.Patents Service
Yandex Mail
Yandex.Contest
Shedevrum
Software license agreements
Yandex Zen for Mobile Devices
Yandex browser
Yandex desktop software
Yandex.Maps
Yandex.Fotki (in russian)
Yandex.Mail
Yandex.Weather
Yandex.Disk (Mobile App)
Yandex Mobile (in russian)
Yandex.Search
Yandex.Metro
Yandex.Trains
Yandex.Taxi
Yandex.Kinoafisha (in russian)
Yandex.Auto (in russian)
Yandex.Market (in russian)
Yandex.Hub (in russian)
Yandex.Shell
Yandex.Navigator
Yandex.Music
Yandex.Medals (in russian)
Yandex.Translate
Yandex.Direct (in russian)
Yandex.Events (in russian)
Yandex.Exams (Mobile App) (in russian)
Photo frame (in russian)
Yandex.News (in russian)
Yandex.Key (Mobile App)
Yandex.Radio
Yandex.Talk (in russian)
Yandex.Teleprogram (in russian)
Yandex.Disk (for SmartTV)
Yandex.Market Advisor
Yandex.Flights
Yandex.Connect
Yandex widget (in russian)
Yandex.Yamb
Yandex.Metrica
Yandex.Telemost Program
Yandex.Keyboard program for Mobile Devices
Shedevrum for Mobile Devices
Yandex with Alice program for mobile devices and devices supporting SmartTV technology
API Terms of Use
Yandex.Maps
Yandex Market
Yandex.Fotki (in russian)
Yandex.Metrica
Yandex.Direct
Yandex.Market for partners
Yandex.Market Content API (in russian)
Yandex.Bar (in russian)
Yandex.Locator (in russian)
Yandex.Speller (in russian)
JavaScript library hosting (in russian)
Safe Browsing API
Yandex.Webmaster
Yandex.Translate
Yandex.Predictor (in russian)
Yandex.Feeds
Yandex.Dictionary
Image Search (in russian)
Rich Content API
Yandex SpeechKit Mobile SDK
Yandex.Postoffice
Yandex.Disk
Partner Interface
Micro-Markup Validator API
Yandex DataSync API
API Yandex.Delivery (in russian)
Yandex.Display (in russian)
API Search for Online Stores Service
Audience API
Yandex.Turbo Pages API
Business solutions
Yandex.XML
Webmaster and Developer Tools
Metrica
Site search
License Agreement for Mail for Domain Program
Sharebutton (in russian)
Browser Update Constructor
Widget developer suite (in russian)
Yandex.Store Developer Agreement
Contributor License Agreement
Sharing site content information
Deposits and loans (in russian)
Realty (in russian)
Vacancies (in russian)
Reviews (in russian)
Yandex.Disk SDK
Rules for Yandex.Direct API software developers
Yandex Mobile Ads SDK License Agreement
Turbo Pages
Contributor License Agreement of Yandex.Cloud Service
For Advertisers
Advertising Requirements
Yandex.Market
Audience: Terms of Service
Terms of advertising services
General terms and conditions for Yandex.Market Services
Distribution of Yandex products
Terms of Use for Partner Interface
KinoPoisk
Terms of watching of the paid content on KinoPoisk Service
English
Оʻzbek tili
English
Русский
Українська
עברית
Қазақ
Effective Date: 19.05.2022
Current version is available at
https://yandex.ru/legal/confidential
.
This Privacy Policy (hereinafter, the “Policy”) covers any information about users of our products and services (hereinafter, “You”) that may include personal data as defined by applicable laws and regulations (hereinafter, “Personal information”), which YANDEX LLC and (or) its affiliated entities, including all entities belonging to the same group as YANDEX LLC (jointly referred to as “Yandex”), may obtain when you use any of the Yandex websites, programs, products or services, including its search, e-mail, map, storage service or any other program, product or service (jointly referred to as, the “Services”), information about which you can find on
yandex.ru
,
yandex.com
,
yandex.by
,
yandex.kz
,
yandex.com.tr
,
yandex.co.il
, and other Yandex websites (collectively, the “Sites”), and as well as during the performance of any contract or agreement Yandex concludes with you in relation to your using the Services. Also, Personal information can be obtained by Yandex through its partners (“Partners”), such as advertising partners or taxi service providers, who provide you with access to or let you use websites, programs, products or services owned or operated by them, and from the sources of publicly available personal data. Partners can provide Personal information to Yandex only as stipulated by applicable laws and regulations and in accordance with special agreements between Yandex and each of the Partners.
Please note that your using any of the Sites and/or Services may be subject to additional terms and conditions, which may amend and/or supplement this Policy and (or) include specific privacy terms in relevant parts of legal documents for such Sites and/or Services.
To provide you with access to the Sites and Services, your Personal information is collected and used by Yandex which may include YANDEX LLC, a company incorporated under Russian law, with a head office registered at 16 Lva Tolstogo St., Moscow 119021, Russia (“YANDEX” LLC), or its affiliates for particular Services or in specific jurisdictions. You can find information about the entity, which provides the particular Service in the relevant Service’s terms of use.
For users in the European Economic Area (EEA) or Switzerland (except for the users of the services Yango, Yandex.Taxi, Deli) Yandex is represented by its Finnish entity, Global DC Oy, a company incorporated under Finnish law, with an office registered at Moreenikatu 6, 04600 Mantsala, Finland.
For users in Israel Yandex is represented by its Israeli entities Yandex.Go Israel Ltd, a company incorporated under Israeli law, with an office registered at: 148 Menachem Begin St., Tel Aviv, Israel 6492104, Yango.Taxi Ltd., a company incorporated under Israeli law, with an office registered at: 148 Menachem Begin St., Tel Aviv, Israel 6492104, and Yango Market Israel Ltd., a company incorporated under Israeli law, with an office registered at: 114 Yigal Alon, Tel Aviv, Israel 6744320.
Privacy and security of your Personal information are extremely important to us. When you use the Sites and/or Services, Yandex processes your Personal information and ensures its protection in strict compliance with applicable laws and regulations.
As part of our commitment to protecting your Personal information, we use this Policy to transparently inform you about the following:
(a) why and how your Personal information is collected and used (also, “processed”) by Yandex when you access the Sites or Services;
(b) Yandex’s role and responsibilities in this context as the legal entity deciding why and how your Personal information is processed;
(c) what instruments you may use to limit the amount of Personal information collected by Yandex; and
(d) what your rights are in relation to the above processing.
Personal information collected when you use the Sites and/or Services, or sites, services, programs or products of Partners, may differ depending on whether you access it while logged in to your Yandex user account or without logging in. When you are logged in to your Yandex user account as you are using the Sites or Services, Personal information collected by Yandex may be collated and combined with other Personal information (such as your identity, contact details, age and gender, if you shared this information with us) collected by Yandex in your user account. Yandex does not verify Personal information provided by you unless otherwise provided in the Terms of Use or License Agreement of relevant Services, and does not decide the its credibility or whether you have the legal capacity required. However, Yandex assumes that the information you provide is true, sufficiently complete and up-to-date.
Personal information collected by Yandex when you access, interact with or operate the Sites and/or Services includes:
(i) information provided by you when you register (create) a user account, such as your name, mobile phone number, address and age;
(ii) electronic data (http headers, IP address, cookies, web beacons/pixel tags, browser information, information about your hardware and software, wi-fi network data);
(iii) date and time of accessing the Sites or Services;
(iv) information related to your activity while using the Sites or Services (e.g. your search history, data on purchases in the Services, data on visited organizations, likes and preferences, email addresses of your mailing contacts, phonebook data, information about interaction with other users, as well as files and content stored in Yandex systems);
(v) (geo)location information;
(vi) other information about you that needs to be processed according to the terms and conditions of any specific Yandex Site or Service;
(vii) information about you that we may receive from our Partners in accordance with an agreement you made with this Partner and an agreement between Yandex and this Partner;
(viii) your payment cards information, and other payment information, provided by you, as well as provided by Partners or other entities engaged into processing of the payment operations conducted within the Yandex Sites or Services or in connection with providing commercial services by Yandex.
In addition, Yandex uses cookies and web beacons (including pixel tags) to collect your Personal information and associate this Personal information with your device and web browser (see Section 11 below).
Yandex does not actively collect any sensitive personal data (such as racial origins, political opinions, health or biometric data) unless specified in Terms of Use of relevant Services. However, you may voluntarily provide us with such data and we may process it as part of providing you with our Services (e.g. if you perform search queries related to your health). As we do not know in advance the potentially sensitive nature of the personal data you may provide to us, you must be aware that we may not be able to request your consent with such processing.
Yandex does not perform any form of profiling, which has the potential to significantly impact your rights and freedoms in accordance with applicable laws.
Yandex is not allowed to process your Personal information if it does not have a valid legal ground. Yandex will therefore only process your Personal information if:
(i) the processing is necessary to perform contractual obligations between you and Yandex such as User Agreement for Yandex Services (https://yandex.com/legal/rules/) and the terms of use of specific Yandex Services, which also includes providing you with Sites and/or Services (i.e. providing you with the results of your search query);
(ii) the processing is necessary to comply with our legal or regulatory obligations;
(iii) in case it is provided by applicable law, the processing is necessary for the legitimate interests of Yandex and does not unduly affect your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. Please note that when we process your Personal information on this basis, we will always seek to maintain a balance between our legitimate interest and the protection of your privacy.
Examples of such ‘legitimate interests’ referred in (iii) immediately above are:
(a) to better understand how you interact with our Sites and/or Services;
(b) to enhance, maintaining accessibility, modify, personalize or otherwise improve the Sites and Services for the benefit of all users; and
(c) to offer you other products and services from Yandex or other companies which we think can be of interest to you (i.e. personally-targeted advertising).
(iv) for specific purposes or if consent is required under the applicable laws and regulations, we may ask your consent for processing of your Personal information. In those jurisdictions in which consent is the legal basis, you provide such consent by agreeing to use our Sites and/or Services. We hereby inform you, and you hereby acknowledge, that you have no legal obligation to provide us with any Personal Information when you use the Sites or Services, and such provision is solely based on your free will. However, you are aware that without the provision of Personal Information, we will not be able to provide you with Services and your use of the Sites will be limited.
Yandex always processes your Personal information for a specific purpose and only processes Personal information, which is relevant to achieve that purpose. In particular, we process your Personal information for the following purposes:
(i) to provide you with the Sites and/or Services (i.e. delivery of search results in response to your search queries, taking into account your preferences, search history and other Personal information about you available to Yandex);
(ii) to provide you with access to your user account, including your email and storage service, if you have an account for these Services;
(iii) to contact you to notify and/or inform you or request information from you in relation to the Sites and Services, or to execute our agreements with you or process your request or application;
(iv) to personalize advertisements and/or commercial offers based on your preferences, search history and other Personal information available to Yandex;
(v) to improve user experience, including offering more relevant search results and more personalised Sites and/or Services, as well as improving other Yandex products, applications and services;
(vi) to develop new products, applications and services;
(vii) to protect your rights and the rights of Yandex; and
(viii) to collect, process and present statistical data or big data, or perform other research and/or analysis of Personal information.
(ix) discovering of the security risks to the Sites and Services, users, Yandex and/or third parties, which also includes your integrity check in course of entering into agreements while using the Sites or Services;
(x) arrangement of the acceptance of your payments, processing of the payment for goods and services by you in course of using the Sites and Services.
The use of information received from the Google API (Received Data) in Yandex Services is exercised in accordance with the
Google API Disclosure
subject to the restrictions specified therein, namely:
Yandex uses the Received Data to provide you with the functions of Email Client. The Received Data is not offered for use by third parties, displaying advertising materials and other purposes related to unauthorized access to the content of your correspondence.
For more details on processing the Received Data, please visit: (
https://yandex.ru/legal/confidential_google_api
).
In most cases, Personal information is processed automatically without access to it by our staff. However, if such access is necessary, your Personal information can be accessed only by those Yandex employees whose professional tasks require using this information. To protect your Personal information and ensure its confidentiality, these employees must comply with internal rules and follow protocols for processing Personal information. They are also required to follow all technical and organisational security measures protecting your Personal information.
Yandex has also implemented adequate technical and organisational measures to protect Personal information against unauthorised, accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, misuse, disclosure or access and against all other unlawful forms of processing. These security measures have been implemented taking into account the state of the art of the technology, their cost of implementation, the risks presented by the processing and the nature of Personal information.
7.1
Within the Yandex group
Yandex may transfer your Personal information to our employees (within the limits set out in Section 6 above). Yandex may also transfer your Personal information to its affiliates including other companies of the group to which Yandex belongs (the “Yandex Group”). Please note that the level of protection of Personal Information in some countries may not be identical to the level required in your jurisdiction, by using the Services you consent to such transfer.
In all cases, unless otherwise stated by the terms of use of the Sites or Services that are provided by companies of the Yandex Group, Personal information will continue to be processed only for the purposes set out in Section 5 hereof. Your Personal information may also be processed by entities listed at the page via
https://yandex.com/legal/affiliates
.
7.2 Outside the Yandex Group
Yandex may also transfer Personal information to third parties outside the Yandex Group to complete the purposes listed in Section 5 above. Please note that the level of protection of Personal Information in some countries may not be identical to the level in your jurisdiction and by using the Services you consent to such transfer.
Such third parties may include:
i. Partners, such as media publishers, advertising networks and other partners providing Yandex with services related to the placement and display of advertisement on the websites, programs, products and/or services owned or operated by such Partners, taxi companies operating the taxi Services;
ii. Advertisers or other Partners serving targeted advertisement on the Yandex Sites or Services; and third parties who process Personal information, such as our (IT) systems providers and/or consultants;
iii. Entities, providing information for discovering security risks to the Sites and Services, users, Yandex and/or third parties, including your integrity check in course of entering into agreements while using the Sites or Services;
iv. Entities, involved in the arrangement of the acceptance of your payments, processing of the payment for goods and services by you in course of using the Sites and Services (international payment systems, payment products vendors, banks and other financial organizations, etc.).
Yandex may also transfer Personal information to the following third parties outside the Yandex Group:
i. any third party, to whom we assign any of our rights or obligations under agreements related to offering of the Services to the users, or who maintain control with other means over the entities, offering the Services as a result of its acquisition (by acquisition of legal entity, objects of intellectual property, property, proprietary rights or otherwise);
ii. any national or international regulatory, enforcement, exchange body, central or local government department and other statutory or public bodies or court where we are required to do so by applicable law or regulation at their request;
iii. third parties if you expressed your consent to such transfer or transfer of your Personal information is required for your use of a certain Service or performance of a particular agreement or contract with you;
iv. any third party to ensure legal protection for Yandex and/or the third parties if you violate the User Agreement of any of the Yandex Services (
https://yandex.ru/legal/rules
), this Policy or the terms of use of specific Services, or if there is a threat of such violation.
Yandex stores Personal information in the Russian Federation and in the EEA.
For users in Russia: Yandex records, systematizes, accumulates, stores, clarification (updates, changes), extracts Personal information of the citizens of the Russian Federation using databases located on the territory of the Russian Federation.
For users in the EEA, Switzerland or Israel: Russia is a jurisdiction outside the European Economic Area, which has not been recognized by the European Commission as providing an adequate level of personal data protection. Therefore, Yandex has taken appropriate measures to ensure Personal information is handled according to applicable EU data protection rules.
In particular, Yandex relies upon Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission to ensure an adequate level of protection for your Personal information transferred to Russia. A copy of these Standard Contractual Clauses can be obtained upon request.
If you are located in a jurisdiction where transfer of your Personal Information to another jurisdiction requires your consent, then by using the Sites or Services you provide Yandex with your express and unambiguous consent to such transfer, storage, and/or processing of the information in other jurisdictions, including Russia.
Yandex will only keep your Personal information for as long as it is necessary to fulfil the purpose for which it was collected or to comply with legal and regulatory requirements.
Unless otherwise legally required or agreed, the emails and documents, which are stored by you on our systems as part of the Service, will remain stored as long as you have an account with us, but you can delete them at any time.
If you wish to have any Personal information removed from our databases, you can have it removed using interface of the Sites or Services (where applicable). The tool for a data management is available for users authorized with Yandex services accounts in special ‘Data management’ section via Yandex ID profile (
https://passport.yandex.ru/profile
).
10.1
What are your rights
If it is provided by applicable law, you have a right of access to your Personal information as processed by Yandex under this Policy.
If you believe that any information we hold about you is incorrect or incomplete, you can log in to your user account and correct your Personal information yourself.
If it is provided by applicable law, you also have the right to:
learn the information about you that Yandex stores, in particular, via your account on the page
https://yandex.ru/support/id/data.html
, and to download an archive with your Personal information to your device;
request erasure of your Personal information or certain parts of it, as well as withdraw consent to the processing of the Personal information;
request the restriction of the processing of your Personal information;
request a copy of the Standard Contractual Clauses enabling the transfer of your Personal information to Russia, referred to in Section 8 hereof;
object to the processing of your Personal information if it is provided by applicable law.
Yandex will honour any such requests or objections as required under applicable law.
To the extent provided by applicable law, you may be subject to other rights not specifically mentioned herein.
In case where you use the Services, the transfer of Personal Information is carried out with your consent expressing your free will and your interest, (in particular, on the ground of an agreement with you) and it is not an obligation by law.
10.2
How can you exercise your rights
To exercise the above rights, please log in to your user account, which will provide you with the option to do so, or in case of absence of special function in user account interface please contact Yandex (see Section 13 hereof).
If you are not satisfied with how Yandex processes your Personal information, please let us know and we will investigate your concern. If you are not satisfied with Yandex’s response, you have the right to make a complaint to the competent data protection authority.
11.1
What cookies Yandex uses and why
Cookies are small text files accepted and processed by device that you use to access our Sites. They contain information that is collected from your device and sent back to the Sites on each subsequent visit. Their use helps your navigation through the Sites and allows us remember your preferences over time. For more information on cookies, their description, purposes of use and possible options to disable follow our Cookie Policy (
Cookie Policy
).
The following types of cookies are used on the Sites:
strictly necessary cookies / technical cookies: these cookies are required to run the Sites and provide you with the Services and may, among other, allow Yandex to identify your hardware and software, including your browser type;
statistical / analytic cookies: these cookies enable us to recognise users, count the number of users and collect information such as your actions on the Sites and the Services, including the web pages you visit and the content you retrieve;
performance cookies: these cookies collect information about how users interact with our Sites and Services, enabling us to identify errors and test new functionalities to improve the performance of the Sites and the Services;
functionality cookies: these cookies enable us to provide specific functionalities in order to improve your experience on the Sites, for example by storing your preferences (e.g. language and location);
(third party) tracking / advertising cookies: these cookies collect information about users, sources of traffic, page visits and advertising displayed to you and followed by you. They enable us to display advertising which may be of interest to you based on collected Personal information. These cookies are also used for statistical and research purposes.
11.2
How long are those cookies stored on your device
Yandex only uses the information contained in the cookies for the above purposes, after which the data collected will remain stored on your device for a period that may depend on cookies type, but no longer than necessary to achieve their purpose and will be automatically removed from your system thereafter.
11.3
Who else has access to the information contained in the cookies
Personal information collected through cookies placed on your device may be transmitted to and accessed by Yandex or the third parties referred to in Section 7 hereof. The use of Personal information outside of the Sites for advertising purposes, if any, may be subject to separate policies available on the above third parties’ websites. Yandex or those third parties might also provide you with a possibility to opt out of personalized advertising, which shall be subject to laws and regulations applicable to such products, utilities and offerings. You may also manage the settings of display of the personalized advertising or turn such advertising off through the functionality available at
https://yandex.ru/tune/adv
.
The first time that you access the Sites, your approval for the use of these cookies may be requested. If after you have approved the use of cookies you want to make another choice, you can do this by deleting the cookies stored by your browser (usually via the options in your browser’s Privacy menu – please refer to your browser’s manual or developer’s website). The popup requesting your approval may then show up again and you can make a different choice. If you do not consent to the use of cookies, certain features of the Sites might become unavailable, which may affect your browsing experience. You may also set up your browser preferences to accept or decline by default all cookies or cookies from specific websites, including the Yandex Sites. If you approved the use of cookies on one of the Yandex Sites, we assume that the use of cookies on all Sites was approved by you.
Yandex may also use web beacons (pixel tags) in order to access the cookies previously placed on your computer for the following purposes:
(i) to track your actions on the Sites and when using the Services, by accessing and interacting with the cookies stored on your computer;
(ii) to collect statistical information related to operating the Sites, the Services or products, utilities, advertisements or other Yandex offerings.
This Policy may be subject to amendments. Yandex shall be entitled to make such amendments at its own discretion, including, without limitation, to reflect changes in applicable legislation or amendments to the Sites and/or Services.
Yandex undertakes not to introduce significant changes, imposing additional obligations or reducing your rights under this Policy without proper notice to you. You will be notified about such changes. If applicable, changes will be announced on the Site or Services (e.g. via a pop-up or web banner) prior to such changes taking effect, and you may also be notified via other channels (e.g. by email) if you have provided us with your contact details.
We welcome your questions or suggestions concerning implementation of or amendments to this Policy. To contact us please use this feedback form:
https://yandex.com/support/common/troubleshooting/main.html
.
You can also use this form to exercise your rights or report any inaccuracies in your Personal information or protest its processing.
_____________________________
Previous versions of the document:
https://yandex.ru/legal/confidential/22022022
https://yandex.ru/legal/confidential/21062021
https://yandex.ru/legal/confidential/19102020
https://yandex.ru/legal/confidential/15082019
https://yandex.ru/legal/confidential/15072019
https://yandex.ru/legal/confidential/24052018
https://yandex.ru/legal/confidential/11042018
https://yandex.ru/legal/confidential/20032018
https://yandex.ru/legal/confidential/08122017
https://yandex.ru/legal/confidential/18112016
https://yandex.ru/legal/confidential/17082016
https://yandex.ru/legal/confidential/01032016
https://yandex.ru/legal/confidential/30012015
https://yandex.ru/legal/confidential/14082013
https://yandex.ru/legal/confidential/15112011
https://yandex.ru/legal/confidential/31032011
Previous
License to use Yandex Search Engine
Next
Yandex.Maps
English
Оʻzbek tili
English
Русский
Українська
עברית
Қазақ
Previous
License to use Yandex Search Engine
Next
Yandex.Maps
Sub-policy 8
https://www.appodeal.com/home/privacy-policy/:
You control your data
We and our business partners use technologies, including cookies, to collect information about you for various purposes, including:
Functional
Statistical
Marketing
By clicking ‘Accept’, you give your consent for all these purposes. You can also choose to specify the purposes you consent to by ticking the checkbox next to the purpose and clicking ‘Save settings’.
You may withdraw your consent at any time by clicking the small icon at the bottom left corner of the website.
You can read more about how we use cookies and other technologies and how we collect and process personal data by clicking the link.
Read more about cookies
Google privacy policy
Show details
Hide details
Necessary
Strictly necessary cookies help make a website navigable by activating basic functions such as page navigation and access to secure website areas. Without these cookies, the website would not be able to work properly.
Service:
Cloudflare
Purpose:
Pending
Privacy policy:
Cloudflare - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
Session
Name:
_cfuvid
Vendor:
.hsforms.com
Service:
Cookie Information
Purpose:
Supports the website's technical functions.
Privacy policy:
Cookie Information - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
a year
Name:
CookieInformationConsent
Vendor:
appodeal.com
Service:
Cloudflare
Purpose:
Pending
Privacy policy:
Cloudflare - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
Session
Name:
_cfuvid
Vendor:
.hubspot.com
Service:
Cloudflare
Purpose:
Pending
Privacy policy:
Cloudflare - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
Session
Name:
_cfuvid
Vendor:
.highcharts.com
Service:
Vercel
Purpose:
Supports the functions of a "Content Management System" with built-in user behavior analyzes.
Privacy policy:
Vercel - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
Session
Name:
locale
Vendor:
app.appodeal.com
Functional
Functional cookies make it possible to save information that changes the way the website appears or acts. For instance your preferred language or region.
Service:
Microsoft
Purpose:
Supports the integration of a third-party platform on the website.
Privacy policy:
Microsoft - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
a year
Name:
MSPTC
Vendor:
.bing.com
Service:
Cloudflare
Purpose:
Supports the website's technical functions.
Privacy policy:
Cloudflare - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
18 minutes
Name:
__cf_bm
Vendor:
.hsforms.com
Service:
Cloudflare
Purpose:
Supports the website's technical functions.
Privacy policy:
Cloudflare - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
19 minutes
Name:
__cf_bm
Vendor:
.hsforms.net
Service:
Cloudflare
Purpose:
Supports the website's technical functions.
Privacy policy:
Cloudflare - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
20 minutes
Name:
__cf_bm
Vendor:
.hs-analytics.net
Service:
Cloudflare
Purpose:
Supports the website's technical functions.
Privacy policy:
Cloudflare - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
18 minutes
Name:
__cf_bm
Vendor:
.hs-scripts.com
Service:
Cloudflare
Purpose:
Supports the website's technical functions.
Privacy policy:
Cloudflare - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
21 minutes
Name:
__cf_bm
Vendor:
.hsadspixel.net
Service:
Cloudflare
Purpose:
Supports the website's technical functions.
Privacy policy:
Cloudflare - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
4 minutes
Name:
__cf_bm
Vendor:
.hubspotusercontent-na1.net
Service:
Cloudflare
Purpose:
Supports the website's technical functions.
Privacy policy:
Cloudflare - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
18 minutes
Name:
__cf_bm
Vendor:
.hs-banner.com
Service:
Cloudflare
Purpose:
Supports the website's technical functions.
Privacy policy:
Cloudflare - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
18 minutes
Name:
__cf_bm
Vendor:
.hubspot.com
Service:
Cloudflare
Purpose:
Supports the website's technical functions.
Privacy policy:
Cloudflare - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
20 minutes
Name:
__cf_bm
Vendor:
.hscta.net
Statistical
Statistical cookies help the website owner understand how visitors interact with the website by collecting and reporting information.
Service:
Google Analytics
Purpose:
Collects information about the users and their activity on the website for analytics and reporting purposes.
Privacy policy:
Google Analytics - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
a year
Name:
_ga
Vendor:
.appodeal.com
Service:
Purpose:
Expiry:
Session
Name:
countryCode
Vendor:
tenor.com
Service:
Google Analytics
Purpose:
Privacy policy:
Google Analytics - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
a year
Name:
_ga_xxx
Vendor:
.appodeal.com
Marketing
Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and interesting to the individual user and thus more valuable for publishers and third-party advertisers.
Service:
Google Marketing Platform
Purpose:
Used for online marketing by collecting information about the users and their activity on the website. The information is used to target advertising to the user across different channels and devices.
Privacy policy:
Google Marketing Platform - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
15 minutes
Name:
test_cookie
Vendor:
.doubleclick.net
Service:
Youtube, Google
Purpose:
Collects information about the users and their activity on the website through embedded video players with the purpose of delivering targeted advertising.
Privacy policy:
Youtube, Google - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
6 months
Name:
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE
Vendor:
.youtube.com
Service:
HubSpot
Purpose:
Collects information about the users and their activity on the website. The information is used to track and analyze user behaviour and to deliver targeted advertising.
Privacy policy:
HubSpot - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
30 minutes
Name:
__hssc
Vendor:
.appodeal.com
Service:
Youtube, Google
Purpose:
Supports the integration of a third-party platform on the website.
Privacy policy:
Youtube, Google - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
6 months
Name:
__Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN
Vendor:
.youtube.com
Service:
LinkedIn
Purpose:
Supports online marketing by collecting information about the users to promote products through partners and other platforms.
Privacy policy:
LinkedIn - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
6 months
Name:
li_gc
Vendor:
.linkedin.com
Service:
Google
Purpose:
Supports the integration of a third-party platform on the website to deliver targeted advertising.
Privacy policy:
Google - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
3 months
Name:
_gcl_au
Vendor:
.appodeal.com
Service:
Youtube, Google
Purpose:
Collects information about the users and their activity on the website through embedded video players with the purpose of delivering targeted advertising.
Privacy policy:
Youtube, Google - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
Session
Name:
YSC
Vendor:
.youtube.com
Service:
Microsoft, Bing
Purpose:
Collects information about the users and their activity on the website. The information is used to track and analyze user behaviour and to deliver targeted advertising.
Privacy policy:
Microsoft, Bing - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
a year
Name:
_uetvid
Vendor:
.appodeal.com
Service:
HubSpot
Purpose:
Collects information about the users and their activity on the website. The information is used to track and analyze user behaviour and to deliver targeted advertising.
Privacy policy:
HubSpot - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
6 months
Name:
__hstc
Vendor:
.appodeal.com
Service:
Facebook
Purpose:
Identifies browsers for the purposes of providing advertising and site analytics services.
Privacy policy:
Facebook - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
3 months
Name:
_fbp
Vendor:
.appodeal.com
Service:
Microsoft, Bing
Purpose:
Identifies unique web browsers visiting Microsoft sites. These cookies are used for advertising, site analytics, and other operational purposes.
Privacy policy:
Microsoft, Bing - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
a year
Name:
MUID
Vendor:
.bing.com
Service:
Google Marketing Platform
Purpose:
Used for online marketing by collecting information about the users and their activity on the website. The information is used to target advertising to the user across different channels and devices.
Privacy policy:
Google Marketing Platform - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
a year
Name:
IDE
Vendor:
.doubleclick.net
Service:
HubSpot
Purpose:
Collects information about the users and their activity on the website. The information is used to track and analyze user behaviour and to deliver targeted advertising.
Privacy policy:
HubSpot - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
6 months
Name:
hubspotutk
Vendor:
.appodeal.com
Service:
HubSpot
Purpose:
Collects information about the users and their activity on the website. The information is used to track and analyze user behaviour and to deliver targeted advertising.
Privacy policy:
HubSpot - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
Session
Name:
__hssrc
Vendor:
.appodeal.com
Service:
Youtube, Google
Purpose:
Collects information about the users and their activity on the website. The Information is used to track and analyze user behavior, to meet the individual user needs and to deliver targeted advertising.
Privacy policy:
Youtube, Google - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
6 months
Name:
VISITOR_PRIVACY_METADATA
Vendor:
.youtube.com
Service:
Microsoft, Bing
Purpose:
Identifies unique web browsers visiting Microsoft sites. These cookies are used for advertising, site analytics, and other operational purposes.
Privacy policy:
Microsoft, Bing - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
a day
Name:
_uetsid
Vendor:
.appodeal.com
Service:
LinkedIn
Purpose:
Supports online marketing by collecting information about the users to promote products through partners and other platforms.
Privacy policy:
LinkedIn - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
a year
Name:
bcookie
Vendor:
.linkedin.com
Service:
LinkedIn
Purpose:
Supports online marketing by collecting information about the users to promote products through partners and other platforms.
Privacy policy:
LinkedIn - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
a day
Name:
lidc
Vendor:
.linkedin.com
Unclassified
We are in the process of classifying unclassified cookies together with the providers of the individual cookies.
Service:
Purpose:
Expiry:
3 months
Name:
_rdt_uuid
Vendor:
.appodeal.com
Necessary
Functional
Statistical
Marketing
Cookie policy
Your consent applies to the following domains:
appodeal.com
The cookie policy was last updated on 19.03.2025
What is a cookie?
A cookie is a small data file stored in your computer, tablet or smartphone. A cookie is not a program that can contain harmful malware or virus.
How our website uses cookies
Some cookies perform essential functions for our website. Cookies also help us get an overview of your visit to our website so we can continuously optimize and tailor the experience to your needs and interests. For example, cookies remember things like the items added to the shopping cart; whether you have visited our website before; if you are logged in; and the specific language and currency you prefer to see on the website. We also use cookies to target our ads specifically to you on other websites. In general, we use cookies as part of our service to present you with content that is as relevant to you as possible.
You can see the specific services that store cookies and why they do it, under the different categories:
Functional
Statistical
Marketing
How long are cookies stored?
The length of time a cookie is stored on your devices and browsers varies. The lifetime is calculated according to your last visit to the website. When a cookie expires, it is automatically deleted. All our cookies’ lifetimes are specified in our cookie policy.
How to block or delete cookies
You may at any time block all or just third-party cookies completely by changing the browser settings on your computer, tablet or smartphone. The location of these settings will depend on the browser you use. However, you should be aware that if you block all or just third-party cookies, there may be functions and services that you will be unable to use on the website (because these depend on cookies).
You can opt-out of cookies from Google Analytics here
.
How can you delete cookies?
It is easy to delete cookies that you have previously accepted. It depends on which browser (Chrome, Firefox, Safari, etc.) and device (smartphone, tablet, PC, Mac) you are using.
You can typically find this information under settings – Security and Privacy – but this may vary from one browser to another.  Specify which device/browser you are using (click the appropriate link):
Internet Explorer
Microsoft Edge
Mozilla Firefox
Google Chrome
Opera
Safari
Flash cookies
Apple
Android
Chrome, Android
Changing your consent
You can change your consent by either deleting cookies from your browser or by changing your original choice by clicking the link below:
You can change your consent by clicking here
Remember: If you use more than one browser, you must delete cookies in all of them.
Do you have any questions?
If you have any comments or questions relating to our information and/or processing of personal data, please feel welcome to contact us. 
The cookie policy itself is updated once a month by
Cookie Information
. If you have any questions about our cookie policy, you are welcome to
contact Cookie Information on their website.
Functional
Statistical
Marketing
Privacy Policy
1. Purpose
Appodeal, Inc., a Delaware corporation has developed this Privacy Policy (“
Policy
”) to demonstrate our commitment to protecting our users’ privacy. The terms “Appodeal,” “we,” “us”, and “our” include Appodeal, Inc. and any affiliates and subsidiaries. The terms “you” and “your” refer to any individuals and entities who use our Services or visit our Website (including our publishers, advertisers, demand partners, and other service providers) and our Employees.
This Policy describes our online and offline information practices, the kinds of information we may collect, how we intend to use that information, with whom your information may be shared, and how you can opt-out of such uses or correct or change such information. By using our Services or our Website, you agree to the practices described in this Policy. This Policy is an integral part of and is incorporated by reference into our Terms of Service (the “
Terms
”). Any capitalized terms used but not defined in this Policy will have the meaning defined in the Terms.
2. Scope
This Policy applies to any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (“
Personal Information
”) that is collected, recorded, stored, adapted, used, or otherwise made available (collectively, “
Processed
”) by Appodeal in the course of our business providing an ad mediation platform, tools and other services (the “Services”) or the functionality of the Website. All individuals and entities whose responsibilities include Processing Personal Information on our behalf are expected to protect that data by adherence to this Policy. This Policy is intended to meet requirements globally, including those in North America, Europe, APAC, and other jurisdictions.
3. Transparency/Notice: Types of Personal Information We Collect And How We Use It
The types of Personal Information we may collect (directly from you or from Third-Party sources) and our privacy practices depend on the nature of the relationship you have with Appodeal and the requirements of applicable law. Appodeal may collect Personal Information in the following ways:
You may provide Personal Information directly to Appodeal through interacting with the Services or our Website, participating in surveys, during events, and requesting products, Services, or information.
As you interact with the Services or our Website, certain passive information may also be collected about your visit, including through Technologies as described below. We endeavor to collect only that information which is relevant for the purposes of Processing. Below are the ways we collect Personal Information and how we use it.
(a) Types Of Personal Information Appodeal Collects
Appodeal collects Personal Information regarding its current, prospective, and former clients, customers, publishers, demand partners, users, visitors, guests, and Employees (collectively “
Individuals
”).
Information You Provide Directly to Us.
When you use the Services or the Website or engage in certain activities, such as registering for an account with Appodeal, requesting Services or information, or contacting us directly, we may ask you to provide some or all of the following types of information:
Account Registration.
When you register for an account to access our Services, we collect information about you which may include your name, address, telephone number, email address, and billing information such as your credit card number.
Communications with Us.
We may also collect Personal Information from you such as your name, email address, phone number or mailing address when you choose to request information about our products and Services, register for a newsletter, contact customer service, or otherwise communicate with us.
Surveys.
From time to time, we may contact you to participate in online surveys. If you do decide to participate, you may be asked to provide certain information which may include Personal Information. All information collected from your participation in our surveys is provided by you voluntarily. We may use such information to improve our products, Website and/or Services and in any manner consistent with the policies provided herein.
Automatic Data Collection.
We may collect certain information automatically through our Services, Website, or other methods of web analysis, such as your Internet protocol (IP) address, cookie identifiers, mobile advertising identifiers, and other device identifiers that are automatically assigned to your Device when you access the Internet, location data, browser type, operating system, Internet service provider, pages that you visit before and after using the Website or our Services, the date and time of your visit, the amount of time you spend on each page, information about the links you click and pages you view on our Website, and other actions taken through use of the Website or Services such as preferences.
Information from Other Sources.
We may also obtain information about you through Third-Party services and organizations to supplement information provided by you. This supplemental information allows us to verify information that you have provided to Appodeal and to enhance our ability to provide you with information about our business, products, and Services.
(b) Cookies, Pixel Tags/Web Beacons, Analytics Information, and Interest-Based Advertising
We, as well as third parties that provide content, advertising, or other functionality on our Services or Website, may use cookies, pixel tags, local storage, mobile device identifiers and other technologies (“
Technologies
”) to automatically collect information through the Services or Website. We use Technologies that are essentially small data files placed on your computer, tablet, mobile phone, or other devices (referred to collectively as a “Device”) that allow us to record certain pieces of information whenever you visit or interact with our Services, and to recognize you across Devices.
Cookies.
Cookies are bits of data stored on your Device through your browser or mobile application that allow the mobile application to remember you the next time you visit. Cookies enable smoother, more efficient use of the Website by storing your specific information and preferences such as theme, language setting, privacy preferences, and even user ID and password, so you do not need to reenter those each time you visit the Website. You may choose to block or delete cookies if your browser permits, but doing so may affect your use of the Website and your ability to access certain features of the Website.
Advertising Identifiers.
We may also use mobile advertising identifiers to recognize your device and perform the services. Depending on your device, you can chose to change or limit the transmission of your mobile advertising identifier by going into your device settings.
Web Bugs/Pixel Tags/Web Beacons.
We may also use web bugs (also called web beacons) to help us understand the behavior of our users by allowing us to track user demographics and traffic patterns.
Social Media Widgets.
Our Website includes social media features such as the Facebook “Like” button and LinkedIn (that might include widgets such as the share this button or other interactive mini-programs). These features may collect information including your IP address and which page you are visiting on our Website, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. These social media features are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Website. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
Analytics.
We may also utilize Google Analytics and Yandex Metrics in the collection, compilation and analysis of information regarding visitor behavior and visitor demographics on some of our Services, and to develop website content. This analytics data is not tied to any Personal Information. For more information about Google Analytics, please visit
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
. You can opt out of Google’s collection and Processing of data generated by your use of the Services by going to
http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
You can out opt of Yandex Metrics by going to
https://yandex.com/support/metrica/general/opt-out.xml
Our uses of such Technologies fall into the following general categories:
Operationally Necessary.
We may use Technologies that are necessary to the operation of our Services or Website. This includes Technologies that allow you access to our Services; or that are required to identify irregular Website behavior, prevent fraudulent activity and improve security;
Performance Related.
We may use Technologies to assess the performance of our Services or Website, including as part of our analytics practices, to help us understand how our visitors use our Website, determine if you have interacted with our messaging, determine whether you have viewed an item or link, or to improve our Services or Website;
Functionality Related.
We may use Technologies that allow us to offer you enhanced functionality when accessing or using our Services or Website. This may include identifying you when you sign into our Website or keeping track of your specified preferences, interests, or past items viewed so that we may enhance the presentation of content on our Website;
Advertising or Targeting Related.
We may use first-party or Third-Party Technologies to deliver content, including ads that may be relevant to your interests, on our Website or on Third-Party websites. This includes using Technologies to understand the usefulness to you of the advertisements and content that have been delivered to you, such as whether you have clicked on an advertisement.
We may also combine the information we collect through Technologies with other Personal Information we have collected from and about you. If you would like to opt out of the Technologies we employ through our Services, you may do so by blocking, deleting, or disabling them as your browser or Device permits.
(c) How Appodeal Uses Your Information
We acquire, hold, use, and Process Personal Information based on the legal grounds and for the legitimate business purposes outlined in this Policy, such as:
To Provide Services or Information Requested:
Appodeal may use information about you to fulfill requests for Services or information, including information about potential or future Services, including to:
Generally manage Individual information and accounts;
Respond to questions, comments, and other requests;
Provide access to certain areas, functionalities, and features of Appodeal’s Services or Website;
Allow you to register for events.
Administrative Purposes:
Appodeal may use Personal Information about you for its administrative purposes, including to:
Ensure you have a personalized and consistent experience in using the Website and Services;
Protect the security of our Service and Website
and to prevent fraud;
Measure interest in Appodeal’s Services
b and perform analytics;
Notify you of changes to the Website or Services;
Develop new Services;
Ensure internal quality control;
Verify Individual identity;
Communicate about Individual accounts and activities on Appodeal’s Services, Website and systems, and, in Appodeal’s discretion, changes to any Appodeal policy;
Send email to the email address you provide to us to verify your account and for informational and operational purposes, such as account management, customer service, or system maintenance;
Process payment for Services purchased;
Process applications and transactions;
Prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities;
Enforce our Terms of Use.
Marketing Appodeal Services:
Appodeal may use Personal Information to provide you with materials about offers, products, and Services that may be of interest, including new content or Services. Appodeal may provide you with these materials by phone, postal mail, facsimile, or email, as permitted by applicable law. Such uses include:
To tailor content, advertisements, and offers;
To notify you about offers, products, and services that may be of interest to you;
To provide Services to you and our sponsors;
For other purposes disclosed at the time that Individuals provide Personal Information;
Otherwise with your consent.
You may contact us at any time to opt-out of the use of your Personal Information for marketing purposes, as further described in Section 6 below.
Research and Development:
Appodeal may use Personal Information to create non-identifiable information that we may use alone or in the aggregate with information obtained from other sources, in order to help us improve our Website, to optimally deliver our existing Services or develop new Services. From time to time, Appodeal may perform research (online and offline) via surveys. We may engage Third-Party service providers to conduct such surveys on our behalf. All survey responses are voluntary, and the information collected will be used for research and reporting purposes to help us better serve Individuals by learning more about their needs and the quality of the Services we provide. The survey responses may be utilized to determine the effectiveness of our Services or our Website, various types of communications, advertising campaigns, and/or promotional activities. If an Individual participates in a survey, the information given will be used along with that of other study participants. We may share anonymous Individual and aggregate data for research and analysis purposes.
Direct Mail, Email and Outbound Telemarketing:
Individuals who provide us with Personal Information, or whose Personal Information we obtain from Third Parties, may receive periodic emails, newsletters, mailings, or phone calls from us with information on Appodeal’s or our business partners’ products and services or upcoming special offers/events we believe may be of interest. We offer the option to decline these communications at no cost to the Individual by following the instructions in Section 6 below.
Mobile Devices:
Appodeal provides Services that are specifically designed to be compatible and used on mobile Devices. Appodeal will collect certain information that your mobile Device sends when you use such Services, like a GPS location, user settings and the operating system of your Device. Appodeal’s Services require that users log in with an account, and information collected through mobile versions of the Services is associated with user accounts. In addition, Appodeal may enable Individuals to download an application, widget, or other tool that can be used on Devices. Some of these tools may store information on Devices. These tools may transmit Personal Information to Appodeal to enable Individuals to access user accounts and to enable Appodeal to track use of these tools. Some of these tools may enable users to email reports and other information from the tool. Appodeal may use personal or non-identifiable information transmitted to Appodeal to enhance these tools, to develop new tools, for quality improvement and as otherwise described in this Policy or in other notices Appodeal provides.
Anonymous and Aggregated Information:
Appodeal may use Personal Information and other information about you to create anonymized and aggregated information, such as de-identified demographic information, de-identified location information, information about the Device from which you access Appodeal’s Services or Website, or other analyses we create. Anonymized and aggregated information is used for a variety of functions, including the measurement of visitors’ interest in and use of various portions or features of the Services or Website. Anonymized or aggregated information is not Personal Information, and Appodeal may use such information in a number of ways, including research, internal analysis, analytics, and any other legally permissible purposes. We may share this information within Appodeal and with Third Parties for our or their purposes in an anonymized or aggregated form that is designed to prevent anyone from identifying you.
Sharing Content with Friends or Colleagues:
Appodeal’s Services may offer various tools and functionality. For example, Appodeal may provide functionality on its Services that will allow you to forward or share certain content with a friend or colleague. Email addresses that you may provide for a friend or colleague will be used to send your friend or colleague the content or link you request, but will not be collected or otherwise used by Appodeal or any other Third Parties for any other purpose.
Other Uses:
Appodeal may use Personal Information for other purposes for which we have a legitimate interest, such as direct marketing, individual or market research, anti-fraud protection, or any other purpose disclosed to you at the time you provide Personal Information or with your consent.
(d) Third-Party Websites and Social Media Platforms
The Website may contain links to other websites and other websites may reference or link to our Website or other Services. These other domains and websites are not controlled by us, and Appodeal does not endorse or make any representations about Third-Party websites or social media platforms. We encourage our users to read the privacy policies of each and every website and application that they interact with. We do not endorse, screen or approve, and are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other websites or applications. Visiting these other websites or applications is at your own risk.
The Website and our Services may also contains links and interactive features with various social media platforms. If you already use these platforms, their cookies may be set on your Device when using our Website or Services. You should be aware that Personal Information which you voluntarily include and transmit online in a publicly accessible blog, chat room, social media platform or otherwise online, or that you share in an open forum may be viewed and used by others without any restrictions. We are unable to control such uses of your information when interacting with a social media platform, and by using such services you assume the risk that the Personal Information provided by you may be viewed and used by third parties for any number of purposes.
(e) Software Development Kit
To provide our Services, we offer a software development kit (“SDK”) which allows us to access your Mobile Properties. We may collect Personal Information about users of your Mobile Properties through our SDK, including IP addresses, mobile advertising IDs, GPS location (if appropriate permission is given), application usage statistics such as launch times and duration, ad views and click-throughs. Advertisers or demand partners that provide content through our SDK may also collect Personal Information or other information about your users through our SDK. You agree that, in order to use our SDK, you will obtain appropriate consent from your users for the collection, use and sharing of Personal Information through our SDK, and that you will maintain and process all user data in accordance with your privacy policy and all applicable laws in any country in which your Mobile Properties are distributed or used and users are located.
If you use our SDK as a publisher, you agree that we may also share certain non-personal information about your use of the SDK through your Mobile Properties with advertisers and demand partners who provide content through our SDK. Such information may include the number of requests you receive for ad placements on your Mobile Properties, the number of impressions and click-throughs generated, information about revenue you receive, and eCPM data.
4. Human Resources Data
Appodeal collects Personal Information from Employees, their contact points in case of a medical emergency, and beneficiaries under any insurance policy (“
Human Resources Data
”). “Employees” include current, temporary, permanent, prospective or former employees, directors, contractors, workers, or retirees of Appodeal. The Human Resources Data we collect may include title, name, address, phone number, email address, date of birth, passport number, driver’s license number, Social Security number or other government-issued identification number, financial information related to credit checks, bank details for payroll, information that may be recorded on a CV or application form, language abilities, contact information of third parties in case of an emergency and beneficiaries under any insurance policy. We may also collect sensitive Human Resources Data such as details of health and disability, including mental health, medical leave, and maternity leave; and information about national origin or immigration status.
We acquire, hold, use and Process Human Resources-related Personal Information for a variety of business purposes including:
Workflow management, including assigning, managing and administering projects;
Human Resources administration and communication;
Payroll and the provision of benefits;
Compensation, including bonuses and long-term incentive administration, stock plan administration, compensation analysis, including monitoring overtime and compliance with labor laws, and company recognition programs;
Job grading activities;
Performance and employee development management;
Organizational development and succession planning;
Benefits and personnel administration;
Absence management;
Helpdesk and IT support services;
Regulatory compliance;
Internal and/or external or governmental compliance investigations;
Internal or external audits;
Litigation evaluation, prosecution, and defense;
Diversity and inclusion initiatives;
Restructuring and relocation;
Emergency contacts and services;
Employee safety;
Compliance with statutory requirements;
Processing of Employee expenses and travel charges;
Acquisitions, divestitures, and integrations.
5. Onward Transfer—Appodeal May Disclose Your Information
(a) Information We Share
We may share your information as described in this Policy (e.g., with our Third-Party service providers; to comply with legal obligations; to protect and defend our rights and property) or with your permission. The complete Third-Party service provider list can be found here:
www.appodeal.com/home/partners-privacy-policies/
We Use Vendors and Service Providers.
We may share any information we receive with vendors and service providers, including advertisers that provide content through our SDK. The types of service providers (processors) to whom we entrust Personal Information include service providers for: (i) provision of IT and related services, such as web hosting or data management; (ii) provision of information and services you have requested; (iii) payment processing; and (iv) customer service activities; and (v) in connection with the provision of the Website. Appodeal has executed appropriate contracts with the service providers that prohibit them from using or sharing Personal Information except as necessary to perform the contracted services on our behalf or to comply with applicable legal requirements.
Business Partners.
We may choose to share Personal Information with our business partners and affiliates for our and our affiliates’ internal business purposes, or to provide you with Services that you have requested. Appodeal may also provide Personal Information to business partners with whom we may jointly offer products or services, or whose products or services we believe may be of interest to you. In such cases, our business partner’s name will appear, along with Appodeal’s. Appodeal requires our affiliates and business partners to agree in writing to maintain the confidentiality and security of Personal Information they maintain on our behalf and not to use it for any purpose other than the purpose for which Appodeal provided it to them.
Interest-Based Advertising and Third Party Marketing.
Through our Services, Appodeal may allow Third-Party advertising partners to set tracking tools (e.g., cookies or other Technologies) to collect information regarding your activities (e.g., your IP address, page(s) visited, time of day). We may also share such de-identified information as well as selected Personal Information (such as demographic information and past purchase history) we have collected with Third-Party advertising partners. These advertising partners may use this information (and similar information collected from other websites) for purposes of delivering targeted advertisements to you when you visit non-Appodeal related websites within their networks. This practice is commonly referred to as “interest-based advertising” or “online behavioral advertising. We may allow access to other data collected by the Website to facilitate transmittal of information that may be useful, relevant, valuable or otherwise of interest to you. If you prefer that we do not share your Personal Information with Third-Party advertising partners, you may opt-out of such sharing at no cost by following the instructions in Section 6 below.
Disclosures to Protect Us or Others (e.g., As Required by Law and Similar Disclosures).
We may access, preserve, and disclose your Personal Information, other account information, and content if we believe doing so is required or appropriate to: (i) comply with law enforcement or national security requests and legal process, such as a court order or subpoena; (ii) respond to your requests; (iii) protect yours’, ours’ or others’ rights, property, or safety; (iv) to enforce Appodeal policies or contracts; (v) to collect amounts owed to Appodeal; (vi) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss or in connection with an investigation or prosecution of suspected or actual illegal activity; or (vii) if we, in good faith, believe that disclosure is otherwise necessary or advisable.
In addition, from time to time, server logs may be reviewed for security purposes—e.g., to detect unauthorized activity on the Services. In such cases, server log data containing IP addresses may be shared with law enforcement bodies in order that they may identify users in connection with their investigation of the unauthorized activities.
Merger, Sale, or Other Asset Transfers.
If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, sale of company assets, or transition of service to another provider, then your information may be sold or transferred as part of such a transaction as permitted by law and/or contract. Should such an event occur, Appodeal will endeavor to direct the transferee to use Personal Information in a manner that is consistent with the Policy in effect at the time such Personal Information was collected.
(b) Data Transfers
All Personal Information collected via or by Appodeal may be stored anywhere in the world, including but not limited to, in the United States, in the cloud, on our servers, on the servers of our affiliates or the servers of our service providers. Your Personal Information may be accessible to law enforcement or other authorities pursuant to a lawful request. By providing information to Appodeal, you consent to the storage of your Personal Information in these locations.
6. Choice/Modalities to Opt-Out
(a) General
You have the right to opt out of certain uses and disclosures of your Personal Information. Where you have consented to Appodeal’s Processing of your Personal Information or sensitive Personal Information, you may withdraw that consent at any time and opt-out to further Processing by following the instructions in this Section. Even if you opt-out, we may still collect and use non-Personal Information regarding your activities on our Website and/or information from the advertisements on Third-Party websites for non-interest based advertising purposes, such as to determine the effectiveness of the advertisements.
(b) Email and Telephone Communications
If you receive an unwanted email from us, you can use the unsubscribe link found at the bottom of the email to opt-out of receiving future emails. We will process your request within a reasonable time after receipt. Note that you will continue to receive transaction-related emails regarding products or services you have requested. We may also send you certain communications regarding Appodeal and our Services and you will not be able to opt out of those communications (e.g., communications regarding updates to our Terms or this Policy).
We maintain telephone “do-not-call” and “do-not-mail” lists as mandated by law. We process requests to be placed on do-not-mail, do-not-phone and do-not-contact lists within 60 days after receipt, or such shorter time as may be required by law.
(c) Human Resources Data
With regard to Personal Information that Appodeal receives in connection with the employment relationship, Appodeal will use such Personal Information only for employment-related purposes as more fully described above. If Appodeal intends to use this Personal Information for any other purpose, Appodeal will notify the Individual and provide an opportunity to opt-out of such uses.
(d) Do Not Track
Do Not Track (“DNT”) is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers. DNT is a way for users to inform websites and services that they do not want certain information about their webpage visits collected over time and across websites or online services. Please note that we do not respond to or honor DNT signals or similar mechanisms transmitted by web browsers.
(e) Cookies and Interest-Based Advertising
We hope that you find the display of interest-based Ads valuable. However, if you wish to opt-out of these advertising services, you can edit your preferences by visiting the “Settings” page of the Website and selecting the option to opt-out.
As noted above, you may stop or restrict the placement of cookies on your Devices or remove them from your browser by adjusting your web browser preferences. Please note that cookie-based opt-outs are not effective on mobile applications. However, on many mobile Devices, application users may opt out of certain mobile ads via their Device settings or by downloading the AppChoices mobile application offered by the Digital Advertising Alliance.
The online advertising industry also provides websites from which you may opt-out of receiving targeted ads from our data partners and our other advertising partners that participate in self-regulatory programs. You can access these, and also learn more about targeted advertising and consumer choice and privacy, at
networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
, or
www.youronlinechoices.eu
and
www.aboutads.info/choices/
. You can also choose not to be included in Google Analytics by following this link:
tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
To be clear, whether you are using our opt-out found at
www.appodeal.com/home/sdk-opt-out
and/or an online industry opt-out, these cookie-based opt-outs must be performed on each Device and browser that you wish to have opted-out. For example, if you have opted-out on your computer browser, that opt-out will not be effective on your mobile Device. You must separately opt-out on each Device. Advertisements on Third-Party websites that contain the AdChoices link and that link to this Privacy Policy may have been directed to you based on anonymous, non-Personal Information collected by advertising partners over time and across websites. These advertisements provide a mechanism to opt-out of the advertising partners’ use of this information for interest-based advertising purposes.
7. SECURITY OF Your INFORMATION
The security of your Personal Information is important to us. We maintain appropriate safeguards and current security standards to protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access, disclosure, or misuse, such as using SSL encryption. However, no system can be completely secure, and we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you provide to us. While we take meaningful steps to secure your information, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your Personal Information will always remain secure. We do not accept liability for unintentional disclosure.
By using the Website or providing Personal Information to us, you agree that we may communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of the Website. If we learn of a security system’s breach, we may attempt to notify you electronically by posting a notice on the Website or sending an e-mail to you. You may have a legal right to receive this notice in writing.
8. Rights of Access, Rectification, Erasure, and Restriction
You can review and change certain Personal Information related to your use of our Website or Services (such as your name and contact information). To access your information, simply sign in to your account and you will be able to edit your Personal Information.
You may inquire as to whether Appodeal is Processing Personal Information about you, request access to Personal Information, and ask that we correct, amend or delete your Personal Information where it is inaccurate. Where otherwise permitted by applicable law, you may send an e-mail to legal@appodeal.com or use any of the methods set out in this Policy to request access to, receive (port), restrict Processing, seek rectification, or request erasure of Personal Information held about you by Appodeal. Such requests will be processed in line with local laws.
| Although Appodeal makes good faith efforts to provide Individuals with access to their Personal Information, there may be circumstances in which Appodeal is unable to provide access, including but not limited to: where the information contains legal privilege, would compromise others’ privacy or other legitimate rights, where the burden or expense of providing access would be disproportionate to the risks to the Individual’s privacy in the case in question or where it is commercially proprietary. If Appodeal determines that access should be restricted in any particular instance, we will provide you with an explanation of why that determination has been made and a contact point for any further inquiries. To protect your privacy, Appodeal will take commercially reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access to or making any changes to your Personal Information.
9. Retention
Appodeal retains the Personal Information we receive as described in this Policy for as long as you use our Services or as necessary to fulfill the purpose(s) for which it was collected, provide our Services, resolve disputes, establish legal defenses, conduct audits, pursue legitimate business purposes, enforce our agreements, and comply with applicable laws.
10. CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
The Website is restricted to individuals over the age of 18. We do not knowingly collect, maintain, or use Personal Information from children under 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under the age of 16) years of age, and no part of the Website is directed to children under the age of 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under the age of 16). If you learn that your child has provided us with Personal Information without your consent, you may alert us at legal@appodeal.com. If we learn that we have collected any Personal Information from children under 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under the age of 16), we will promptly take steps to delete such information and terminate the child’s account.
11. International Users
By using the Website, you will transfer data to the United States. If you are visiting from the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use, please note that you are agreeing to the transfer of your information to the United States and processing globally. By providing your Personal Information, you consent to any transfer and processing in accordance with this Policy.
12. REDRESS/COMPLIANCE AND ACCOUNTABILITY
Questions or concerns regarding our compliance with this Policy may be directed to
legal@appodeal.com
or contact us at:
Appodeal, Inc.
575 Market St, 5th Floor
San Francisco, CA 94105, USA
Appodeal will address your concerns and attempt to resolve any privacy issues in a timely manner.
If you are an EU citizen and feel that Appodeal is not abiding by the terms of this Privacy Policy, please contact us at the contact information provided above. If any request remains unresolved, you may contact the national data protection authority for your EU Member State.
13. OTHER RIGHTS AND IMPORTANT INFORMATION
(a) CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY AND PRACTICES
Revision to the Privacy Policy.
We may revise this Privacy Policy in our sole discretion, so review it periodically. If you continue to visit this Website or use our Services after such changes have been made, you hereby provide your consent to the changes.
Posting of Revised Privacy Policy.
If there are any material changes to this Policy, Appodeal will notify you by email or as otherwise required by applicable law. We will post any adjustments to the Privacy Policy on this web page, and the revised version will be effective immediately when it is posted (or upon notice as applicable). If you are concerned about how your information is used, bookmark this page and read this Privacy Policy periodically.
New Uses of Personal Information.
Additionally, before we use Personal Information for any new purpose not originally authorized by you, we will endeavor to provide information regarding the new purpose and give you the opportunity to opt-out. Where consent of the Individual for the Processing of Personal Information is otherwise required by law or contract, Appodeal will endeavor to comply with the law or contract.
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
California law permits users who are California residents to request and obtain from us once a year, free of charge, a list of the Third Parties to whom we have disclosed their Personal Information (if any) for their direct marketing purposes in the prior calendar year, as well as the type of Personal Information disclosed to those parties. Appodeal does not share Personal Information with Third Parties for their own marketing purposes.
The last update to our Privacy Policy was posted on May 3, 2018.
Sub-policy 10
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/:
Choose another country or region to see content specific to your location and shop online.
Ireland
Ireland
Other country or region
Continue
Apple
Store
Shop the Latest
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
Accessories
Find a Store
Order Status
Apple Trade In
Financing
Personal Setup
Certified Refurbished
Education
Business
Veterans and Military
Government
Mac
Explore All Mac
MacBook Air
MacBook Pro
iMac
Mac mini
Mac Studio
Mac Pro
Displays
Compare Mac
Switch from PC to Mac
Shop Mac
Help Me Choose
Mac Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Mac Support
AppleCare+ for Mac
macOS Sequoia
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
Continuity
iCloud+
Mac for Business
Education
iPad
Explore All iPad
iPad Pro
iPad Air
iPad
iPad mini
Apple Pencil
Keyboards
Compare iPad
Why iPad
Shop iPad
iPad Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
iPad Support
AppleCare+ for iPad
iPadOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iCloud+
Education
iPhone
Explore All iPhone
iPhone 16 Pro
iPhone 16
iPhone 16e
iPhone 15
Compare iPhone
Switch from Android
Shop iPhone
iPhone Accessories
Apple Trade In
Carrier Deals at Apple
Financing
iPhone Support
AppleCare+ for iPhone
iOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iPhone Privacy
iCloud+
Wallet, Pay, Card
Siri
Watch
Explore All Apple Watch
Apple Watch Series 10
Apple Watch Ultra 2
Apple Watch SE
Apple Watch Nike
Apple Watch Hermès
Compare Watch
Why Apple Watch
Shop Apple Watch
Apple Watch Studio
Apple Watch Bands
Apple Watch Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Apple Watch Support
AppleCare+
watchOS 11
Apple Watch For Your Kids
Apps by Apple
Apple Fitness+
Vision
Explore Apple Vision Pro
Guided Tour
Tech Specs
Shop Apple Vision Pro
Apple Vision Pro Accessories
Book a Demo
Financing
Apple Vision Pro Support
AppleCare+
visionOS 2
AirPods
Explore All AirPods
AirPods 4
AirPods Pro 2
AirPods Max
Compare AirPods
Shop AirPods
AirPods Accessories
AirPods Support
AppleCare+ for Headphones
Hearing Health
Apple Music
TV & Home
Explore TV & Home
Apple TV 4K
HomePod
HomePod mini
Shop Apple TV 4K
Shop HomePod
Shop HomePod mini
Shop Siri Remote
TV & Home Accessories
Apple TV Support
HomePod Support
AppleCare+
Apple TV app
Apple TV+
Home app
Apple Music
Siri
AirPlay
Entertainment
Explore Entertainment
Apple One
Apple TV+
Apple Music
Apple Arcade
Apple Fitness+
Apple News+
Apple Podcasts
Apple Books
App Store
Apple TV+ Support
Apple Music Support
Accessories
Shop All Accessories
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
TV & Home
Made by Apple
Beats by Dr. Dre
AirTag
Support
iPhone
Mac
iPad
Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Music
TV
Explore Support
Community
Check Coverage
Repair
Get AppleCare+
Apple Account and Password
Billing & Subscriptions
Accessibility
5 total results
Find a Store
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Apple Intelligence
Apple Trade In
0
+
Privacy
Local Nav Open Menu
Local Nav Close Menu
Overview
Features
Control
Labels
Transparency Report
Privacy Policy
English
Choose your preferred language
At Apple, we believe strongly in fundamental privacy rights — and that those fundamental rights should not differ depending on where you live in the world.
That’s why we treat any data that relates to an identified or identifiable individual or that is linked or linkable to them by Apple as “personal data,” no matter where the individual lives.
This means that data that directly identifies you — such as your name — is personal data, and also data that does not directly identify you, but that can reasonably be used to identify you — such as the serial number of your device — is personal data. Aggregated data is considered non‑personal data for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy covers how
Apple or an Apple-affiliated company
(collectively, “Apple”) handles personal data whether you interact with us on our websites, through Apple apps (such as Apple Music or Wallet), or in person (including by phone or when visiting an Apple Store). Apple may also link to third parties on our services or make third-party apps available for download in our App Store. Apple’s Privacy Policy does not apply to how third parties define personal data or how they use it. We encourage you to read their privacy policies and know your privacy rights before interacting with them.
At Apple, we respect your ability to know, access, correct, transfer, restrict the processing of, and delete your personal data. We have provided these rights to our global customer base and if you choose to exercise these privacy rights, you have the right not to be treated in a discriminatory way nor to receive a lesser degree of service from Apple. Where you are requested to consent to the processing of your personal data by Apple, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
To exercise your privacy rights and choices, including where a third-party service provider is acting on Apple’s behalf, visit the Apple Data and Privacy page at
privacy.apple.com
for Apple or
shazam.com/privacy
for Shazam.
To help protect the security of your personal data, you must sign in to your account and your identity will be verified. If you want to obtain a copy of personal data that is not currently available from
privacy.apple.com
, you can make a request at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the applicable regulator.
There may be situations where we cannot grant your request — for example, if you ask us to delete your transaction data and Apple is legally obligated to keep a record of that transaction to comply with law. We may also decline to grant a request where doing so would undermine our legitimate use of data for anti-fraud and security purposes, such as when you request deletion of an account that is being investigated for security concerns. Other reasons your privacy request may be denied are if it jeopardizes the privacy of others, is frivolous or vexatious, or would be extremely impractical or unreasonable.
If you live in California and you cannot access Apple’s Data and Privacy page,
you or your authorized agent can make a request at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
or by calling 1-800-275-2273.
For more information on exercising your rights, visit
support.apple.com/102283
.
At Apple, we believe that you can have great products and great privacy. This means that we strive to
collect only the personal data that we need
. The personal data Apple collects depends on how you interact with Apple. Descriptions of how Apple handles personal data for certain individual services are available at
apple.com/legal/privacy/data
.
When you create an Apple Account, apply for commercial credit, purchase and/or activate a product or device, download a software update, register for a class at an Apple Store, connect to our services, contact us (including by social media), participate in an online survey, or otherwise interact with Apple, we may collect a variety of information, including:
Account Information.
Your Apple Account and related account details, including email address, devices registered, account status, and age
Device Information.
Data from which your device could be identified, such as device serial number, or about your device, such as browser type
Contact Information
. Data such as name, email address, physical address, phone number, or other contact information
Payment Information. Data about your billing address and method of payment, such as bank details, credit, debit, or other payment card information
Transaction Information.
Data about purchases of Apple products and services or transactions facilitated by Apple, including purchases on Apple platforms
Fraud Prevention Information.
Data used to help identify and prevent fraud, including a device trust score
Usage Data.
Data about your activity on and use of our offerings, such as app launches within our services, including browsing history; search history; product interaction; crash data, performance and other diagnostic data; and other usage data
Location Information
. Precise location only to support services such as Find My or where you agree for region-specific services, and coarse location
Health Information.
Data relating to the health status of an individual, including data related to one’s physical or mental health or condition. Personal health data also includes data that can be used to make inferences about or detect the health status of an individual. If you participate in a study using an Apple Health Research Study app, the policy governing the privacy of your personal data is described in the
Apple Health Study Apps Privacy Policy
.
Fitness Information.
Details relating to your fitness and exercise information where you choose to share them
Financial Information.
Details including salary, income, and assets information where collected, and information related to Apple-branded financial offerings
Government ID Data.
In certain jurisdictions, we may ask for a government-issued ID in limited circumstances, including when setting up a wireless account and activating your device, for the purpose of extending commercial credit, managing reservations, or as required by law
Other Information You Provide to Us.
Details such as the content of your communications with Apple, including interactions with customer support and contacts through social media channels
You are not required to provide the personal data that we have requested. However, if you choose not to do so, in many cases we will not be able to provide you with our products or services or respond to requests you may have.
Apple may receive personal data about you from other
individuals
, from businesses or third parties acting
at your direction
, from our
partners
who work with us to provide our products and services and assist us in security and fraud prevention, and from other
lawful sources.
Individuals.
Apple may collect data about you from other individuals — for example, if that individual has sent you a product or gift card, invited you to participate in an Apple service or forum, or shared content with you.
At Your Direction.
You may direct other individuals or third parties to share data with Apple. For example, you may direct your mobile carrier to share data about your carrier account with Apple for account activation, or for your loyalty program to share information about your participation so that you can earn rewards for Apple purchases.
Apple Partners.
We may also validate the information you provide — for example, when creating an Apple Account, with a third party for security, and for fraud-prevention purposes.
To power features such as search and as a source for our foundational AI models, Apple uses Applebot, a web crawler, to crawl information that is publicly available on the internet. We have measures in place to reduce the amount of personal data we collect and make no attempt to connect data crawled to any individual Apple user, or to build profiles about individuals. Your private personal data is not used to train our foundational AI models. To exercise your right as an individual to opt out of processing, visit the
Apple Intelligence Privacy Inquiries form
. For more information about Applebot, visit
support.apple.com/120320
.
For research and development purposes, we may use datasets such as those that contain images, voices, or other data that could be associated with an identifiable person. When acquiring such datasets, we do so in accordance with applicable law, including law in the jurisdiction in which the dataset is hosted. When using such datasets for research and development, we do not attempt to reidentify individuals who may appear therein.
Apple uses personal data to power our services, to process your transactions, to communicate with you, for security and fraud prevention, and to comply with law. We may also use personal data for other purposes with your consent.
Apple uses your personal data only when we have a valid legal basis to do so.
Depending on the circumstance, Apple may rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary to fulfill a contract with you, protect your vital interests or those of other persons, or to comply with law. We may also process your personal data where we believe it is in our or others’ legitimate interests, taking into consideration your interests, rights, and expectations. More information is available in the product-specific information embedded in our products and features as described above. If you have questions about the legal basis, you can contact the Data Protection Officer at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
.
Power Our Services.
Apple collects personal data necessary to power our services, which may include personal data collected to improve our offerings, for internal purposes such as auditing or data analysis, or for troubleshooting. For example, if you would like to access a song through an Apple Music subscription, we collect data on what songs you play in order to provide you with the content requested and for royalty purposes.
Process Your Transactions.
To process transactions, Apple must collect data such as your name, purchase, and payment information.
Communicate with You.
To respond to communications, reach out to you about your transactions or account, market our products and services, provide other relevant information, or request information or feedback. From time to time, we may use your personal data to send important notices, such as communications about purchases and changes to our terms, conditions, and policies. Because this information is important to your interaction with Apple, you may not opt out of receiving these important notices.
Security and Fraud Prevention.
To protect individuals, employees, and Apple and for loss prevention and to prevent fraud, including to protect individuals, employees, and Apple for the benefit of all our users, and prescreening or scanning uploaded content for potentially illegal content, including child sexual exploitation material.
Personal Data Used for Personalization.
If you choose to personalize your services or communications where such options are available, Apple will use information that we collect so that we can offer you those personalized services or communications. You can learn more about how relevant services use information to personalize your experience by reviewing the privacy information presented when you first use a service that asks to use your personal data. We make this information easy to find by presenting it with our Data & Privacy icon; it’s also available at all times on your Apple device and online at
apple.com/legal/privacy/data
.
Comply with Law.
To comply with applicable law — for example, to satisfy tax or reporting obligations, or to comply with a lawful governmental request.
Apple does not use algorithms or profiling to make any decision that would significantly affect you without the opportunity for human review. Apple also does not use or disclose sensitive personal data for any purposes that would require a user to exercise a right to limit processing according to California law.
Apple retains personal data only for so long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, including as described in this Privacy Policy or in our service-specific privacy notices, or as required by law. We will retain your personal data for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy and our service-specific privacy notices. When assessing retention periods, we first carefully examine whether it is necessary to retain the personal data collected and, if retention is required, work to retain the personal data for the shortest possible period permissible under law.
Apple may share personal data with
Apple-affiliated companies
,
service providers
who act on our behalf, our
partners
,
developers, and publishers
, or others
at your direction
. Further, Apple does not share personal data with third parties for their own marketing purposes.
Service Providers.
Apple may engage third parties to act as our service providers and perform certain tasks on our behalf, such as processing or storing data, including personal data, in connection with your use of our services and delivering products to customers. Apple service providers are obligated to handle personal data consistent with this Privacy Policy and according to our instructions. They cannot use the personal data we share for their own purposes and must delete or return the personal data once they’ve fulfilled our request.
Partners.
At times, Apple may partner with third parties to provide services or other offerings. For example, Apple financial offerings like Apple Card and Apple Cash are offered by Apple and our partners. Apple requires its partners to protect your personal data.
Developers and Publishers from Whom You Get a Subscription.
If you purchase a third-party subscription from the App Store or within Apple News, we create a Subscriber ID that is unique to you and the developer or publisher. The Subscriber ID may be used to provide reports to the developer or publisher, which include information about the subscription you purchased and your country of residence. If you cancel all of your subscriptions from a particular developer or publisher, the Subscriber ID will reset after 180 days if you do not resubscribe. This information is provided to developers or publishers so that they can understand the performance of their subscriptions.
Others.
Apple may share personal data with others at your direction or with your consent, such as when we share information with your carrier to activate your account. We may also disclose information about you if we determine that for purposes of national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance, disclosure is necessary or appropriate. We may also disclose information about you where there is a lawful basis for doing so, if we determine that disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce our terms and conditions or to protect our operations or users, or in the event of a reorganization, merger, or sale.
Apple does not sell your personal data including as “sale” is defined in Nevada and California. Apple also does not “share” your personal data as that term is defined in California.
At Apple, we believe that great privacy rests on great security. We use
administrative, technical, and physical safeguards
to protect your personal data, taking into account the nature of the personal data and the processing, and the threats posed. We are constantly working to improve on these safeguards to help keep your personal data secure. For more information, visit our
Apple Platform Security
guide.
Apple understands the importance of safeguarding the personal data of children, which we consider to be an
individual under the age of 13 or the equivalent age as specified by law in your jurisdiction
. That is why Apple has implemented additional processes and protections to help keep children’s personal data safe.
To access certain Apple services, a child must have a child Apple Account. A child Apple Account may be created by the
parent
or, in the case of a Managed Apple Account, by the
child’s educational institution
.
Parents.
To create a child account, parents must review the
Family Privacy Disclosure for Children
, which describes how Apple handles children’s personal data. If they agree, the parent must provide Apple with a verifiable parental consent.
Educational Institutions.
Educational institutions that participate in the Apple School Manager Program may also create Apple IDs for students, called “Managed Apple IDs.” These schools are required to agree to the
Managed Apple IDs for Students Disclosure
which is included as Exhibit A to the Apple School Manager Agreement.
If we learn that a child’s personal data was collected without appropriate authorization, it will be deleted as soon as possible.
To exercise privacy rights for your child’s information, visit the Apple Data and Privacy page at
privacy.apple.com
and sign in to their account.
Apple’s websites, online services, interactive applications, and advertisements may use
“cookies” and other technologies
such as web beacons.
These technologies help us to better understand user behavior including for security and fraud prevention purposes, tell us which parts of our websites people have visited, and facilitate and measure the effectiveness of advertisements and web searches.
Communications Cookies.
These cookies are used to enable network traffic to and from Apple’s systems, including by helping us detect any errors.
Strictly Necessary Cookies.
These cookies are set as required to provide a specific feature or service that you have accessed or requested. For example, they allow us to display our websites in the proper format and language, to authenticate and verify your transactions, and to preserve the contents of your Bag when shopping online at
apple.com
.
Other Cookies.
These cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with our websites and online services, including by helping us to assess the effectiveness of advertisements and web searches. Apple also uses these cookies to remember choices you make while browsing, so we can provide you with a customized experience.
If you prefer that Apple not use cookies, we provide you with the means to disable their use. If you want to disable cookies and you’re using the Safari web browser, choose “Block all cookies” in Safari’s privacy settings. If you are using a different browser, check with your provider to find out how to disable cookies. Certain features of the Apple website may not be available if all cookies are disabled.
In addition to cookies, Apple uses other technologies that help us achieve similar objectives.
In some email messages Apple sends to you, we provide a “click-through URL” that links you to content on the Apple website. When you click one of these URLs, they pass through a separate server before arriving at the destination page on our website. We track this click-through to help us determine interest in particular topics and measure whether we are communicating with you effectively. If you prefer not to be tracked in this way, you should not click graphic or text links in email messages.
Apple generally treats data we collect using these cookies and similar technologies as non-personal data.
However, to the extent that Internet Protocol (IP) addresses or similar identifiers are considered personal data by local law, we also treat these identifiers as personal data in those regions. In addition, Apple sometimes combines non-personal data collected from these technologies with other personal data Apple holds. When we combine data in this way, we treat the combined data as personal data for purposes of this Privacy Policy.
Ads that are delivered by Apple’s advertising platform may appear on the App Store, Apple News, Stocks, and Apple TV app depending on your location. Apple’s advertising platform does not track you, meaning that it does not link user or device data collected from our apps with user or device data collected from third parties for targeted advertising or advertising measurement purposes, and does not share user or device data with data brokers.
If you do not want to receive ads targeted to your interests from Apple's advertising platform in those apps, you can choose to disable Personalized Ads, which will opt your Apple Account out of receiving such ads regardless of what device you are using. On your iOS, iPadOS, or visionOS device, you can disable Personalized Ads by going to Settings > Privacy & Security > Apple Advertising and tapping to turn off Personalized Ads. On your Mac, you can disable Personalized Ads by going to System Settings > Privacy & Security > Privacy > Advertising, then deselecting Personalized Ads. You may still see ads in the App Store, Apple News, or Stocks based on context like your search query or the channel you are reading. If you disable Allow Apps to Request to Track, third-party apps cannot request to use the Advertising Identifier, a non-personal identifier served by the operating system on your device, to track you across apps and websites owned by other companies.
For more information about Apple-delivered advertising and privacy, visit
apple.com/legal/privacy/data/ww/apple-advertising
.
Apple products and offerings connect you to the world. To make that possible,
your personal data may be transferred to or accessed by entities around the world,
including Apple-affiliated companies, to perform processing activities such as those described in this Privacy Policy in connection with your use of our products and services. Apple complies with laws on the transfer of personal data between countries to help ensure your data is protected, wherever it may be.
The Apple entity that controls your personal data may differ depending on where you live.
For example, Apple Store information is controlled by individual retail entities in each country and Apple Media Services-related personal data may be controlled by various Apple entities as reflected in the terms of service. If you do not reside in the U.S., your personal data may be processed by Apple Inc. and other Apple-affiliated companies on behalf of the Apple entity controlling personal data for your jurisdiction. For example, Imagery and associated data collected by Apple around the world to improve Apple Maps and to support our Look Around feature is transferred to Apple Inc. in California.
Personal data relating to individuals in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland is controlled by Apple Distribution International Limited in Ireland. Apple’s international transfer of personal data collected in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland is governed by
Standard Contractual Clauses
. If you have questions or would like a copy of Apple’s Standard Contractual Clauses, you can contact us at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
.
Personal data collected by
Apple or an Apple-affiliated company
worldwide is generally stored by Apple Inc. in the United States. Regardless of where your personal data is stored, Apple maintains the same high level of protection and safeguarding measures.
Apple’s privacy practices, as described in this Privacy Policy, comply with the Global Cross-Border Privacy Rules (CBPRs) System and the Global Privacy Recognition for Processors (PRP) System. For more information about the Global CBPR and PRP Systems, visit
Global CBPR Forum
. To view our certifications, visit
CBPR System Compliance Directory
. For more information about the scope of our participation, or to submit a privacy inquiry through
BBB National Programs
, our Accountability Agent, visit:
Cross-Border Privacy Rules Program
Privacy Recognition for Processors Program
Personal data relating to individuals in the People’s Republic of China may be processed by Apple in countries outside of the People’s Republic of China, such as Apple Inc. in the United States or Apple Distribution International Limited in the Republic of Ireland. Where this occurs, it will be done in compliance with local laws, including the Personal Information Protection Law. For the purposes of processing set out in this Privacy Policy, Apple may also transfer such personal data to third-party service providers, who may in turn store or transfer the data outside of the People’s Republic of China. For more information, visit
China Mainland Privacy Disclosures
.
To make sure your personal data is secure, we communicate our privacy and security guidelines to Apple employees and strictly enforce privacy safeguards within the company.
If you have questions about Apple’s Privacy Policy or privacy practices including where a third-party service provider is acting on our behalf, or you would like to contact our Data Protection Officer, you can contact us at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
or call the
Apple Support number
for your country or region.
You can also ask us questions about how to submit a privacy complaint and we will endeavor to help.
Apple takes your privacy questions seriously. A dedicated team reviews your inquiry to determine how best to respond to your question or concern, including those inquiries received in response to an access or download request. In most cases, all substantive contacts receive a response within seven days. In other cases, we may require additional information or let you know that we need more time to respond.
Where your complaint indicates an improvement could be made in our handling of privacy issues, we will take steps to make such an update at the next reasonable opportunity. In the event that a privacy issue has resulted in a negative impact on you or another person, we will take steps to address that with you or that other person.
You may at any time — including if you are not satisfied with Apple’s response — refer your complaint to the applicable regulator. If you ask us, we will endeavor to provide you with information about relevant complaint avenues which may be applicable to your circumstances.
When there is a material change to this Privacy Policy, we’ll post a notice on this website at least a week in advance of doing so and contact you directly about the change if we have your data on file.
View our CBPR certification
View our PRP certification