Updated 01/01/2022
Orai respects the privacy of our users personal information and content. We want to earn user trust by being careful and transparent about user generated data.

This Privacy Policy explains what information On Time Labs, LLC (“Orai”, “us”, “we”, or “our”) collects about you and why, what we may do with that information and how we handle your Personal Information and User Content.

This Privacy Policy is incorporated and made part of Orai’s Terms of Service located at
www.orai.com/tos
(the “Terms of Service”), and applies to the information obtained by us through your use of the Site, the App, the Services, the Software (collectively, the “Site”) and other Orai products and services.
What information do we collect?
A list of the
Personal Information
Orai may collect, and why we collect it, follows:
Your name, email address and preferences.
This lets us create your account, provide you with convenient and personalized access to your account and deliver and support our
Products
. This information also helps us communicate with you about your use of our
Products
, product announcements and software updates, as well as respond to your requests for assistance. In addition, we may use your
Personal Information
to send you direct marketing emails and special offers but with your prior permissions. More details have been provided below.
User-Locale
Orai does not explicitly request access to your location. However your rough geographic location helps us understand how best to cater Orai to your language accent. The geographic area where you use your computer and mobile devices (as indicated by an IP address or similar identifier), and the language you select when interacting with our
Products
. This information also helps us improve our understanding of how our users use our products.
Audio Recordings
All recordings that you do in Orai are saved securely by us in our cloud servers. Some copies of it are also stored on your phone. We also store the results of processing your audio. This is done so that you can load any previous recording that you want. It also helps us improve your future recordings by allowing us to personalize the results based patterns we observe in your
speech
. For deletion policy regarding this please refer to data deletion section below.
Other User Generated Content:
Other user content such as scripts, ratings and other data-points provided through interaction with our site may be stored by Orai. We don’t use this information for any purpose other than to
Provide the Services, make sure it is available to you when you use our Products
Improve our understanding of how you use our app. We may use third party providers to collect aggregated information in how you navigate through our products. For example how many people played clicked on the record button over the month.
Improve the algorithms underlying our Products.
Unique device identifier
We use this information to
Calculate aggregate statistics on the number of unique devices using our Products
Detect and prevent misuse of our Products.
Log data.
As with most websites and technology services delivered over the internet, our servers automatically collect data when you access or use our Site, Software, and/or Services and record it in log files. This log data may include the IP address, browser type and settings, the date and time of use, information about browser configuration, language preferences, and cookie data.
Device information.
These are data from your computer or mobile device, such as the type of hardware and software you are using (for example, your operating system and browser type), as well as unique device identifiers for devices that are using the App.
Others:
You may also log into Orai with a social networking credential, such as with your Facebook or Google account. We will ask permission to access basic information from that account, such as your name and email address. You can stop sharing that information with us at any time by removing Orai’s access to your account from the respective service providers.
Gathering this kind of information helps us administer our Products, provide convenient and personalized user access and improve the features and usability of our Products.

In addition, we gather information that indicates your association with one of our business partners or certain promotions. We use this information to determine the amount of revenue share payments to make to partners with whom we might have such arrangements and to provide anonymized aggregate reports.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, purchase products or services, respond to a survey or marketing communication or other Orai request, surf or use services offered through Orai, or use certain other Orai features in the following ways:
To operate and improve Orai and services offered through the Site.
Improving our processing algorithms (non enterprise users only)
To personalize your Orai experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and service offerings in which you are most interested.
To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
To quickly process your transactions.
To administer a promotion, survey or other Orai features.
For training, industry, communication or other research, analysis, demographic profiling, publications, norm development, and similar uses.
Personal information or user content:
Orai does not sell or rent user information, and we only disclose information when:
We have your explicit consent to share the information. For eg: Clicking on the share button in our app makes your recording public.
We need to share your information with affiliated and unaffiliated service providers to fulfill your product or service requests.
We believe it is necessary to investigate potential violations of the Terms of Service, to enforce those Terms of Service or where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud or potential threats against persons, property or the systems on which we operate our Products.
We determine that the access, preservation or disclosure of information is required or permitted by law to protect the rights, property or personal safety of Orai and users of our Products, or is required to comply with applicable laws, including compliance with warrants, court orders or other legal process.
We need to do so in connection with the sale or reorganization of all or part of our business, as permitted by applicable law.
We do not share your information with third parties for the purpose of enabling them to deliver their advertisements to you.

However, non-personally identifiable information may be provided to other parties for industry or communication research, analysis, demographic profiling, publications, norm development or other uses.
Deletion/Correction/Updating Personal Information
You can correct or update your personally identifiable information, updating your account in the app, or by contacting us at the email mentioned below.
Do we review user content?
As a rule, Orai employees do not monitor or view your Personal Information or User Content stored in or transferred through our Products, but it may be viewed if we believe the Terms of Service have been violated and confirmation is required, if we need to do so in order to respond to your requests for user support, if we otherwise determine that we have an obligation to review it as described in the Terms of Service, or to improve our algorithms as described in the User Content section of our Terms of Service. Finally, your Personal Information may be viewed where necessary to protect the rights, property or personal safety of Orai and its users, or in order to comply with our legal obligations, such as responding to warrants, court orders or other legal process.
Do we ever make any of your person information or user content public?
No, except as otherwise described in this Policy.

‍
Information access and disclosure
Does Orai share my Information?
We only disclose Personal Data to third parties when:
We use service providers who assist us in meeting business operations needs, including hosting, delivering, and improving our Services. We also use service providers for specific services and functions, including email communication, customer support services, and analytics. These service providers may only access, process, or store Personal Data pursuant to our instructions and to perform their duties to us. You can request exact details of our service providers by contacting us at the email mentioned below.
We have your explicit consent to share your Personal Data.
We believe it is necessary to investigate potential violations of the Terms of Service, to enforce those Terms of Service, or where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, or potential threats against persons, property, or the systems on which we operate our Site, Software, and/or Services.
We determine that the access, preservation, or disclosure of your Personal Data is required by law to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Orai and users of our Site, Software, and/or Services, or to respond to lawful requests by public authorities, including national security or law enforcement requests.
We need to do so in connection with a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, reorganization, sale of some or all of our assets or stock, public offering of securities, or steps in consideration of such activities (e.g., due diligence). In these cases some or all of your Personal Data may be shared with or transferred to another entity, subject to this Privacy Policy.
We may disclose Non-Personal Data publicly and to third parties – for example, in public reports about
speech
patterns, to partners under agreement with us, or as part of progress reports we may provide to users. We also use this in order to help users compare themselves to the general norm.

Orai does not share your Personal Data with third parties for the purpose of enabling them to deliver their advertisements to you.
Does Orai sell or rent my Personal Data?
No, Orai does not sell or rent your Personal Data.
Does Orai use cookies?
Cookies are small text files stored on your device and used by web browsers to deliver personalized content and remember logins and account settings. Orai uses cookies and similar technologies, including tracking pixels and web beacons, to collect usage and analytic data that helps us provide our Site, Software, and/or Services to you, as well as to help deliver ads for relevant Orai products and services to you when you visit certain pages on the Site and then visit certain third-party sites. Our products currently do not respond to Do Not Track requests.
Will Orai send me emails?
From time to time, we may want to contact you with information about product announcements, software updates, and special offers. We also may want to contact you with information about products and services from our business partners. You may opt out of such communications at any time by clicking the “unsubscribe” link found within Orai emails and changing your contact preferences. All Orai account holders will continue to receive transactional messages related to our Services, even if you unsubscribe from promotional emails.

For EEA users: We only send marketing communications to users located in the EEA with your prior consent.

Does Orai ever make any of my Personal Data or User Content public?

No, we do not share Personal Data or User Content except in the limited circumstances described by this Policy or Our Terms of Service.
Does Orai collect information from children?
Orai does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. If we determine we have collected personal information from a child younger than 13 years of age, we will take reasonable measures to remove that information from our systems. If you are under the age of 13, please do not submit any personal information through the Site, Service, and/or Software. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children’s Internet usage and to help enforce this Policy by instructing their children never to provide personal information through the Site, Service, and/or Software without their permission.
Billing Information
Currently Orai does not directly obtain or process any Billing Information from our mobile application. Please refer to processing policies of the Google Play Store® and the Apple App Store®.

‍
Data storage, transfer, retention, and deletion
Where is my Information stored?
Information submitted to Orai will be transferred to, processed, and stored in the United States. When you use the Software on your computing device, User Content you save will be stored locally on that device and synced with our servers. If you post or transfer any Information to or through our Site, Software, and/or Services, you are agreeing to such Information, including Personal Data and User Content, being hosted and accessed in the United States.
How secure is my Information?
Orai is committed to protecting the security of your Information and takes reasonable precautions to protect it. However, Internet data transmissions, whether wired or wireless, cannot be guaranteed to be 100% secure, and as a result, we cannot ensure the security of Information you transmit to us, including Personal Data and User Content; accordingly, you acknowledge that you do so at your own risk.

We use industry-standard encryption to protect your data in transit. This is commonly referred to as transport layer security (“TLS”) or secure socket layer (“SSL”) technology.

Once we receive your data, we protect it on our servers using a combination of technical, physical, and logical security safeguards. The security of the data stored locally in any of our Software installed on your computing device requires that you make use of the security features of your device. We recommend that you take the appropriate steps to secure all computing devices that you use in connection with our Site, Software, and Services.

If Orai learns of a security system breach, we may attempt to notify you and provide information on protective steps, if available, through the email address that you have provided to us or by posting a notice on the Site.
How can I delete my Personal Account from Orai?
Please contact us regarding deletion of personal data from Orai at the contact information mentioned below.
What happens if you stop using Orai ?
You can stop using our Products at any time. You can contact us at anytime to request deletion of your data. If you request deletion of all your data residual copies of your Personal Information and deleted User Content may continue to exist on Orai’s back-up and archiving systems for up to 30 days due to the nature of those systems’ operations.
How long is Personal Data retained ?
You can remove your Personal Data from Orai at any time by deleting your account as described above. However, we may keep some of your Personal Data for as long as reasonably necessary for our legitimate business interests, including fraud detection and prevention and to comply with our legal obligations including tax, legal reporting, and auditing obligations. For our enterprise clients we are happy to implement custom data retention.
What happens if Orai closes my account?
If Orai closes your account due to your violation of the Terms of Service, then you may contact Orai to request deletion of your data. We will evaluate such requests on a case by case basis, pursuant to our legal obligations. Depending on the case we may delete all your data when closing your account as well.
For EEA users
Orai uses, processes, and stores Personal Data , as necessary to perform our contract with you, and based on our legitimate interests in order to provide the Services. We rely on your consent to process Personal Data to send promotional emails and to place cookies on your devices. In some cases, Orai may process Personal Data pursuant to legal obligation or to protect your vital interests or those of another person.
What rights do I have, and how can I exercise them?
Individuals located in the European Economic Area (EEA) have certain rights in respect to their personal information, including the right to access, correct, or delete Personal Data we process through your use of the Site, Software, and/or Services. If you’re a user based in the EEA, you can:
Request a Personal Data report by contacting us in the email mentioned below. This report will include the Personal Data we have about you, provided to you in a structured, commonly used, and portable format Orai may request additional information from you to verify your identity before we disclose any information.
Have your Personal Data corrected or deleted. Some Personal Data can be updated by you: You can update your name and email address, as well as language preference, through your Orai account settings. Please contact us (address mentioned below) in-cases of deletion or if you are unable to edit some information.
Object to us processing your Personal Data. You can ask us to stop using your Personal Data, including when we use your Personal Data to send you marketing emails. We only send marketing communications to users located in the EEA with your prior consent, and you may withdraw your consent at any time by clicking the “unsubscribe” link found within Orai emails and changing your contact preferences. Please note you will continue to receive transactional messages related to our Services, even if you unsubscribe from marketing emails.
Complain to a regulator. If you’re based in the EEA and think that we haven’t complied with data protection laws, you have a right to lodge a complaint with your local supervisory authority.
Who is our EEA Representative?
To obtain our EEA representative information please contact
support@orai.com
‍
Can you list your Data-Sub-processors?
All our sub-processors are GDPR compliant are are listed in the link below. We have obtained data processing agreements with each of them.
Orai Data Sub Processors
‍
Will this Privacy Policy ever change?
As Orai evolves, we may need to update this Policy to keep pace with changes in our Site, Software, and Services, our business, and laws applicable to us and you. We will, however, always maintain our commitment to respect your privacy. We will notify you of any material changes that impact your rights under this Policy by email (to your most recently provided email address) or post any other revisions to this Policy, along with their effective date, in an easy-to-find area of the Site, so we recommend that you periodically check back here to stay informed of any changes. Please note that your continued use of Orai after any change means that you agree with, and consent to be bound by, the new Policy. If you disagree with any changes in this Policy and do not wish your information to be subject to it, you will need to delete your Orai account.

‍
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
Under California’s “Shine the Light” law, California residents who provide personal information in obtaining products or services for personal, family or household use are entitled to request and obtain from us once a calendar year information about the customer information we shared, if any, with other businesses for their own direct marketing uses. If applicable, this information would include the categories of customer information and the names and addresses of those businesses with which we shared customer information for the immediately prior calendar year (e.g. requests made in 2017 will receive information regarding 2016 sharing activities).

To obtain this information from Orai please send an email message to support@orai.com with “Request for California Privacy Information” on the subject line and in the body of your message. We will provide the requested information to you at your e-mail address in response. Not all information sharing is covered by the “Shine the Light” requirements and only information on covered sharing will be included in our response.

‍
Contact us
Email
: support@orai.com

On Time Labs, LLC
3230 Market Street
Philadelphia PA
19104
USA