Privacy Policy - Expense Manager - Tracker
Last modified : 16 Jun 2018
This page constitutes the Privacy Policy for our mobile applications.
When you use our apps you’ll inevitably share some information with us. Since your privacy means very much to us, we want you to know more about the information we collect, how we use it.
We are trying our best to create this legal form in a normal human being’s voice, but if you still have questions about anything in our privacy policy, just contact us.
We encourage you to read this Privacy Policy carefully so that you can make informed decisions about your use of our mobile applications.
Personal Data
Personal data refers to personally identifiable information that specifically identifies you as an individual (e.g. your name, email address). We do NOT collect, store or use any of your Personal data.
If you contact us by email, then we will use your email address only for the purpose of contacting you. This will be only in response to a communication from you.
User Entered Data
All data entered into the applications by you remains on your device. We never pass this data and we never use it.
Device Data
Non-personal data refers to information that, by itself, does not personally identify you. We may collect Non-personal data such as your device model number, operating system version, country code and other properties for purposes of managing the applications.
We use third party analytics service to help anonymously monitor app usage and identify potential issues. This is purely a means to help us improve the applications usability experience.
Google Analytics
Though we don't store and use any personal information our applications may contain APIs from third parties, specifically, our mobile applications can use Google Analytics to help analyse how users behave with our applications. We mainly look out how long users have spent in the applications, how many screens were displayed and the location(Country/Region) of our users. This information is then used to evaluate the use of our applications and to improve the usability.
You can find more about Google Analytics privacy policy here:
http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
By using our applications, you agree to the terms of this policy
Advertisements
We may display advertisements in our applications to fund the development process for current and future Services. The advertisements are provided by third party companies and they may use and collect anonymous data about the user's interests to be able to select more relevant advertisements. This information may also include location data and unique device identifier. No information is collected to allow third parties identifying you as a person.
You can find more about Admob policy here:
http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
By using our applications, you agree to the terms of this policy
Acceptance of the terms
By using our applications, you agree to the terms of this policy. If you do not accept the terms in this policy, please do not install or use our applications. The continued use of our products after any amendment of this privacy policy will be deemed your acceptance of the changes and/or new terms.
Policy Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated at any time. We suggest you check this page on a regular basis so you are aware of any modifications. You acknowledge and accept that it is your responsibility to periodically review this policy so you are aware of modifications.
Changes to the policy
We reserve the right to change this Policy at any time.  If we decide to change this Policy, we will post those changes on this page and update the date at the top of the page.  The changes will be effective when posted.  Please check this page on a regular basis so that you remain aware of what information we collect and how we use it.
Contact information
If you have any questions about this Policy, please contact us at
support@smartexpenditure.com
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/:
