Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The Argo service takes your personal information very seriously and handles your personal information with special care. Your personal information is used only for the smooth provision of Argo services. The Argo service will not provide your personal information to any third party unless otherwise provided by law or otherwise agreed to by the customer. In order to protect your personal information, Argo Service has established the following privacy policy.
Your use of the Service signifies that you agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Service.
1. Personal Information Collection List
purpose
list
Registration
SNS(Facebook, Google, Kakao Talk) account information or email address, with profile, gender, birth year and photo image
Using the service
The information (device type, city location) and functions(camera, microphone, sensor) of the mobile device are used in the process of using the service
2. Purpose of collection and use of personal information
Argo Service collects and uses your personal information to provide smooth service. Depending on the terms and conditions agreed to by the user, it may be necessary to collect the user's SNS account or e-mail address, gender, year of birth, and mobile device information for proving basic functions and additional functions of the service. In addition, personal information of the user is used for payment when using the in-app purchase, and it is also necessary in case of inquiries and disputes related to the use of the service or to inform the user individually. It is also used to develop new services, improve functions, calculate usage statistics, fulfill obligations stipulated in laws and ordinances, and prevent misuse that may harm other users against laws and regulations or terms of service.
3. Personal Information we collect and how to collect
When you install the Service on your device and register with Argo, personally identifiable information about you may be collected. During the registration through Argo, you are required to provide your SNS account (like as Facebook) or email address, password (only for signing up using email address), opened SNS profile, gender, birth year and photo image. Mobile information (phone model, country, Android mobile IMEI or Android model ID, iOS model UUID) and functions (camera, microphone, sensor) of the mobile device are used in the process of using the service. This information and functionality is essential to provide services that enable users to connect and interact with people from different regions, genders, and ages. Meanwhile, Argo services are constantly striving to maintain a pleasant and healthy user experience and to provide a beneficial experience for all users. For this purpose, information such as records of use and related evidence may be collected through victims' reports or automated systems in order to prevent illegal use that may harm other users against laws or terms of service. In addition, for in-app purchases, payment providers such as Google Play and the App Store are collecting billing information, such as credit card information, carrier information, and voucher number. In connection with payment, the user must take responsibility for his / her own understanding of the terms of use and privacy policy of the payment companies.
4. The period of retention and use of personal information, the procedure and method of destroying personal information
The Argo Service retains and processes personal information within the period under this Policy and the Law. Also, your personal information will be destroyed without delay when the purpose of collection and use is achieved, except when it is necessary to preserve it by the Law and this policy. Personal information stored in the form of electronic files is deleted using a technical method that cannot recover or reproduce the record, and personal information printed on paper is crushed by a crusher and destroyed. The duration of the Argo Service's use of personal information in accordance with this policy and the Law is as follows.
Membership and Management
Until the user leaves the membership However, in order to respond to user inquiries even if the member withdraws, to deal with disputes arising from misuse of the service contrary to laws or the Terms of Use, or to restrict the re-entry of fraudulent users, it is preserved for 3 years after the membership is withdrawn and then destroyed by the above method.
Service delivery
Service delivery: until the completion of service delivery (However, can be extended up to the time limit prescribed by law.)
5. Rights of users and legal representatives and how they are exercised
Users and legal representatives may request to view, correct, delete their personal information at any time with respect to the registered user or the personal information of the person under the age of 18, and may terminate the membership at any time. To view or modify your personal information, go to "My Profile" in the service. To cancel your subscription, click "Delete my account." in "about Argo" in the service setting function. If any of the above actions are not smooth or difficult within the service, please contact us at help@argozone.com and we will expedite the process.
You have the right to protect your personal information and to protect yourself and not to infringe on the information of others. Please be careful that personal information of user including password is not leaked.
6. Sharing of personal information
The Argo service does not share any personal information to any third party.
7. Matters concerning the installation, operation and rejection of the automatic collection device of personal information
Argo services can operate "cookies" to provide users with specialized convenience services. A cookie is a very small text file that is sent to your browser by the server and may be stored on your hard disk in your device.
The purpose of the cookie
It is used to provide convenience for users to communicate with each other based on users' logins and recent access logs.
You may refuse to install and operate cookies.
The user has the option of installing cookies. Therefore, by setting options in your web browser, you can allow all cookies, check each time a cookie is saved, or refuse to save all cookies. However, if you refuse to install cookies, it may be difficult to use the service.
Contact Information
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at help@argozone.com. Any personally identifiable information provided in connection with inquiries related to this Privacy Policy will be used solely for the purpose of responding to the inquiry and consistent with our Privacy Policy.